How do social and cultural context influence judgements on the quality of art?
How important is the artistic moment?
Which school is better for theater arts: Brown or Barnard?
What is your favorite Van Gogh painting?
Is there a database of famous paintings with locations where they were painted?
How much time do you invest on a single artwork?
How is the Paris Modern Art Museum building veiwed today compared to when it was first built?
What are ways to self harm that don’t leave scars?
When will I ever use art class in school?
Are there any realistic depictions or descriptions of Classical Athens in movies, books, paintings or other works of art?
Is there any style of art that emphasizes laziness on the part of the painter?
How can I teach myself visual art?
Do artists draw their own portraits?
Who owns the Mona Lisa? I’m guessing its just on loan to the Louvre.
What are the steps to make mural art on wood?
What is the price of a painting of a senior artist?
What's the meaning of art of living?
How do you define Art of Finishing?
Is there a site that offers online programs for a nonverbal people who think visually?
What are examples of recent artists that have produced artwork on historical events?
Why do the arts need funding?
How would you explain famous pieces of modern art?
What are the best Art Direction courses in India?
How is Ester Petukhova so talented?
Can an Indian painter/sketching artist guide me?
What subject is there in Arts?
Has anyone ever heard of the artist Francisco pradilla ortiz? What are the chances the one below is one of his paintings?
Who is the best Indian painter who mastered abstract paintings?
Is art an essential part of a man’s self?
What is the most mysterious paintings after MONA LISA?
How can I find information on the artist Maria Rosaria Petraccone, who did a painting I purchased at Pompeii?
What are the requirements for an art gallery?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
How 2D arts different from 3D arts?
What is the most famous painting that you have ever seen?
What are examples of non objective art?
Is this an okay drawing for a 13 year old?
What obstacles have you experienced as an artist getting your art out?
How many Haitian paintings have you bought in your lifetime?
Which is the best art school in India and not costly?
Which is the best home painting service in India?
What are the best government collage to study fine arts in Mumbai?
What is the way to get models to commission an artist to do custom work for them?
Is stating painter Lee Krasner was a abstract-symbolist a original possible art criticism /art history thesis topic?
Can I earn through my art (sketches and paintings) in India as an undergraduate student? If yes, how?
What should a person with an unusually strong sense of justice and artistic talent with drawing do with their lives in terms of career and calling?
Why is Willem De Kooning's "Interchange" the most expensive painting?
Where can I upload my drawings to be critiqued? Is DeviantArt good?
Which works of art from 1700-1970 portray a woman who blends in with the background?
How do I sell my artwork?
How do I sell my paintings? They are on A4 canvases. I do anime and nature in the UK, and I know nothing about pricing and the art business.
How much market / demand is available for paintings or drawings?
What are some of the most famous landscape paintings by Monet?
Could everything that we do be considered art?
Where can I find portrait artists in Chennai? How much do they charge for their work?
Why do you have to have a style as an artist?
How does an artist choose the right marble for a sculpture?
What is the oldest known still life painting depicting a bottle of wine?
What is the first step I need to take to join in fine arts (in painting) after I complete my 12th class?
What can I do to improve my painting?
Can you critique some of my art?
What is vector based artwork?
What is the benefit of volunteering at an art gallery?
What would life be like without art?
How can I line a watercolor artwork, i.e. using liner or colored pencils?
What is the Marxist view of art?
There's this artist named "takurou". I really love his work. How can I put in a request for a specific doujin?
How do you understand/admire art?
What are the main tools for painting landscapes?
What good could an art major do in the military?
What are some pieces of art that depict or symbolize immortality?
As an amateur artist, when preparing for an art exhibition, should I necessarily present a series of paintings?
What can "trivial literature" or art teach us, especially pompous pricks (who usually don't know the first thing about art)?
What is your personal favorite splash art from Riot?
How do I know whether or not my art has something to do with me? What if I'm not good enough as an artist to express myself but I still put out art?
Where do I find a good online art course?
Are there artists who like audience participation?
Which stills could you take from the movies and frame as a standalone work of art?
Where can I enroll for advanced​ painting in Kolkata?
What is a good analysis of the painting "The Battle of Alexander at Issus" by Albrecht Altdorfer?
Why is the painting with two fingers touching so famous?
Can art compete with nature?
Does college/art school teach a student how to properly use acrylic paint?
Which school of sculpture is oldest, Gandhara, Mathura or Amravati?
What are the career opportunities for fine (visual) arts graduate?
Is it possible to study fine arts after engineering?
Are there any fine arts certificate programs in portraits available for working individuals in Bangalore area?
How can I sell my art prints now and make a lot of money?
What is the name of the huge painting in Baron Chau's living room?
How does one start their own art collection?
If Van Gogh's painting weren't considered special during his lifetime, how did they become so valuable after his death?
Is there any painting which has no colour in it?
When artists started drawing, were they instantly talented or were they bad?
What is the methodology of wood plastic composite painting?
Can I print artworks on Schut sketch paper, 180 gms?
What is literary art?
Where do I get hand made art and craft products?
What are some mind blowing drawings you have seen?
Where can I get a box that will fit a 48"x36"x1.5" painting (cheapest option)?
How do you discern between "good and bad" art?
Why is the Mona Lisa so beautiful?
What are the main qualities of applied arts?
If you're an artist as your profession and you seriously dedicated your life to any form of art, what is your “ars poetica” in one short sentence?
What modern art style/movement are these paintings at http://imgur.com/gallery/aZqJt like? Do you Quorans know any artists that have similar style?
What is your favorite Swiss painting and why?
What are the fees to study fine arts at Chembur and learn music?
How was humanism affected by art and literature?
In a modern definition of art, is beauty still as important?
Can any painting method be used instead of oil painting for wall decors?
How can one make art crafts with waste materials?
What are the examples of best art with paper money?
Why do the arts and humanities matter?
Who is your favorite expressionist artist? Why?
What would be the next level of innovation in an art form like pencil sketching?
What is the most famous painting by Lucy Culliton and why?
Is it bad to disturb an artist during works in progress?
How much does it cost to go to the museum of art?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
What artistic movement is just pretentious garbage?
What are Renoir's most impressive paintings?
Why are some artists known by their first names (Michelangelo, Rembrandt) and others by their last names (van Gogh, Picasso)?
What is your favorite Van Gogh quote?
How can I find a talented artist I can work with?
Can you share some of your glass painting works?
How can I get reviews on my painting at this forum? How can I upload my work?
What's the best iOS app to sell my art?
Where can I find influential art people to view my art and help set me on my path to fame and fortune?
How did Roman art influence the modern world?
What do you think about a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting selling for $110.5 million at an auction?
Have you ever seen a giant eating jelly sculpture?
What is the best alternative to Resin for Art & Crafts?
What can I do to get more exposure with my artworks?
Would the artists on Quora be interested in participating in a blog about the process of making art?
Is it true that immigration makes a county flourish in art and culture as well as overall human development?
Does it bother you when you witness people mocking sculptures and paintings at museums?
I want to sell my art. What is the best way to do that?
How do I turn art into something interactive and community-based?
What are the greatest paintings about victory?
Is modern industrial education compatible with philosophy, literature and fine arts?
What do you understand by contemporary art?
How can I interact witht the art gallery in Hyderabad?
Is NOAPS the best organisation for oil/acrylic painters?
How do I fill in a proforma invoice for artwork?
What are some of the best programs from The Art of Living?
What would future generations call today’s fashion, music, art and style?
How many subjects must be opted for an undergraduate degree in arts?
Is there any particular difference between an artist’s creative process and others?
Are there any artists who have an extremely cartoonish style?
Does art need to be shown?
Where can I get quality painting services for interior painting in Charleston SC?
Who are the most successful/reputable art licensing agents?
Could there be such a thing as 'inanimate' intelligence? The sunset was pure art this evening.
Who is Mona Lisa? Did she really exist?
How have people today come to know about gothic art/architecture? What are some primary artifacts of this time period/art style?
Where can I find light painting tools India?
What is a more profitable business? An auction house or an art gallery?
What do you like in this painting? What seems wrong too ?
What picture do you think that should be in every art museum?
What is form in art?
Was Bob Ross high on drugs during the recordings of “The Joy of Painting”? I do not believe he was, but my friend does.
What's the most popular wall art in 2017?
Is talent in art genetic?
Does working on art create internal instability in you?
What do you think about my sixth fine art artwork - a drawing that I'm posting here (see at the link below)?
Which one is best for girls, fine arts degree or interior design degree?
I would like to do masterclasses in art and writing for the USO. How should I go about this?
What is the best thing you have ever drawn?
What are the best digital art services that can draw for you? Like in case you can't draw, or you want the digital art to be drawn nicely by artists.
Some people say that everyone can create art, but others think only those who are talented or have special skills can create art. Why?
Are people who do realistic drawings better than the Renaissance artists?
Who are some of the famous female painters of the 1930s?
What is the best way to sell canvas paintings? Is there a network in Hyderabad which I can join to market them through an exhibition.
How do I improve the quality of my artstyle in the eyes of the artistic community?
What is the scope of arts and crafts for a CSE student?
How can I earn more money: selling or creating artwork?
Is the painting The Arnolfini Portrait a tribute to Arnolfini's deceased wife?
Can I sell my drawings instead of paintings which are usually sold by artists instead?
How can nomal people dig their talent and sense of art?
What is the Hochschule Luzern, design and art, artistic aptitude and creativity test?
Could a neural network generate a painting superior to the Mona Lisa?
What are some really important art competitions?
Are there any fillers I can use with concrete to make it lighter?
If this applies to you, what is your favorite Van Gogh painting/drawing/work? Why?
How much is an arts & crafts teacher’s salary?
What is state of the art literature request rewriting?
How can I improve my digital art in MS Paint?
What is the art form of artists like Artgerm and Sakimichan called?
Could all the people whose 5 year olds have easily painted superior work to modern abstract painters please post examples?
What are examples of impalement arts?
Is nail thread portrait art patented?
Is there a university for performing arts in India?
Which is more artistic, asking or answering?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen a child draw?
Should I go for a fine arts degree after B.Tech?
Where does the art of stone stacking come from?
Why do paintings cost a lot?
Which is better for a PCM student - fine arts or physical education?
What is the Water Lilies painting series by Monet about?
If you were set with the creative task of painting an epic biblical scene for a famous art gallery, which one would you choose?
What do people think about selling experimental sound art?
Does Berry also believe in the concept of abstract painting, and why?
I can't get myself to like visual art. Why is this?
How do I post good quality digital art on Instagram?
What will be the effects of the post-medium condition on the arts?
Do you have four suggestions to uplift the Nepalese paintings?
Why did artist create retrospective art in the eighties?
What types of subjects did modernist artists paint?
Should I choose science, ICT, or art?
How much do Hitler's paintings sell for?
Can I make a career as a Mehendi artist in Bengaluru?
What are some good drawing/painting ideas for a mixed media sketchbook?
How does an artwork become valuable?
How do you frame encaustic paintings?
How do you photograph or scan your oil paintings?
How do I make a wire sculpture?
I would like to do my Masters in Art. How do I do it?
Which is the website where I can show and sell my art work for free?
Where can I buy art glass products in Switzerland?
What are the different types of applied arts?
How can I sell or show my paintings at a gallery event? Are there any organizations where I can contact and promote my paintings in Delhi, NCR?
Where can I get a dope contemporary artwork online without stressing myself?
How do sports, music and art fit to education?
Which is the best fine arts college in Faridabad?
How can somebody understand visual arts?
Have you attended a painting workshop taught by Australian artist Fiona Craig?
What are the best Albert Namatjira artworks?
Who's your favorite cartoon artist? What makes their art outstanding?
What are some famous sculptures at the Louvre?
What type of paints should be used for wall painting?
Which piece of art would be considered the ‘Mona Lisa’ of your country?
Can you suggest a baroque painting of a nude relaxing plump woman as the only character in the painting as a bedroom art?
I use gold paint in my art. When I photograph my work for prints, the gold looks like orange paint. How can I capture the gold paint?
Do you believe that "cooking is an art"?
What is a good source for art gallery openings/events in Los Angeles?
Are there any contribution of Saudis in literature and arts?
What is social commentary in art and what are some examples?
Do I have to paint the sides of a canvas while doing oil painting?
What are the various mediums which I can sell my paintings?
What are some schools of arts and crafts in India?
What is the most thought provoking piece of art you have ever seen?
What are the characteristics of Romanticism art?
Can I pursue the fine arts after PCM in Plus 2?
Is there any arts section in school?
What is the basis for appraising the value of ceramic art?
Can I legally post a picture of an ancient piece of art on my website?
Am I the only one who sings while painting, drawing or doing some art?
Can I learn Digital Art by myself without watching tutorials?
What is art? What is its actual meaning?
Why do people say there is no scope in arts and humanities?
My daughter is good in drawing and painting, what kind of career can she choose?
How much effort did Dr. Awdhesh Singh take to complete his first oil painting?
Is art appreciation influenced by demand and supply too sadly?
Is there a database with every painting from the Renaissance? Is there one, for example, with a link to the image of the painting itself, the painter, the year it was made, etc.?
How does the artist Banksy keep managing to display his artwork (which must take hours), without ever getting caught in the act?
Does art need explanations?
What are the requirements to have a own gallery and to publish own artwork?
Where is a good place to find digital art for websites, such as illustrations and full size headers of illustrated minimalist art for web?
Where can I get nice contemporary artworks?
When will the Pondicherry Street art show take place?
Do we need to study art?
Is it necessary to have a undergraduate degree in fine arts to be an artist?
What inspired Monet's famous landscape paintings?
Where can I buy mosaic art online?
What is the widely accepted rate that art galleries charge artists for successful sales of paintings?
What is your best art?
Can you think of anyone enigmatic enough to be a modern day Mona Lisa?
What are the laws and regulations, for selling my own art in the UK?
How do you frame a painting?
For the artists, is Artstation, Instagram or DeviantArt better? What do you prefer, and what are the advantages of each?
How do I become a successful mehendi artist?
How can I know the current market price of an 100 year old famous painting?
Did you leave a science course to follow fine arts? Should one do so?
Is there business potential and profitability in writing a contemporary art travel blog?
How should I find my purpose in life considering I'm already in an arts high school, but I don't enjoy arts so much?
Who had a style similar to that of Picasso?
When art doesn’t sell anymore, what would the artists do?
What have you done for your modern art project at school?
Who are the private label manufacturers of art materials (fabric Glue, acrylic colours)?
What should I do after class 12 in an arts subject?
Can using someone else’s style for a paid illustration be considered theft?
Why is art industry full of egocentric people?
Will a correspondence program in fine arts be helpful for a freelance artist with no formal qualification in the arts, but in engineering instead?
What masterpiece painting took the longest to complete?
What kind of art style works best on billboards?
What are the key contributions of North American artists to art history?
What is the difference and similarities between Art Deco and modernism?
How would you estimate the total number of art works in existence today on people’s walls of their houses?
How can you relate the Colosseum with visual art?
What is a teaching faculty position in Flame University, Pune (fine arts)?
Imagine an infinitely empty space where things start appearing and communicating with each other. What would you name this place?
In the world of Arts, how do the streams of 'Fine Art' and 'Illustration' differentiate? What might be the benefits of following one over the other?
What are the exact interpretations of Jackson Pollock's paintings?
What is the difference between music and sound art?
My graduation academic gown is solid dark blue colored. Would white heels go with it?
Is it wrong to start painting abstract paintings instead of realistic paintings?
When, how, what and why did sculptures happen?
Why, the painting of Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci is one of the most discussed topics in the world of Art?
What museum has the largest collection of art?
What are the career opportunities with a diploma in fine arts (visual arts) from IGNOU?
What advice you would give to a young artist coming from a low-class family with few connection in the art world, that would like to promote his work?
How can fiction be considered art?
How can something be defined as a piece of art?
What is the main difference between modern art and digital art?
Are there sites where you can pay artists to draw you?
What are some tips for an artist who wants to start taking art commissions? How do you price things, for example?
What do junior artists feel when they have to work with Tusshar Kapoor?
What are some good examples of art in response to WWII, perhaps similar Picasso's Guernica?
Where can I sell artistic nudes?
What art style does this image at Google Image Result for http://www.fromupnorth.com/wp-content/uploads/design/676/44907/0/52d8e25565907.jpg represent?
What are some techniques used to draw psychedelic art?
Why are Monet's famous landscape paintings so expensive?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
What is the most famous painting of Matisse?
Can contemporary art relate to preparing fruits, just like creating and sculpting?
How can we learn to read a piece of art?
What is your favourite modern art and why?
Why is art an accepted profession when it doesn't do anything greater for society?
What is Gordon Miller's favorite Van Gogh painting?
What is the most expensive painting per square inch of painting?
How can I earn money by making paintings or how can I sell my paintings and sketches?
Where can I buy art glass products in Germany?
What makes modern art so expensive?
If the world had to be summed up in one piece of art, what would it be, and why?
Is cinema a composite art form?
Do I potentially have a future in art?
In a class of 50 students, 18 take music, 26 take art, and 2 take both art and music. How many students in class are not enrolled in either music or art?
What is the proper way to use tracing to improve your sketching accuracy?
How can I get to the next level and sell more art online?
Which is more important, the artist or the audience?
How can you do glass painting?
Can we say that expensive paintings are all about the artist and not so much about the art?
How do you call the protective cover you use for carrying paintings?
What is Michelangelo's most famous sculpture?
What are the fees in Fine Arts, Chembur for music classes?
If you are a graphic designer, would you be interested in learning more about painting and drawing?
Does Philadelphia have an art scene?
What are the differences between Mesopotamian and Egyptian art?
Is there a name for the style of art in which vivid colors are used where you wouldn't normally expect them?
Are you interested in learning about fundraising art auctions? Have you heard of Marlin Art?
Should I pay for art prints if I have no money?
What are the secondary colors in art?
Why does my 4 year old draw on the wall and paint on paper?
Is it unrealistic for a woman to have been hired as a courtroom sketch artist in 1950s Canada?
Is SAT II required for the Faculty of Fine Arts?
What was the J. M. W. Turner work?
Which is the best website where I can show and sell my art work for free?
What makes medieval pictorial painting unique?
What happened to the "Pee Boy" art that was displayed on US Route 35 in the Teays Valley, WV?
How can I quickly make money with my art? Specifically with my paintings and my digital artwork.
What is painting?
What is artist context?
What are professional arts?
Why do cats in medieval paintings look like humans?
What are different styles of Rajasthani Painting?
When a painter draws a random face portrait, does he instinctively put his features in the portrait, resulting in the final picture resembling the painter?
How does an artist see the world?
On a scale of 1-10, how good are you at drawing/painting?
What is the best way to study human anatomy for artists?
What is the professional responsibility of an Applied artist?
What do positive and negative spaces represent in art?
Which are your favorite contemporary artists that paint mythological stuff?
What are some good skills/hobbies or professions to build using my visual spatial skills?
In what ways have Dadaism influenced modern and contemporary art?
How can you appreciate mediocre art?
How do I take my art to a gallery in Hyderabad?
Is architecture a form of visual art?
What is some good Connverse fan art?
Should I take Visual Arts SL in IB if I am not sure I am good at art?
Why do artists tend to overdo their works?
Why do we create art? Why are the well-persevered ancient arts generally worth more?
What is College Works painting? Are they reliable?
Why are Willem de Kooning, Robert Rauschenberg, and Jean-Michel Basquiat thought to be great artists?
What is the cheapest European school for art?
What are the characteristics of impalement arts?
What is your experience with incorporation as an artist?
Do artists need to explain their works?
What is the difference between an arts and a science PhD?
Do you know who painted this?
I am pursuing a degree in Biology Education, but I keep thinking I'd be happier as an art/music student. What should I do?
What universities have good art programs?
Why do some people not like paper cut artwork?
Do Indians value art at a considerable level, if not as much as the West does?
How can I find an art and painting mentor?
Who are some of the best fine art photography curators?
How did the art or technique of naming things arise or originate?
Is there anything I should know before getting a tattoo? What are things to consider before getting one?
What can I do to make sales on my artworks?
What are the most famous paintings by Lucy Culliton?
How many fine arts are there?
How would you describe your art style in one word?
What's the difference between successful modern painters and average unknown ones?
What do you consider sneaker art?
How much should I sell my art for, headshots and full body? I use copics and middle-quality paper, if that helps.
Is women's role in art fair?
When should you and should you not stick by the rules of an art style (e.g., photography) to create something new and amazing?
Why was Leonardo so attached to a particular work of art, the Mona Lisa?
What are the qualities of a good painting and photography?
What are some of the historical artworks we can't stop looking at?
If you had to live inside a painting forever, what painting would you choose?
How can my art be improved?
Are the bidding and final pricing for fine art manipulated by dealers at auction houses like Christie's, Sotheby's, Bonhams & Doyle?
Should you put different kinds of art on one Instagram page?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
What are some examples of realistic paintings from the Mughal era in India?
What are some simple yet powerful works of art?
How did Properzia de' Rossi impact the Renascence art style?
Why does my art always need to be symbolic of something?
If an artist creates an artwork critical of Trump (like in the details), does he necessarily feel that way, or just think he can sell the art?
In India, where can I sell old heritage paintings?
Is an oil or acrylic copy of a painting legal in the US?
Do you have a scientific explanation of that photo?
Is Michael Jackson the most famous artist of all time ever?
Why would you get a design at TheDigitalTattooShop.com?
Why is ridiculous art auctioned at a very high cost?
What piece of American art conveys the sense of progression towards optimism that Yaacov Agam’s ‘Pace of Time’ does?
Is buying a Van Gogh painting a good investment?
Which are the best places to learn professional paintings in Banglore?
Have you ever bought art supplies online? How was the experience?
What beautiful, creative art things can I make for the art mela in my college ?
What are some ways of painting contact paper?
What field should I choose in art?
Why do artists like to paint people naked?
What are the characteristics of Antonio Berni's paintings?
Is it true that the real Art Vandelay is an architect?
Is there a name for this style or subject in thangka painting? (https://i.imgur.com/LcdBHwc.jpg)
How do I evaluate the price of a painting by a little known artist but who has a unique style?
Why do people buy paintings for unbelievably huge amounts of money?
Are art/design jobs worth to apply for and what are the most recommended ones?
What is/are the best free site/s to make a website or a page for an online emerging artist's presentation? And which of my artwork should I put there?
What are some good examples of applied arts?
Does art need to have influence?
What types of art are Escape from New York and Army of Darkness movie posters?
Why do fine art photography prints cost thousands of dollars apiece? Do they often appreciate in value even if the artist is not world-famous?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
If I see an artist copying another artist should I let the one of them know?
Which group is the best arts college?
What does the art community think of photo realistic paintings?
Can art bring people closer to reality?
Are there any examples in the field of the arts, of people who started practicing an art form in their mid-30s and became famous?
Why are certain artists like Picasso, Monet, and Van Gogh world famous while other artists that produce amazing works of art today go unnoticed?
What are the forms, styles, and techniques of modern art?
What do you like about Renaissance art? What are your favorite art pieces from this era?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
Would you donate your self to the museum of plastic sculpture?
Is nail string portrait art patented?
What are Michael Frary's most important art works?
How do I become a foley artist?
What was the most depressing painting you have ever seen?
What are some paintings whose meanings are yet a mystery?
Who are the best artists on Quora?
Does selling your paintings online on various art selling sites help?
Will it be okay to choose painting in the fine arts as a career in these days? Many suggested that painting, as a career, is not appropriate these days.
Is it possible to switch from architecture to art? As I am not able to aspire my creative thoughts within architecture!
I want to create art but I'm too lazy to always work hard on my ideas. Can my art still be good, even if I don't put everything I have into it?
Is art worth paying decent money for, or at least a liveable wage for said artist?
How is it possible to turn yourself a good painter once again if you have just lost touch when growing up and specially when you had a deep interest in painting and drawing in the childhood, moreover if you were a great painter in those days?
Could everyone create art if everyone just understood what art is? Does understanding art make you an artist?
What are the best paintings made by children?
What is represented in Francisco de Goya's "The Colossus" painting?
Can anything done by a human being be considered art?
How can you tell if your paintings are good?
How do you make string knotting art?
What would you want a painting of?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
How can I create original artworks/ideas?
How do I get an internship as a sketch artist or painter in India?
Are there art sculptures that promote the exploration of their tactile qualities?
What does saturation mean in art?
From where I can self teach myself pencil portrait art?
Aside from Tabi, who are your favorite artists?
Where could I find a cross between a sculpture, conceptual art, and licensed toys?
Are there rules in making art?
Is the progress of a society sustained more by the science or the arts?
What do you think about my fourth oil painting from the Ennio Morricone series (see at the link below)?
Is there a difference in styles of a self-taught artist and a taught artist?
Does an artist need to explain his works?
What is meant by modern art?
Are there any music or art related engineering fields?
How can I be credible when writing about art history if I have no such degree?
Which is better, sketching or oil painting?
If the Mona Lisa was stolen and replaced with a fake, would the French government reveal that it is missing?
Do I have the potential as an artist?
Did people depict or use sex in the arts?
What does the arts council fund?
Is the paint good in China?
Is there a place in Delhi where I can find all of my painting supplies (watercolor tubes, brushes, watercolor paper, etc.)?
How do you explain the art of the Hoysala period?
Why is art sold in editions? Is there another school of thought that values mass production?
Do the wealthy have a greater appreciation for art?
Why are some terrible paintings so expensive?
What should I make my "Creative Project" about?
How much would you pay for my artwork?
What artwork is on the cover of Eric Evan's Domain-Driven Design book?
Can I use any polystyrene for sculptures?
Is the public representation of art superfluous and is what really matters the spiritual benefit derived from an artwork?
What is your review of Yes Painting?
How could I sell my paintings in Hyderabad, India?
If DeviantArt had its own art museum, what do you think it'd be like?
How do I paint a group portrait with 30-40 people?
Has conceptualism ruined the arts?
Has art benefited your life? How?
Has Harrisburg ever had an art movement?
Should I choose fine arts or liberal arts if I want to get in film business?
How is water color art different than pencil art?
What is observational drawing in art?
If artist-quality watercolor paints that are in the tubes are left out in a hot place, like on a boat traveling across the ocean, will the paint still be okay?
Where should I download the CBSE 12th fine arts book?
How much might a Joesam. painting from 1989 sell for?
What do you call a person who loves to make artwork and draw?
What is the most famous painting of Hell?
How is autistic art different from neurotypical art?
What are the main issues with your art career?
What is an example of German expressionism in art?
What is GitHub's Octocat sculpture made of, wood or clay?
Can any art work be called a bad art or ugly art?
What is artist creation process?
What are the most famous synthetic cubism paintings?
Why do you think some people have the drive to make art objects? Where do you think this comes from?
Does Azusa Pacific University have a good undergraduate visual arts program?
What are the best ways or channels to get art commissions?
Is art and love supposed to be painful?
Which university offers a course of fashion designing and fine arts in Uttarakhand?
What paint artists commonly use to make initial draft sketches (thin blue lines)?
What art technique is like a fusion between drawing and painting?
Is there any Picasso painting at the National Museum in Warsaw or the Muzeum Sztuki in Lodz in Poland?
What is Name Art?
Where can state-of-the-art papers be found?
Where in Delhi can I find artist-quality watercolors and brushes?
Which artist does some similar paintings like Pawel Kuczynski?
I am 13 and really enjoy art, but I would like to get a lot better than I am now. What advice do you have for me to improve my art?
Are memes a form of collage art with any historical value?
What kind of a sculptor is Vera Röhm? What does she use to make her art?
What are the characteristics of a work of art?
How many dimensions are there in the famous painting 'Mona Lisa'?
What are some good universities in Europe to get a Fine Arts degree?
How is the fine arts program at Parsons, NYC?
Why does almost all historical art of woman depict blushes?
How do you think Red Bull Doodle Art gets judged all around the world?
What are some of the best paintings of the world?
What are good reasons to buy art reproduction prints?
Is literature a form of art like painting or drawing?
What are some names of early artists or artworks containing a person with glasses worn on the face?
How is context important in art theory?
Do I need to clean old treated wood before painting it?
What do American comics readers think of the manga art style?
How do I convert traditional art to digital art?
What does atmospheric perspective mean in art?
Can science be an art?
How can new self-taught artists approach collectors and/or display their works in art galleries? How does one enter the circle of potential buyers?
What paintings are the most angry?
If communication is one of the elements of art, would a drawing I create without the intention of communicating not be art?
Are there any 3D sketch artists in Aurangabad?
What are some famous acrylic paintings that are easy to recreate?
Art is visual poetry. What does this mean to you?
Do painters generally know how to watercolor too?
How do art schools control the privacy of models in still life drawing, in these days of the internet?
When is Obama going to get an official painted portrait?
How does the Barnes Collection compare to Museum of Modern Art in New York, The National Gallery in Washington and The National Gallery in London?
How would you describe the Rajasthani school of miniature painting?
Is it worth it to be incorporated if you're an artist in Canada?
What does a Roto Artist actually do?
What are the benefits of selling your art with Spark?
What is the subject matter of pop art?
What is the story behind the horse relief sculptures on the Kunsthaus Zürich wall?
Who painted a naked Chris Evans holding the severed head of Donald Trump, with Hillary Clinton clinging to his leg?
What are some examples of imitationalism art?
What is considered good art, or quality art?
What are the requirements needed by the Indian people for e-bikes?
What kind of oil paintings are most sold?
Why do people feel that the arts are a low subject and students feel shy by saying they are in the arts?
If you could be an artist, would you still choose to become an arts administrator?
How much difficulty would the couple who modeled for Rodin's The Kiss have had? I've modeled before and some poses were tough enough solo.
Do perception shifts occur between traditional and digital artwork mediums?
Why do people steal art?
How did the art and architecture of India lost?
What makes the different types of Mexican art so special?
What can you fix/create using rope? Examples: "hot shoe camera handle," cable organizer, transporting large sheets of cardboard.
What do you call a person who loves to do artwork and drawings?
How can my art be more recognised on Paintcollar?
What is smudging in arts?
Can a fine arts student do business with an engineering student?
Is art dying with new media?
What are some artworks that I can study to improve my art?
What are some of Gabe Alberro best know art works?
What were some causes of the artistic boom?
What are the different types of Mexican art?
Why does representational art seem to be more popular?
Which things enforces an artist to have an inspiring work?
Why do I love pop art?
What makes something a work of art?
What have you learned from sculpture art in your life? I mean, what changed in regard to your character and your mental abilities after learning about sculpture?
What are some good private art classes in NYC?
What advice can you give an artist moving from painting into conceptual art, in terms of approaching galleries for the first time?
Why are some abstract paintings expensive? Some of them are easy to paint, regardless of the fact that they look ok?
Why is logic considered to be an art?
Why did Vincent van Gogh have a tragic life?
Who are some famous and successful bollowed artist in the west?
What was the first textbook of art appreciation?
Which countries value plastic art the most?
What are some ideas about 'overcrowded' to paint?
What is kantha art?
What are the art creations and history of Nandalal Bose?
What is painting in graphics?
What advantage do artists who have been drawing from a young age have compared to someone who picked up art a few years ago?
Should an emerging artist with few paintings have a website?
What is post-modern art?
How can I sell my paintings in Romania, considering I'm underaged?
What do I need to be a professional artist?
If you are a painter, how do you market your art?
How were the different types of Mexican art created?
How can art improve a business?
What is your favorite way to get ready to create art?
How much money do I charge and sell my art work for?
Can I varnish after 10 days of oil painting?
An expert pointed out that the contemporary art market is one of the only unregulated markets. Do you have any thoughts on the Miami Basel Art Fair?
How is it, overall, being an employee for Music & Arts?
Could comics be considered a valid form of art?
How hard does Chuck Close work on his art?
Will fan art be okay with Trump?
If my passions are art, music, photography and film, what should I do?
How can one donate works of art (worth US$ 500 - 1500) in a way that will guarantee they will be on public display?
How do you know which hand strokes draw certain lines in art?
Do you think that peoples' interest on art is fading away?
Would you post your asymmetrical paintings?
What are the different art techniques?
Do you consider sex as an art?
How can I depict diversity through drawing/painting?
Do I draw and sketch well for a beginner?
What is the most impressive architectural artwork of all times?
Which are the best contemporary art galleries or artist-run centers in China for emerging artists?
How would I learn how to best sell some original Southwestern art (oils on canvas) that have been in our family since 1986? Where is the best place to start?
Do you wish to be a good artist?
Do people buy portrait paintings?
Why do you think Leon Bing so enjoyed touching her tongue for a moment to a masterpiece painting in a Paris museum?
What are some of the good platforms for an artist/painter to become renowned in India?
Does art contain our future?
Which university has the most progressive fine arts program in India?
Is it possible to make Bob Ross paintings with acrylics on a dry canvas?
Is it sensible to be a fan of a writer, director, or musician (an artist) if that artist has been known or proven to be a despicable human being?
How can I find online genuine buyers for sketches and paintings in India?
How can people say art is as important as science, or even more important than science?
How would I make a 1980 living room theme about art?
I want a semi-realistic art style that can portray characters as charming or creepy/scary. Which style should I go for?
Why is Romero Britto’s art so expensive?
What is a good reason for creating assemblage art?
What kind of art do people want to buy?
Which are your best paintings?
Who is art expert in Quora?
How is David Pulphus’ painting unnecessarily offensive?
Who were the best painters?
Is it necessary to write 'about the artist' while describing a painting in the Fine Arts' (painting) CBSE board exam?
Is there an art portal in India where I can post artwork for free and get buyers?
Is art worth dying for?
How do I find the right art form to express myself with?
How do I reduce contrast when taking photos of paintings?
How do I know that my writing and artwork is any good?
What is the real meaning of an "art hoe"?
What kind of a sculptor is Vera Röhm? What are her arts made of?
How do I get my artwork to be recognized?
Can performance art be called so if the artist is not actively present in the artwork?
What are your thoughts on South African artist Ayanda Mabulu's painting of Mandela & Zuma?
What kind of Art and Crafts would you buy on-line?
What is the name of this painting of Sohrab Sepehri?
How did Edward Hopper make his paintings?
Why doesn’t the sculpture Thales of Miletus have eyes?
What kind of paintings do Chinese people like?
What is sand art quite interesting to know about it?
How do I prevent clay sculptures from shrinking and cracking?
What are the main costs to organize an art exhibition?
When drawing something, how does an artist decide where to begin?
Where can we post about a fine art exhibition to get buyers and traffic?
How's KADK (Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts)'s master’s program in Architecture?
Where can I hire fine arts students in Delhi NCR?
Were any of the family of Dutch Art Nouveau painter, Jan Toorop involved in the production of batik?
What are the characteristics of Mughal miniature painting?
Is it OK to consume art from a morally questionable artist?
Which institute is good for learning art and craft in Chandigarh?
How can I get my art to sell online? I just can't seem to get anyone to buy my prints.
How do I find myself (job) if I have some interest in literature, movie and generally in art?
What is the hard part in opening an art gallery?
Is watercolor the hardest painting medium to master?
What is the other way of writing "David was in awe of the Sculpture"?
Would AP Studio art be a good class to take if I want to get into graphic design/art direction?
Is there any app that can provide guidance for painting?
What makes an artwork untraditional?
Do you think that definitions as to what is art and what is not, are scams?
What is the most hilarious painting?
What is BFA applied arts?
What is phad painting?
Who painted the artwork in Michael Garibaldi's quarters on Babylon 5?
What are the best wall arts for houses?
What is the use of light in the late Renaissance paintings?
Should artists get paid for their work if they give out some art for free for exposure?
What are the difference between art film and commercial film?
What's the best platform to sell art?
Where do I find cheap paper to print artwork on?
Is local art diminishing?
What are the cliches in the criticism of contemporary art?
Where can I find cheap art supplies in Ahmedabad?
Can somebody be economist from arts or humanities?
Can I join NTRO if I have completed my graduation in Art?
Which are the best contemporary art galleries or artist-run center in Paris for emerging artists?
What is the name of this painting, for school?
Where can I buy original Phad painting online?
Which is a good place for a virtual art foundation course in Canada, VFS or Sheridan College?
Did David Pulphus's have the right to paint whatever he wanted for the congressional art competition?
What are the latest styles in painting?
As an artist what lengths did you go to finish a painting that eluded you?
How do I make a painting on aquatic life?
Is artistic creativity a sign of intelligence?
How could I make Neo-Pop art?
Why does Byzantine art look so similar to Islamic art?
How do I become a good art painter?
How do I get some funding for my brother who is an artist who don't have a computer to draw?
Would you share your art work on wood?
Could Vladimir Tretchikoff be considered a contemporary artist?
Tonight's sunset was more beautiful than the Mona Lisa. Where does such delicate and sublime art come from?
Do sketching relieves frustration and help you out with emotions? How do you feel after finishing your artwork?
What are the art elements and principles?
Why is photography a different art, as compared to taking video? Isn't video composed of many images that are more expressive?
What is so great about the painting "The Scream" By Edvard Munch?
What's your favorite art style/artist and why?
What is the structural learning curve for digital painting that worked for you?
Do you think it’s good to put your paintings on Instagram?
What influence does an artist’s character have on how we see their art?
Is there any virtual art course in India?
What type of ART should be suggested for an infertile couple? Why?
What are the career opportunities for a person who passed SSLC but is much more interested in drawing, painting and making creative art things?
How are walls painted in India?
What are ways that I can meet Art Spiegelman?
How do I draw something in Microsoft Paint?
How do manga artists draw if they have different styles?
What is the name of the fairy tale where an artist in a cave paints people and they somehow get trapped in the paintings?
Is it possible to have paintings exhibition in street in Berlin?
Why are actresses called demimondaines in the Victorian era? I thought it's connected to crime. What about “la Bohème” in English and starving artists?
What is so special about Picasso's art, other than doing things differently?
Which are some of the world's most expensive paintings, and why?
How do you describe the painting “Turkey Cock”?
Is there a reliable source online that evaluates the importance and relevance of art fairs all over the world?
Why aren't modern temples built with ancient art, architecture and sculptures?
Where can I find Tamiya X & XF paints and other Tamiya supplies in Dubai?
Which are the best photography art galleries for emerging artists around the world?
What was the artistic achievement of the painter Sahibdin?
How does tragedy contribute to an artist’s art?
What are the benefits if an artist or painter could paint equally well with both arms?
What is the difference between arthouse and art film?
Do you think that all art just expresses an idea?
What is the most expressive piece of art that you have ever seen?
What is Chola bronze art?
What proportion of human art models in Renaissance art were either dead, sex workers, or dead sex workers?
What is the significance of the 1 9 6 8 spray-painted on some French cityscapes?
Does a museum that displays a famous painting control the intellectual property associated with that painting?
In which period did Mughal art progress?
What is the best brand of synthetic paint brushes for a student level watercolor painter?
Can I pursue fine arts in college without doing any in school?
In what period of life has your interest in art been the strongest or the most determinative?
How did Alexander Calder become an artist?
What is art theory, and what is art concept?
Is it possible for you to like a piece of art but not want it hung in your home?
Is there any scope in art?
What is the form and content of Indian monolithic sculptures?
How can I prepare for the DOA, Maharashtra? What do I need to study?
Why would the UK subsidize video games (an economically successful industry) at a time when they cut subsidy to art galleries and the performing arts?
How has MF Hussain contributed to the field of art?
What is the difference between the volume of a solid and DFT in painting?
Where can I find a dataset about visual art?
Is there a place where I can buy sketches/doodles by artists?
What was the most unusual painting that you have ever seen in your life?
Can you share your amazing art work (I love to see all the different art styles)?
What are the veryTamil 'things/art/culture' which are projected/claimed to be of others?
Is there an aesthetic quality to pornography as a medium or is it always dulling and time wasting?
What is your favorite historical pieces of art?
How many art galleries are there in the US?
What are the differences between the way Bob Ross teaches and the techniques you would learn at an art school?
How is it to do a master’s in art conservation after architecture?
How do you choose wood frames for canvas paintings?
What makes an artist remarkable?
Where can I find more art like this?
What is the cubist painting in Countess Told’s residence in the film Dr. Mabuse, the Gambler?
Can we do a crash course in fine arts?
What is the importance of German expressionism in art?
What is the difference between 'imprisonment or fine or both' and 'imprisonment and fine'?
Is Andrea Sacchi a big artist? How much are his paintings worth?
Who are some famous painters of Haitian descent?
Which is to you the most terrifying scene in art (paints, books, films or poetry)?
Where can I get personalised paintings and caricatures in Kerala?
What you think about the painting of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo?
Are there any free lessons to learn about color in illustration?
What are the uses of original hand-paintings when one can buy the printed ones which are cheaper?
Do arts streams have any market value?
Who is your favorite renaissance artist (painter, sculptor, musician or writer)?
Can I make a living through my art?
What are some criteria art collectors consider when purchasing contemporary photography pieces?
How do I take my art to the next level?
How do I get advice on my painting?
What are the best paintings about optimism?
What is the total valuation of Vatican's art collection?
How do you structure your knowledge about artwork, artists, and historic artifacts?
What are some famous silhouette artists?
What are some examples of public art created with nanotechnology?
What anime related art have you created that your proud of?
What's the best university to go to study art/design and technology?
How can I know about each and every art forms in brief?
Can an artist become an animator?
Can anyone learn how to paint with watercolor? Or do I have to be a true artist?
Should I get stoned and go to the art museum?
What is the value of the Mona Lisa painting?
What do you think about my fifth fine art artwork - a drawing that I’m posting here (see at the link below)?
How much is the van Gogh painting Almond Blossoms worth?
Why are great artists usually not famous?
What are the best seats in Segerstrom Center of the Arts to see a musical?
What are examples of famous horse paintings?
Is there a group for fine art in Bhopal?
Do you like the effect of digital simulation of traditional painting?
Where is the Mona Lisa painting?
How did the Company School of painting influence modern Indian art?
Where can I contribute my art skills and get paid?
Are art prints from Fine Art America considered giclee or digital prints?
What' your favorite body art?
In the art market, is dealing/trading at the top end more profitable than the mid-segment?
What does mathematics mean in bachelor of art?
How would you rate the importance vs. the difficulty (also rarity) and intensity of experience for the value in art?
How do you precisely hang an art exhibit made of many pieces of art in a gallery? Are there any shortcuts?
Where can one look for fine arts jobs and post-art jobs in India?
How do paintings become so valuable?
What material should I use to make a light sculpture?
Can I add turpentine to Dammar varnish for oil painting?
What do you think of Comme des Garcons mastermind Rei Kawakubo?
What is a painting called that attaches physical objects, like feathers and sticks, instead of applying paint?
Is there any requirement for technological assistance while studying fashion designing and fine arts?
What is a famous piece of art with an amazing story behind it?
What are some examples for 'useless' modern arts?
Why do we enjoy creating art?
What are the feminine artist groups? Can you explain using examples?
What are your mainly concerned factors while buying oil paintings online?
What are paintings drawn on clothes known as?
Which place is better for a bachelor’s in fine arts, Dubai or Singapore?
How can I improve my art and craft skills?
What is the difference between solvent-based paint and water-based paint? What are the advantages of both of the types?
How are the visual arts different from other forms of art in education?
Can I sell my same artwork on GraphicRiver & iStock or different sites?
Where can I find a detailed history behind various famous sculptures or paintings, like the ones inside the Louvre?
Does the White House really have a Monet painting?
What kind of people like expressionistic art?
Isn’t civil engineering physics turned into art?
What elements are present in agrarian art?
How do I have a good career as an artist?
Is there an artist who only paints for comics?
Can I paint deceased celebrities’ portraits for display of my talent and not for selling? I am wanting people to see my talent that they can recognize so I can get orders to paint their portraits.
What is the meaning of the story painted in a Phad painting?
How do I achieve a distinction in art and design level 3?
How can I be a pro hand lettering artist?
Where can I sell my cycling related art on the internet?
Are there are painters, nowadays, that can paint in a renaissance style?
Is there a platform in India where one can sell his paintings and earn money?
How do I make an interesting painting?
How do lovers of contemporary art respond when people insult your art?
What does it mean to ask how art is organized?
How is logistics an art? Why would you consider it a science?
How can I measure visual appeal of photograph, picture, painting or a social content?
Can you comment on the relevance of Kalighat style of painting?
Is there anything a buyer can learn about a piece of art from the auction tag?
Where is the best place to study fine arts in Indonesia?
In what ways do still-life paintings convey a vanitas theme?
Why do you think there are there so few women artists featured in art history textbooks, collected in art museums or sold in galleries, and such a low percentage of women writers listed in top 100 literary categories?
Should abstract art that doesn't represent anything be considered art at all?
Does the quality of an artist's website factor into gallery owners’ decision to show that artist at your gallery? Yes or no, and why?
What's the difference between a makeup artist and a beautician?
I'm having trouble keeping my watercolors from blurring into one another how do I keep them distinct?
How do you recognise "good" art?
Why does Egyptian art seem alien whereas Greek/Roman art and architecture seem familiar?
What’s the difference between the Chinese and Japanese art painting?
Why is African art considered primitive?
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
I think I’m a good artist, but nobody is buying my representational watercolor/mixed media art. What can I do to sell my art?
Can you share some of your best Photoshop collage artwork?
How do I wash brushes used for oil painting?
What is the line art element?
What city has the most art galleries?
My artistic expression is such a cliche, how do I become better?
How can I make my home more cozy, classic and elegant (such as by having flowers, mirrors and paintings)?
What are the main artistic characteristics of Chola art?
Is arts a good stream? And tell me the jobs in arts?
Is management an art?
What's the origin of William James's quote, “The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook”?
What type of painting or artwork is Madonna of the Chair?
Can I opt for a bachelor in fine arts with photography through the UCEED entrance exam?
How can I sell my paintings in Pakistan?
How do I paint Baleno alloys black?
Would anyone like to share their experience as a painting artist or as a traveler that would inspire a beginner?
What piece of art is the most comical?
What work of art evokes a sense of awe in you?
What is an abstract painting?
What is Byzantine art famous for?
If you could only visit one art museum in Paris, which would you choose?
Can art be used to prove that “unrealistic” body dysmorphia is not borne from a sensory disorder but from an aging disorder?
How can you make your painting (portrait) fireproof?
Should I go to an art center?
How can I improve my cartoony looking art?
Where can I get solved model sample papers for fine arts painting class 12th?
Why does art that is just one color with a line through it sell for millions?
If art imitates life, what if life imitates art? Could JFK be the “reverse psychology” of Alice in Wonderland?
What is the most expensive painting sold in private auction?
What artists create paintings of night life?
What is the future of art in your opinion?
What are the advantages of painting stepping stones?
Why is Mona Lisa art, and not that graffiti in the neighbor’s wall?
How do I get over that everyone (in art profession/student//hobbyist) is better than me at drawing?
What are some (preferably famous) artists that has original characters of their own?
Who is the hottest artist in Cleveland?
What are some famous pottery artists?
What other artwork goes with Patrick Nagel’s art in a 1980s grown-up bedroom?
Why do artists play the 'expression' card when their art is ugly?
What should I use in my bedroom, instead of fashion art prints? I'm not into fashion.
How much does a font cost for commercial use on album artwork or single artwork?
What did your older art look like compared to your newer art, and how do you feel you've improved over the years?
When and why did art become subjective in interpretation?
What art print could complement advertisements used as wall decor?
Regarding professional photography, how can I find an agent?
What is a theme in art?
Why is contemporary art so degenerate?
Which category on Craigslist can you find artist instructional DVDs on painting for sale?
Other than Patrick Nagel art, what other art was on the walls in an 80s bedroom?
Where can someone find a buyer for highly collectible art?
What is an artist who draws what they see called?
How can I show you my painting for feedback?
Why does the Mona Lisa have different horizons?
What is the best way to get my 2D art into an art show without being 'voted' in?
When should I buy paints of a better quality?
Where can I sell scifi art offline?
What are the most important factors to consider when choosing where to buy affordable art online?
What are some different types of artistic agencies in and around Maharashtra?
Are there any watercolor painters/artists in Bangalore who would make a customized portrait like the one below?
Is it OK to sell paintings that look exactly like famous ones?
Can art exist with propaganda?
Are there any sites with poses for quick art sketches?
How can I submit my work to art critics?
What are the definitions of the 7 elements of art?
Is my photo's file size large enough for a 6x6 inch art print?
What do you call the action of painting ugly, fat lines over an existing painting? I’m looking for something more specific than 'I destroyed/spoiled the painting'.
Are there any good books on what is art and extracting meaning from art? I am looking for insightful and fundamental works?
When should I expect an admission reply for a master’s course from The Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts? They received my application on the 26th of February 2017.
What material is best for an undersketch of an oil painting? Pencil seems to muddy my lighter colors.
Who can help me identify this art piece? it's done on a camel hair canvas
Can we use poster colours for glass painting?
Do you need to know how to draw to start painting?
Where is the best place in Germany to open art gallery?
How do contemporary artists get paid?
Which university should I study at if I want to study Fine Arts in Taiwan?
What are the best combinations to be taken in arts subject?
How do I do a painting?
What makes Jasper John's paintings so unique?
How does cinema influence your work as a painter?
In what ways can you describe art?
Do you need a license to conduct an art auction?
Was Surrealism misogynistic?
What's the difference between "bribe" and "fine"?
What is a good analysis of the painting "Oath of the Horatii" by Jacques-Louis David?
Why are imaginations essential to have creativity in your art?
What's the most important art form of the 20th Century?
Should I pursue art or not?
What is an average mat width for a 10" x 10" or 11" x 14" portrait drawing?
When and how should I start to make my art portfolio?
How can I get inexpensive art for my apartment?
How did cubism help lay the foundation for abstract art?
Is there a good website where I can post artwork besides Deviantart?
What are the characteristics of art house movies?
Can you do anything in art (like environmental or fashion design) with just a BFA in Studio art?
How did Van Gogh impact the 20th century?
What is the meaning of hungry artist?
Completed B.E. (instrumentation), but have passion for fine arts and drawing. Can any short certification courses help me build career in fine arts?
How can I find photographer for my artwork? My name is Naz Smyth.
Which pentab should be better to buy for digital painting?
What kind of art goes with Patrick Nagel’s artwork in an 80's bedroom for a single male?
What are benefits of posting your paintings online?
Which universities should I consider for PhD in painting for my cousin?
What kind of artwork could go with Patrick Nagel art in a 1980s single adult male's bedroom?
What are some great masterpiece painting and their hidden secrets?
Should inappropriate art (such as the new Emmett Till painting) be censored?
How does/would one feel at seeing a piece of art, for example a larger-than-life portrait, in a gallery or publication without having given consent?
How can I dress like an artist that draws human anatomies?
How do artists express their emotions through art?
How do the forces of trade, commerce, and rule affect the art and architecture?
What were the negative impacts of surrealism?
What kind of drawing or painting you may start with when you are a senior and don't have so much time in front of you?
What do you think about my second fine art artwork (an oil painting) from the Ennio Morricone series that I’m posting here?
Where can I buy Cuban art?
What do you think about my paintings (especially the ones with planets)?
Which one is better option graphic engineering or fine art?
Why isn’t there any award for paintings?
What are some of the famous paintings of ballerinas or ballet-themed?
Do you think children must learn folk art and craft in schools?
How can someone learn digital art?
My daughter wants to pursue her degree course in fine arts from Kala Bhawan, Shanti Niketan, West Bengal. Is this a good institution for her purpose?
Which are the best online art galleries where I can sell my art (paintings)?
Who is the angel in the painting of Joan of Arc by George William Joy?
Will there be more art events in India like India Art Summit and Kochi-Muziris Biennale?
How can I contact an artist such as Jim Sanborn if I want to ask him some questions related to his artwork?
What is the best sugar art you have seen?
What are the common topics asked in fine arts board exam class 12?
What is landscape in art?
What is the relationship between art and morality?
How much does Cupick and Paintcollar-like marketplace pay artists? And is an artist independent to showcase his art on other marketplaces?
Who are the big names of the contemporary art scene today?
Why is anarchy so attractive in art and culture?
How do I sell bullshit art for tons of money?
Did you ever experience grief when witnessing/hearing about the destruction of a piece of art?
What are the differences between the Fine Arts Department of UCLA and of UCSB?
What do you think is lacking in terms of Art and the interaction of Art with people (the community)?
How can I become a self-taught artist (painter)?
What bedroom art goes with art prints of dandelions?
How does one paint on a sculpture made of polyester resin?
How does one create a good art potfolio for university?
What is the most economic yet safe way of shipping pencil sketches and canvas paintings that are not framed?
What is the most elaborate and, or largest, ice sculpture ever created?
What can be done, if anything, to encourage more appreciation of the arts and less catering to the LCD for the sake of box office receipts?
Are some objects in the background of Gerlach Flicke's portrait of Thomas Cranmer symbols? What could be their meaning?
How come billionaires spend so much money on a useless piece of “art" also known as paint work?
Why do you consider art, or paintings, useless, despite all the evidence to the contrary?
If you printed a digital painting on an ink jet printer, would the result be a watercolor painting?
What is the best way to have a Jackson Pollock painting authenticated?
How can you differentiate among various forms of art, such as impressionism, surrealism, etc.?
What are some of the famous contemporary paintings?
What art was on the walls, other than Patrick Nagel’s art, in a single male's bedroom back in the 80s?
Is the visual arts market valued on bubbles?
Can art help in understanding culturally responsive mathematics? How?
Why do you think artists should be appreciated more/not get ridiculed for already having cheap prices for their artwork?
What make arts and music unique?
What kind of paper should Chinese landscape art (山水）be painted on?
Should I take fine arts as a main subject with PCB in 11 and 12?
Politics as an academic discipline is more of an art than science discuss this assertion?
How did prehistoric artists use lines in their paintings and drawings?
What is the best way to sell customisable art online?
What is the pattern of entrance exam for fine arts?
Who is the only painter in the world who paints on water and is alive now?
What's Leonardo Da Vinci's message in his drawing of five grotesque heads?
What inspired Picasso African art?
What works of art have a philosophic interest?
Why did Vincent van Gogh commit suicide?
How does art benefit our life?
How can we use art to show what we think?
Since we are all our own worst critic, would it be a bad idea to design my own tattoo?
What are the most beautiful works of art ever created?
What is Chaucer’s art of charaterization?
In what way(s) can artistic expression and movements inspire/spur change in a society?
Is there any amazing painting apart from the Mona Lisa?
What artwork goes with Patrick Nagel art, in an 80s bedroom?
These are some paintings from Dekunobu Kizakura. What do you think of them?
Where can I post my artwork for free?
What does"boheme" mean in English? I thought it means artists who usually starved. Were female artists respectable?
Are there any other sites like Freelancer.com which is purposely meant for drawing/painting?
What are the skills or art forms that fascinates you?
How come a black square is important art work?
Regarding iconoclasm in art, which is worse, annihilation or partial destruction?
To what extent can art be considered an efficient way to convey a message?
How does latte art work?
Who gets to decide the meaning of a piece of art?
Who painted this oil on canvas portrait?
What kind of wall art do American people like?
Is Anish Kapoor's massive sculpture "Marsyas" on display anywhere?
How is it being an artist for a living? Why should an artist not work for free?
How has technology impacted art?
Is there some postgraduate course where we can learn to tell stories through different art forms, like dance, photography, drawings, etc.?
How do artists create assemblage sculptures?
In art, is there a relationship?
What's the best city to live in Germany for art students?
Do you need to be good at drawing or painting to learn printmaking?
If I program an artwork for someone else should I have my name on it? The artist just has the idea and I do the work.
What do we gain from drawing, sketching, and painting?
What makes a good title for an artwork?
How is applied art different from painting?
Isn't it difficult to give away your most beautiful paintings?
How are vice and corruption depicted in Western art?
Can anyone identify this portrait or know who may have painted it?
What makes some paintings special and their artists popular?
Why does body art vastly impact personal opinion?
How can you describe the different types of fine arts?
What artist painted this?
Why are there so many squirrels in eighteenth-century English paintings?
Can I sell my art made from references taken from the internet?
What do you think about my third fine art artwork I’m posting here (see the link below)?
How do I pursue painting as a career without having art as a subject in Class 12, in India?
Which one is important, either art or science, and why?
Why should we integrate math and art?
What makes certain paintings more renowned than others?
What were the most revolutionary art movements?
Where can I go to check some samples of bad art?
Should I become an artist? Attached is a painting I did last year at age 15.
What is expected from a portfolio when applying to study Information Experience Design at Royal College of Art?
What are some unique ways of painting?
How does morality affects art?
What can I do to get better at language arts?
How did Surrealism affect politics?
How do I find the distance from a painting that gives the largest viewing angle for a 0.75 cm painting that is 1.2 m above eye level?
Have you ever been so moved by a piece of art that it changed your life?
How important is a focal point in a painting?
Is there any meaning in modern art?
What’s the best art by Araki Hirohiko?
Is art a commercial commodity?
What other wall art goes with art prints of dandelions?
Why do Rembrandt paintings look dark and gloomy in comparison to Renaissance art?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Hyderabad?
How good is an MA in Contemporary Art from Sotheby's Institute of Art? Is it worth the huge investment of money and time?
What is David Hockney referring to in his artwork when he paints "My brother was only 17"?
What do you think about my fine art artwork (at the link below)?
Who are some rising or well established female artists in Utah that I could touch base with or follow?
Why couldn't surrealism become popular in the USSR?
What art or design exhibition has had the strongest effect on you?
What kind of art can you make using pine resin?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Ahmedabad?
What do you wish you would have learned in art school?
What is “Pragyaparamita”, and what is its significance in art?
What are the three subschools of the Rajasthani school of miniature painting?
Why are good artists bad at sports?
Why do artists paint people naked?
Can a series of art be mixed media?
Which other artists draw like William Blake?
Do we get Torrents for Sagar Arts' Krishna?
Where can I buy crafts and glass painting items in Velachery?
Can you post any of your accidental art works?
Where are the art galleries in Hyderabad?
What is the best school for art education?
What are artists experimenting in now?
How can I sell my drawings or paintings online, i.e as an online business?
How would I make artwork influenced by Club Libby Lu?
What is special about the Mona Lisa painting?
What is the style of Hundertwasser's artwork?
What are some good ideas for painting stepping stones?
What is the name of the music video in which a man cries while painting a painting?
How long would it have taken to create the sculpture The Pieta?
How do I paint a gallery to make it look awesome?
Can you share how much improvement you've made in digital art with an example?
Which modern artists use calligraphy in their paintings?
Should I major in art, astrophysics or aerospace engineering?
Where can I find an art work of Jan Vormann in Berlin?
What is the most beautiful painting of the Crucifixion?
What is the scope of Bachelor of Fine Arts?
What are the characteristics of Frederick D. Ogden's paintings?
Do any of the existentialist philosophers relate to "Landscape with the fall of Icarus" painting?
How does one become a famous artist?
Does painting an article by neon paint is manufacturing?
What is more important in painting: technique or what it transmits?
Who are the sportsmen who epitomise the concept of an artist, i.e. who play their respective games in such a way that it seems like art?
What are some characteristics of Hundertwasser's artwork?
When does art become wrong? When does it cross the border between art and dangerous?
What if life really did start imitating modern art?
What is the most beautiful painting or art you have ever seen?
What's the difference between bribe and fine?
How can I learn to think about art the way that great art critics do?
In what way are Van Gogh's works similar to the painting "Portrait of Vicente Nubiola", and which works specifically are similar?
How can I undestand applied art?
Why is postmodern/conceptual art so respected in the art world, when it is so devoid of talent and meaning?
How and where can I show my paintings in an exhibition?
Which subject is needed in the 11th class and in the 12th class in India in order to do a bachelor’s of fine arts in animation?
What is the purpose of scale and proportion in art?
What is conceptual landscape painting?
What's the best city in Germany to study art?
How hard is GRE for an art student?
In your opinion, what’s the best piece of art?
What's important when painting a portrait?
What are some examples of historical artworks (not images) that depict infinity as an abstraction or narrative?
Which one to choose for a fine arts degree, the Cooper Union are the Art Center?
Who are the main players in the art world?
Where can I get replica paintings?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Scream" by Pablo Picasso?
What are some quotes/ excerpts that can relate to a piece of artwork?
Any leads for art gallery jobs in Delhi?
Do artists only learn from their artwork what they intended when creating it?
What is an example of a piece of text (book excerpt, song lyric, quote, poem, etc.), that relates to a piece of artwork?
How can I create an artistic representation of the noumenal and phenomenological world according to Kant?
What should I choose, music or art (painting)?
How can I learn painting myself?
Do you have to think to enjoy art?
How do I get started to be part of subculture of art hoes?
Why does my father not appreciate art?
What are some books/essays/articles/etc. on the relationship between Edward Hopper's art and the cinema that you'd recommend?
What parts of Neil Gaiman's "Make Good Art" speech are helpful for non-artists, and how?
How would I make art influenced by Lisa Frank?
How has Rafael Araujo drawn his butterfly series paintings?
What paint do I use for wall paintings?
Has anyone ever used knitting to create works of art that are museum worthy?
Where can I show my painting and crafts in exhibition? Are there any contests?
Do art connoisseurs and art critics need to be good artists themselves to be taken seriously?
What advice would you give for someone wanting to sell their photography?
What art style is this and what technique was used to create it?
Why are artists so troubled?
Why aren't there really art movements anymore?
How can I perform better in Arts examination?
How many paintings did Watteau paint?
Why is Guernica monochromatic?
Can machines for real purposes, like aircraft or cars, be considered as art?
My first oil painting is completed, how is it?
How can I make art from waste pens?
How can I pursue both science and arts?
Who are the best artists who take art classes in Chennai Egmore?
What is an abstract fine art photograph that you like?
What is the relationship between painting and movies?
Should an undiscovered artist with a unique style post their paintings on the internet, or reserve them for gallery-eyes only?
What would be the ultimate Vincent Van Gogh to find in my attic?
Should a skilled, undiscovered artist post their art on the internet or reserve their art for potential gallery eyes only?
Why did curators agree to let artists like Chris Burden perform such dangerous art? Would such performance art be possible today?
What does Pierre Soulages think of Vantablack?
What is the difference between an Art Director and a Digital Art Director?
How would I make whimsical pop art?
What's the best website to post your art?
How is "Taste" in art developed?
What is the economic value of the arts?
What are the three main categories of art?
Can 2 paintings be compared?
How can I make money through my art, painting and drawing skills?
Is a fine arts student able to become an automobile designer? What is the eligibility criteria for that?
Are drawings considered folk art or fine art?
How can I find a painting collector who would buy my painting?
Which type of paintings are mostly sold in Indian houses?
What style of art does Leonardo da Vinci do?
How can I apply Math in the arts?
Can learning the fine arts make one's mind and heart pure?
Do you think people can accept the strange 3D Modern Art right now?
How does one start creating artwork?
Art imitates life or vice versa? What are your thoughts?
Who were the earliest artists making prints?
Are the visual arts considered an industry? What would be the best word to refer to them?
What is the difference between a science and an art? For example, business is not a science but an art.
How do I prepare properly for fine arts in MSU Baroda? What kinds of topics are gonna come on the exam?
Are there real jobs in the concept art industry?
Is a good life an art or a science?
How was today's ISC Fine arts paper 2017?
What is a good score in 12 Arts?
I paint after looking at other artist's on Instagram. Can I call it original?
Can you name a museum activity that helped you engage with the art work?
What are some famous visual artists?
Should you split in two brands if you try to balance commercial and fine art photography?
What does an art holiday mean?
What are the best contemporary painting that made the world like?
Which artist draws/paints not so well but is popular or able to sell their art?
What’s the best way to answer someone who feels the arts are frivolous and unimportant and should not receive government funding? PS: I am an artist.
What advantages did contemporary artist Shitz Popinov have?
What is an example of a piece of text and piece of artwork that share a similar theme/ meaning?
How do you overcome the fear of drawing?
Is Krita a good painting freeware?
What are some habits of an artist? How do they get those kinds of thoughts?
Who can give me orders for custom made paintings and portraits?
What is the difference between ''art for art's sake'' and ''art for life's sake''?
How can I convince my art teacher to let me take AP Art?
Where do I get really large format art canvases?
When is a game considered art?
How would I do my own pop art and take it to a new level?
What can l do after taking arts?
Can you name paintings that have had different meanings in different parts?
What should I give name to my painting?
Is a diss track artistic expression?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
Are prints considered fine art or graphic arts?
NYC storage hack? I'm being kicked out of my current art studio - is there an affordable art storage solution I'm not thinking of?
How do I apply for Maharaja Sayajirao University for fine arts?
What percentage of the Louvre's art collection has been acquired through spoils, thefts and treaties?
How can I do an art collaboration with both traditional and digital art?
Is fine art photography important to the interior design world?
What are some tips when painting or etching glass?
What is the meaning behind Frida Kahlo's "Little Deer" painting?
What jobs are there for people who like art but aren’t artists?
How important are the eight principles of art?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used a reference photo for them?
How can I get fine arts MSU Baroda entrance exam paper?
How do I gain knowledge about art like paintings, designs etc.?
What art print could complement my mineralogy poster?
My first art exhibition's name is "A Sunflower's World". What kind of poster should I make?
What do you think about Illustration at Ringling College of Art and Design?
I have made many canvas paintings. How can I sell them?
Can you apply the elements and principles of design to art?
Which pays less, a music career or a fine arts career?
What paintings did van Gogh paint in the asylum?
How did you start making good money selling your art and make it into a career?
If you had to paint a picture to describe the word "Menagerie", what would you paint?
How do you decide which art is worth buying?
Which artist’s signature is this on an oil painting?
Why do people love opera (as an art form)?
How do I identify a piece of art I saw in the movie “This is 40”?
How do I talk with an Artist?
Does your percentage in class 12th reflect in getting admission for a Bachelor’s in Fine Arts?
What should I hang in my bedroom instead of fashion art prints?
Why steal a collection of paintings only to ransom them back to the owners?
What's it like majoring in a STEAM field (STEM + Art)?
What does the melting clock represent in Salvador Dali's famous painting called "The Persistence of Memory"?
How did advances in paper making affect the art of printmaking?
Did Denisovans create sculpture, art or music?
How do I become a great visual artist?
Are Ajanta Paintings Mural or Fresco?
Who are the most highly regarded Ukiyo-e artists?
How much is a van Gogh painting worth?
Has modern art become more about being freakish and sensationalistic instead of being creative and original?
What are some flea market art subjects that are not just fashion? I need something else with flowers.
Why are old and ugly paintings so expensive?
What are the most interesting pieces of art about WW2?
Are there any good books to read to master the art of influencing people?
How do I make my art curating Instagram well known?
How can I protect my art work?
I'm visiting Barcelona on an art course for 2 weeks in summer. What are some recommendations on things to see, restaurants &amp; anything art related?
How does music differ from the other arts?
Are original handmade lithographs as good as paintings?
How common is it for successful artists to start with a specific idea for a piece, and then come up with the concept/meaning afterwards?
Why modern paintings are more popular then realistic paintings?
Why do some painters begin a painting with a monochrome sketch using a vibrant or odd color usually not in the finished painting?
Are sitcoms considered art?
What are professors at Cooper Union like?
I have my first art show at a gallery. What are some great tips for hanging attractively and professionally?
What was usually represented in cave art paintings?
Were there any famous artists who also made prints?
What is the most famous historical sculpture made using casting technique?
What four-year colleges have the best art departments?
What kind of art style is this (digital painting)?
Which are the most beautiful acrylic paintings, and who is the artist?
How can I give better feedback to other artists?
Who is your favorite artist and why does the art move you?
Which field earns a lot of money, law, engineering, or the fine arts?
How has David Hockney's art work influenced modern culture?
What is the status of Buddhist art and architecture in the present day at a global level?
What are some websites where artists will critique submitted drawings?
Is creating non tangible chalk art (for a festival) non-taxable in California?
Why was Leonardo da Vinci's art grotesque?
How do I sell my non-original artworks? How do I find buyers for them?
What's the small abstract art exhibit that is 1 painting in a museum with solid colors (black, I think) that is large (maybe painted on the walls) that people say is very moving?
How does one buy good quality posters of fine art work in the U.S.?
What are some examples of your own artwork?
What artwork symbolizes negativity the most?
Has the measure of beauty shifted from the classical age of art? How?
What are the arts?
How can I know the value and the painter of a painting?
Where can I shop for abstract photography online as a newbie to the art?
What is the coolest artwork you have done?
What's a good way to sell moderately priced art?
Does art need confession?
How do I make wrinkles(cheek pores and minute details) in my graphite portrait, as it increases the realism and takes the work to the next level?
What inspires Chidi Okoye's paintings?
Can I use a famous painting as a reference for my own and sell it?
What are the benefits of finger painting?
Why can the artist live in the desert but the artisan does not?
What is the message of the Mona Lisa?
What kind of material is used in Cycladic art to paint walls?
As an artist, how do you decline someone when they ask for a drawing for them?
What are some of the best paintings of Buddha?
What are examples of rebellious art movements?
What are some exercises to improve drawing speed?
Art: what are good responses to the "I could do that" criticism?
What characteristics define the different art mediums?
Can anything be art if we accept modern art?
How do I get into art?
Who are the most important painters of all time?
Is there any book for understanding Art Law for collectors and gallery owners?
How does Art Advisory work?
How long should it take me to finish an art and design portfolio for college admissions?
What happens when public funding is removed for the arts and culture?
What should I draw for my teacher on her birthday? It's tomorrow.
What kind of wagon is depicted in Constable's painting "Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows"?
Who is the fastest at math, Indians or Americans?
What is Madhubani painting?
Is there a technical theater art course in Unilorin?
How do I make whimsical art?
What styles of painting do US people like?
Where can I find high quality prints of abstract art?
Is there any suitable and reliable websites or application for selling my photographs and paintings?
How much do large scale interactive art installations cost to create and run?
What are some of the most recognizable paintings?
What are the most valuable art pieces or historical pieces or painting?
Why would art thieves be without a sell-on strategy?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used reference photos to make them?
Can I varnish colored pencil art?
Is there a special name for the Hindu art with all the interconnecting layers of visual and spiritual information?
Where can I find music for an Art exhibition?
Is a world without art and music or one without science worse?
In the artist alley at anime Conventions, why are artist allowed to sell artwork based on copyrighted material?
Is there another way to make a silicone mold of a figure?
Is it worth it to go to art school?
What is creative art in communities where Galamsey operations are rampant?
Who are the most famous painters of all time, with their work (images) available online?
Is bud pruning important in the art of bonsai?
Can two art forms be compared? Can two artists from the same genre be compared to say who is better?
What are the different types of mediums used in art?
What is the earliest still life painting on canvas depicting cheese?
What is the meaning behind baby angel paintings?
What are the best seats for viewing a performance at caldwell fine arts?
Which is the best option, humanities or agriculture?
Which song track was playing while Vilas Nayak painted The Joker painting?
Should art be considered a dangerous form of self-expression?
Are there legal complications in creating humorous 3-D figurines of famous artists, politicians, etc., and selling them as unique art pieces?
What are the characteristics of Salvador Dali's painting style?
As a photographer, what do you do mostly? Weddings, baby, family or animals, or maybe fine art still life?
Is it worthwhile to do painting classes?
What if an artist/designer become a president?
If an employee of an art gallery accidentally breaks a piece of art which was not secured properly, do they pay for this?
Why is art considered haram? Or what kind of art is considered haram?
Are some people only able to appreciate art after being exposed to a sufficiently high number of training examples of art?
Who are some of the well-known artists who had a very difficult past, such as Yayoi Kusama and Van Gogh? (List a few.)
Does percentage play a role in getting admission to Delhi School of Fine Arts? Or will they assess just your drawing and techniques?
Is Jazz a postmodern art form?
How much can a sculptor earn in India? Will being a sculpture artist as a career be good for me?
What are your most beautiful pieces of art?
What art prints should I use in my bedroom instead of fashion that could go with flowers?
What is the concept of the gaze in art?
What according to you is the most useless form of art?
Would a series on art around Melbourne be a valuable addition to my blog?
What are the good shops to buy art and craft supply in Bombay?
What paint or colour was used by picasso in the painting roaster?
What do you look for when buying art?
Is nudity a form of art?
Are there any 1-2 year fine art painting schools,apprenticeships, or programs available in the US?
How good am I at art?
How can I brighten up my digital painting?
Why do most of the painters choose to do scenery drawings?
What are some examples of Roman art in the modern day?
Where is the ‘Möte’ sculpture by Willy Gordon now? It was in Östermalmstorg.
Is it necessary to draw a graph for a complicated, realistic oil painting?
Were there any smiles (with teeth) in painting history?
What is the relevance of the amorous sculptures in the Surya Mandir of Konark?
Where can I know about the upcoming art events in Kolkata?
Who are some of the best-known printmaker artists?
How do people understand images of women in paintings?
Which fine art stream is best in India for stable future and good income?
What is an example of a piece of text and a painting that share similar themes?
What is the value of art?
How can I get a chipped oil painting repaired?
Are Thomas Kinkade’s paintings a reflection of reality or is reality a reflection of Thomas Kinkade?
What is a vivid explanation of the role of expressive art in teaching early education?
How can I write a good art evaluation?
What is the best source to find art consultants?
What are the best interactive art exhibitions website?
How were the eight principles of art created?
Where can I find traditional artist in Texas?
How do you sell an old oil painting? Would the buyer send his own verifier if I have a Jean-Honoré Fragonard oil painting?
Is acting related to other art forms?
Why is the picture of Mona Lisa so controversial?
How many paintings did Rubens paint?
What is the difference between good & bad abstract art?
I can't draw that well. Will I ever be able to pursue creating art?
What was Hitler's art career like?
How much area can a construction painter typically paint in an hour?
What is your favourite examples of food art?
What does a moonlight shadow mean? How can it be represented through art? Or how has it been represented through visual art?
Do you agree that art is more important than reading and writing? Why?
Can you critic/advise my art work?
How can I monetize my drawings and paintings?
What possible careers are there for an artist?
How has the traditional function of the grotesque, in Art, changed in postmodernity?
Can interpretation be considered art?
How can I perform better in Arts examination?
Do you know what an artist and a sniper have in common?
To what extent can artists utilize unlikely media and still have their work be considered art?
How do I become a micro artist?
How can I think of art as something useful enough to sell?
What are free form shapes used for in art?
What would be a good product to sell at my art booth other than t-shirts and prints?
Can a professional artist draw a detailed portrait of me?
What are some good pickup lines in an art museum?
Are CCRT Notes enough for art and culture?
Do wealthier cities invest in art more?
Can I include a nude painting in my art portfolio for an art teaching position?
Can we make a living through the arts?
How do artists design artworks on websites?
What have been the most notable artistic representations of philosophy across centuries?
Can I sell photos of a public sculpture?
What qualities do collectors look for in fine art nowadays?
Have there been any sales of art from public museum collections into private hands?
I find myself wanting to start drawing, and getting critique on my art. What are some good art websites for beginners?
Why is being creative in art so hard?
How should I get into Chinese or Zen landscape painting?
Are there any gods in the sculpture?
Is the American Academy of Art a good school?
What are the pieces of art that evoke the most emotion?
How do I find a university that has a strong art program but not an art or design school?
Where is the best place on the internet to publish/broadcast fine art?
What's one thing you would suggest to somebody trying to learn how to transition into fine arts from a street art/illustration background?
Should I really be so competitive with my art?
How long had you been painting in watercolor before you really knew you were good at it?
Do many people understand abstract art and know the best living artists?
Is the term "state of the art" overused?
Are new forms of art being created as technology intersects with traditional art forms?
What advantages did contemporary artist Shitz Popinov have?
What is the most overrated piece of art, and why?
How do you overcome the fear of drawing?
Do you know the name of a surrealist/ psychedelic style painting of a street with hundreds of detailed characters? "Barcelona" is in the title
Can you help identify this 15c oil painting?
What does it feel to be a foley artist?
Why is dogfighting a dying art?
What was the painting that impressed you?
Where are museums about European art and culture in Asia?
Where can I buy a copy of the original Indian Constitution (with paintings) as shown in the link in description?
What is your best way for enjoy "art" (videogames, music, movies, books) without distractions?
What are some good examples of positive and negative shapes in art?
Why can I imagine amazing visual scenes for possible paintings when I lay in bed about to sleep but not when I'm at my desk trying to paint something?
What should a new artist use for oil painting, Winsor and Newton paints or Camlin artists oil paint?
Is life like an art?
What's the meaning of the line " She is no mean authority upon art"?
What are some very specialized arts that are overlooked in the media?
Are the online drawing and painting classes on Craftsy good?
What piece of art has left you mesmerized?
Why are art classes given less importance?
What are some best charcoal paintings?
How can I find wealthy people to sell fine art?
What are some great collaboration in the arts?
Is it tasteful to display oil paintings and watercolor paintings in the same room?
Who wants to fill their walls with art that will motivate in the business place, heal in the healthcare place and inspire what we crave?
What are some of the great living artists and why?
What do you think is visual or audible "art"?
What do you think about Illustration at Ringling College of Art and Design?
What Dutch masterpieces of art are well-known in Holland?
How was your experience with Atelier school of Dramatic arts?
How is painting as a 6th subject?
Which mangaka has the greatest artwork?
What paintings did van Gogh paint in the asylum?
Can a person buy a treasure such as the Mona Lisa just to destroy it? Has anyone done something like that? Who today would? How would the world react?
What is the concept of the gaze in art?
Why is the word 'fine' used in fine arts?
What's the price of Tanjore paintings according to the sizes?
How do I identify a piece of art I saw in the movie “This is 40”?
What made Jackson Pollock's painting good?
How do I learn to about art licensing as a total beginner in this topic?
Why is the art market better in the US?
Is it okay to draw sketches on canvas and paint it afterwards? Or I should go all out painting without sketches?
What are some good national art competitions?
The modern generation lacks the knowledge and appreciation of fine art such as classical music. Why is it happening? What are the solutions?
What's easier, art or photography?
What is one thing art students and artists can do to strengthen their art skills dramatically?
What are all the art movements in painting, literature, music, movie that originated in France like realism, impressionism, surrealism etc.?
Are Ajanta Paintings Mural or Fresco?
Is there any significance to the palette used by Philip Guston in his late paintings?
How can one validate the authenticity of a Peter Beard print/artwork?
Can anyone sell reprinted famous artwork online?
Surely for something to be art, the artist just needs to change their perspective of the something, right?
Assuming we are all artists on one level or another. How important is the motivation to nurture our ability to draw?
What is a good description of a Flemish painting?
What are some of the career options in fine arts in India after doing Btech in CSE?
Which artists were once very highly regarded but are now considered unimpressive? Why did the change occur?
What captures your interest when experiencing visual art?
If there is a platform for artists, what should it have?
Are there any fine arts PUC options for a 10th pass student in Bangalore?
To what extent should art be self-denial? If so, what is the purpose of creativity, and if not, what would be the purpose of the text?
Is there a world's art images database?
Where can I find decently priced wall art?
Why are relief paintings or sculptures called "reliefs"?
How should a proper mailing to a booker of an artist look like?
What was the most expensive piece of art work sold in 2016?
Why do so few men take art classes?
Did NDS games sell mostly because of their cover art rather than content?
In printing your art, what is a good lot number of prints?
Is there a sculpture that fascinates you?
Can literature, art, sculpture, poetry or music lead a revolution?
What is state-of-the-art technolgy?
As an amateur young artist, how do I monetize my art, and enter major galleries in my city?
What are fine artists who work digitally doing to add value to the work they sell?
What position does art have in politics? How do politicians regard and deal with art?
What is the most famous historical sculpture made using casting technique?
How would you relate Existentialism to a painting/portrait?
How do I master an art of politics?
Did Michelangelo paint the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel while lying down?
What are some installation arts that is strongly interactive with its audiences?
What college art class should I take if I don't know how to draw?
Should art sites like DeviantArt be removed because they made fan art, which is a copyright violation?
What makes contemporary art so enticing and what kinds of people truly appreciate it?
Why are art galleriesin NYC and other places closed on mondays?
Where in Mumbai or Thane can I find a large collection of canvas paintings for decorating my home?
What are some websites where artists will critique submitted drawings?
What is the status of Buddhist art and architecture in the present day at a global level?
What makes photography an art form?
Why are the mirror room art displays so popular?
Is creating non tangible chalk art (for a festival) non-taxable in California?
What would be the best subjects for realistic art?
Why do artists use unlikely objects to depict their art?
Why don't we have many great paintings featuring laughing figures or is it that I haven't seen them?
Where can I get more information about the Sybil paintings?
How do I gain inspiration to do art?
What makes acmeist poetry different from other styles?
How much should I charge a corporation for an art painting party?
How did these Freudian ideas manifest themselves in Surrealist art? Give at least one example.
What are some good found objects for painting on?
What are some of the best methods for emerging artists to get their art out there?
What are some art galleries or websites in India that exhibit contemporary abstract expressionist artists?
Is abstract art an excuse for bad art?
How much can a person earn by drawing paintings in India?
Was Ottonian art the most abstract European art prior to the industrial revolution?
Who are some of the best artists (painters) on Quora? Can you also share their work.
Between art and science, which is the best?
Which art museums have released digitized versions of their archives?
What made Michelangelo's painting style so unique?
What cities are well-known for their focus on intellectual and art communities?
Is there a connection between VFX and fine arts?
What art prints would've gone with that green couch in the apartment on the Carrie Diaries?
Can this way be teaching me how to draw art?
Is art an imitation or an interpretation of nature?
Why can't I understand paintings?
Why does life imitate art more than art imitates life?
What defines fine art paintings?
What are some of the biggest conspiracy theories in world history?
'Madhubani', a style of folk paintings, is popular in which of the following states in India?
What art prints could replace a cityscape and the moon, mountain and forest?
How important is completing 11th and 12th (CBSE) for someone who's planning on studying fine arts?
Who are the most important painters of all time?
What is the connection between science and arts?
What elements (design, composition, social, financing, historical, geographical, theoretically/ideologically based) lend to a work of art's greatness?
What is acmeism in literature?
How does Art Advisory work?
Is it weird to be turned on by Baroque paintings?
What is the role of the artist in artistic practice?
What do you think about Art in Thailand?
What is the painting in the background of the building where the captain’s body is examined in ‘Nosferatu’?
What are the different types of traditional paintings?
Why so many old catholic paintings show blonde angels?
What are some characteristics of Picasso's most famous portraits?
What are the criteria when purchasing a painting, both as an art piece and investment?
Why is it that the most appreciated art these days are images of faces or women's naked bodies regardless of whether the art is good or not?
When did graffiti start to be seen as art?
What is scroll painting?
How can I get people to buy my art?
Is it legal to save pictures of my favorite painters' artworks on my PC?
What is the importance of Keith Haring's art to society?
Why do we need diversity in the arts?
What style of art works well for art licensing?
Why is making art a mental therapy (psychotherapy)? How does that work?
Is art (and aesthetics) science?
Which are few of the simple best paintings?
What are some amazing subjects in humanities/arts?
Are the Arts irrelevant to the daily lives of the majority?
Is it important that there is some logic in mind while you're creating your artwork?
Where can I get a real picture of earth (no composite, CGI or painting)?
How much do large scale interactive art installations cost to create and run?
What does sculpture express about memory that paintings cannot?
What problems solve fine Arts?
How is art safe in today's nationalism?
What is life like at Jamia Millia Islamia for Fine Arts Students?
Who sees the resemblance between George Washington and the Mona Lisa?
What are the most beautiful paintings of cats?
Where can I get a portrait painting made on canvas in Hyderabad?
Is there a special name for the Hindu art with all the interconnecting layers of visual and spiritual information?
Have you ever had goosebumps after seeing images/paintings/pictures?
What is the difference between a pro and an amateur artist?
Is there any other art available like calligraphy and quilling?
Can I pursue a master’s in multimedia arts after my degree in electrical engineering ?
Are there other notable Apprenticeships in Scenic Painting like the one provided by IATSE?
What are some recurring themes that are very common in Western arts and cinema but very uncommon in Chinese arts, or vice versa?
What artist are you most inspired by?
What art print could replace a cityscape in my bedroom if I like fashion, flowers and walking?
How do Christian (or Muslim etc) art lovers feel about those highly artistically valued but faith contradicted arts?
How does Shakespeare fit in with the artistic traditions of Mannerism and the Baroque?
How do arts as a medium deal with the question of representation of women?
Can you include quotes from Napoleon, Oprah, Churchill and others on the art you make and sell?
If you can't learn to create better art intellectually, why do I feel like this is happening?
If somebody wants to buy my paintings, do I sell my original ones?
How do I learn art of color matching for good looking/painted objects?
Is design an art?
How come one day you can perfectly recreate the Mona Lisa in crayon but then on other days your hand has forgotten what a pencil is?
Did Martin Puryear produce sketches or maquettes before making his sculpture "Thicket"? Are there any published drawings of the sculpture?
I want to put on an art show. What's a good starting point for a beginner?
What are the characteristics of Salvador Dali's painting style?
As a photographer, what do you do mostly? Weddings, baby, family or animals, or maybe fine art still life?
Is drawing harder than painting?
How can I critically analyse paintings?
I'm remembering a painting (impressionist?) that features a woman in a green dress holding a parasol, but walking away from the viewer. What is it?
What is the difference between space division and composition in visual arts?
From a philosophical view, why do humans make and/or enjoy art? What is the meaning of doing art?
Wat are some best paintings?
How and why are artists valuable?
What are examples of utilitarianism in society?
If we could bring Vincent Van Gogh back from the dead, and show him what a rockstar of the Art he has become, would it really change him?
Why do I have a hard time fully commiting to my art?
I ordered a new painting online that arrived with cracks and paint flaking off. Was it improperly sealed and am I entitled a refund?
Where can I find large collections of art images from large museums?
Can I get an opinion on my recent paintings?
Are there really good paintings or sculptures made by famous artists in their childhood?
How do you do encaustic painting & create detail?
Is it considered infringement to sell hand-drawn paintings of already copyrighted art?
What were Ben Quilty's ambitions to become an artist?
What are art related courses in college?
What do you think will painting be like in 100 years?
Is there any book to read, to learn about the art of communication?
Why have interactions with people when you can just consume great art?
Should I go into something creative like music and art or business and law for my career?
Which is the best school for martial arts?
How can you describe the 6 elements of art?
How does mehndi give scope for artists?
Can you critique my sketch?
I am interested in getting in to art and want to purchase some paintings. Where can I learn the basics to figure out what I like?
How do they restore cave paintings from the past?
What are some of the world renowned forms of Indian paintings?
What is painting based on poetry called?
Who does old master paintings?
Is art becoming increasingly secularized to the rich?
What's the difference between motif and pattern in art?
Does pop art still dominate in the USA?
What is an example of allusion in art?
How do you know if your art is no good?
What is the future of Southeast Asia art industry?
Should there be censorship in Indian on art, or not? What is its social and cultural impact?
What lighting equipment available in India are ideal for still life and portrait painting?
Is all art creative?
How do I get a dual degree in computer science and fine arts?
How do you sell an old oil painting? Would the buyer send his own verifier if I have a Jean-Honoré Fragonard oil painting?
As an artist, what is the one thing you would tell your younger self which could have improved your art career?
Why is modern art/painting very difficult to understand?
Have Indians on Quora ever noticed that Picasso has a number of Ardhanari depictions in his renowned paintings?
What do you make of this installation by Ardan Ozmenoglu?
What place does Art have in your life?
How do I improve my digital art?
What would one miss skipping over Season 2 of The Wire?
Should all art be considered graven images?
What kind of art or work do you love the most, that you believe you would like to do until your final breath (apart from "social networking" of course)?
Does Patna University offer a master’s course in fine arts?
Do you think art is supposed to deliver the message of the artist or be open to personal interpretation?
Are extreme forms of art (e.g. avant garde artworks) actually art? And if yes, by what philosophical perspective?
What is the significance of Osip Mandelstam in literature?
What are the best universities for art history?
If the Mona Lisa had never been painted in 1503 and instead a talented contemporary artist painted it today, how popular would this painting be now?
Which is your favourite piece of art done by you?
What does an art broker do?
What are the main differences between artists and non-artists?
Where do hotels, institutions, and corporations source their fine art?
What artwork symbolizes negativity the most?
What is the name of a nice book to learn drawing and painting?
Where do I get abstract metal wall art for my home?
How do artists nowadays use modern technology create art?
Is there a correlation between the Nazis suppressing the arts and the Trump administration defunding the arts?
Can a painting be a rendition?
How can I be more abstract in my art and less controlled?
What is the name of the art form in which we create shapes with trangles ans squire?
What is symbolism in the arts? How is it a reaction to naturalism and realism?
Can drawing digitally help with traditional drawing?
Is there anything I should do or can do to improve my drawing and paintings?
Should fine arts classes be cut from schools? If so, why? If not, why not?
What you think about mona Lisa?
What should be in my art portfolio when applying for architecture?
Does reframing artwork lower the value?
Is art important in education?
Who is the artist of this painting?
Which college is best for learning art and craft in Delhi?
When you were accepted into an art & design college was your portfolio better than your GPA or was your academic record more outstanding?
Would people pay well for scanned prints of my artwork?
What is the meaning of (non-toxic) and (zero-VOC) painting?
Does anyone still make fine-art Viewmaster slides?
Art History: Why is this oil on wood painting depicting the crucifixion with saints currently attributed to Martino Piazza instead of Albertino Piazza or another artist working in Lombardy in the first decades of the sixteenth century?
Is art important in school education?
Do people still paint Fine Art or does everyone just showcase Paint Spills nowadays?
How can I help my husband sell his paintings?
What is the meaning of art for art's sake?
As a fan artist, do you feel accepted by the rest of the art community or do you feel discriminated or looked down upon?
How do I make my portfolio for art direction so that I can apply to schools?
Can glass be used to make swarovski-like sculptures like those shown in the pictures?
Can Disney movies be considered a work of art?
Why is contemporary art so bad compared to medieval art?
What are ways of looking at art and science, as one?
How hard is it to make Zootopia fan art?
How can someone be so ignorant about Pixel Art and think it's not real art or something?
Does pricing with "9" cheapen luxury products and ruin the brand’s prestigious image?
What do we mean by 'line work' in Ajanta paintings?
Could hacking become an art forms in the years to come?
What are some examples of Hindu art?
Can you critique my art portfolio?
What are the best colleges for a Fine Art major in NYC?
I need to add some paintings to my room. Any suggestions if I can order one online?
How is asymmetrical balance studied in art?
Can I use cabinet varnish in my paintings?
What are some of the most famous online art galleries?
Is it possible to do paint brush strokes in Sketch?
Why are certain painting's referred to as 'waifs'?
What is the best substrate for use with plaster in a painting?
What is something that was not considered art before, but now is?
What are some principles in your field that anyone can apply in their everyday life?
What is the name of the artist who painted this painting?
What are some of the best canvases for watercolor painting?
Which digital projector for art tracing to choose?
Is politics science or art? Or science and art both?
How do I give rafael effect in painting?
What are some of the most interesting Renaissance paintings?
Should I pursue technical fields instead of humanities and art?
How can we tell the difference between an amateur and professional abstract art without knowing who painted it?
How do I find an art licensor?
What are some notable Singaporean contributions to the arts?
What are some nice art projects using paper mache on a canvas?
Where can I find a good art dealer?
How can you describe the different elements of art?
What are the merits of being an artist?
What hyper-realistic artists say about their work where most people don't consider their work as an Art?
Is there a sculpture called 'belt'?
What is the importance of asymmetrical balance in art?
What is different about the art then versus the art during the baroque period?
Which was the most popular version of Art of Noise's "Moments in Love"?
Why, in Norway, must public properties exceeding a certain cost have artwork?
Is it hard to make line art?
How did MC Escher use maths in his art?
How do I market my painting company?
Why do existentialists sell their art?
Why do people like painting?
What are some great places to network with other oil painting artists online?
Can you critique my art?
Why is Irish warfare so rarely depicted in art compared to that of the Scots?
Is it legal to paint or draw on bank pay checks (as an art project)?
The phrase 'I wish I could do art, but I'm just not creative' confuses me. Being creative (as I am) does not enable me to create art. Can you advise me?
Is art appreciation directly proportional to the viewer's capability of interpreting symbolic structures?
How do I submit art works to modern art galleries?
Is all art inherently political?
How do I perform frame movement for inserting clip art to illustrate running of a car automatically?
Who is Roland Reiss?
What can a non-artist do to persist in learning basic techniques despite not enjoying the process as artists do?
Where is the best value for your money for purchasing canvas for painting?
Why is a skull such a popular subject for painting?
Who are the top 5 contemporary artists?
What does it take me to be a succesful artist?
I am looking into building a computer for art, what are some recommended specs/hardware for it since it will be solely for art?
Are there still paintings that countries that were Nazi occupied haven't returned to the Jews they took them from during WWII?
Which books would be good to read when preparing for fine arts at BHU?
How do I commercialise my drawing and painting skills?
What is the timeline on schools of art and philosophy? Which schools came first, and how did they develop?
What are some famous pieces that don't deserve to be in modern art museum?
Who are some people that have done outstanding creative work (technical, artistic, humanitarian, etc.) whose names are not well known?
What are some examples of the different elements of art?
What are some characteristics of the different types of fine art?
What do I use to determine if painting is done with oil or acrylic?
Is it too bad if I submitted my still life photography series into fine art category of a photo contest?
What is a great image, photo, or painting depicting the madness and idiocy of us humans?
Who is the artist of these images?
Is there any course relating to fine arts plus engineering?
What are the best examples of Neo-noir art and illustration?
If I am planning to pursue the arts in the future, maybe visual, is there any IB subjects I should take apart from visual arts?
How much of the subject matter is on the art side in the UP Board?
Why is the ''Arjuna penance'' or ''Descent of the Ganges'', situated at Mammalapuram, called FRESCO painted in stone?
Why are there no human "portraits" in the paleolithic cave paintings in France or Spain?
What is the best city for traditional Japanese visual art?
What are the benefits of art?
What are some entertaining art forms that we can learn at home?
What is significant of art?
What is the difference between a Swami and a rishi in the art of living?
Has there been devolution in art or does anyone actually think that art has improved since the Belle Epoque or even the Renaissance? How and why?
Does Malaysia not focus on art?
Who is interested in African art?
Would you choose to create visual art or music?
Why is art less appreciated nowadays?
What's the task, target & role of visual artist?
Do you know of a painter named Blum?
Which is best art?
Is there a place to buy good artwork or illustrations for commercial use?
Have we reached a plateau in the arts?
Are there many students from India studying Fine Arts in Afghanistan? (Which is the most popular course/university?)
If you could own one piece of famous art in the world, extant or lost, no matter what size, what would it be?
What is the symbolism in this painting from Pompeii?
Are there any artists who have reflected on Bezalel?
What is future scope in arts?
Is there a way to see artworks sorted by locations/museum?
Do you think that traditional painting is still relevant with the popularization of digital painting?
What is the best place to sell art products in India?
Should I take fine arts as optional with PCB for 11th?
In painting, which artistic genre is the transition from realism to impressionism?
What inspires you as an artist?
Why are ISFPs called artists, and not INFPs?
Can you show the most beautiful work of art created when you were manic?
What are the differences in approaching romantic paintings and poetry?
What would you do if people at school traced their artwork and got away with it for an art assignment?
Are there any genius artists like Van Gogh who were never discovered even after death?
What is the name of the painting on the CD cover?
Where can I get my body painted in India? (body painting art)?
Why do artists take the liberty to make objectionable paintings of Hindu gods and goddesses?
Is good knowledge of English essential for contemporary artist willing to be successful on the global art scene?
What are the course in art sector?
Why do people spend a lot of money to go to art school to make ugly, simple looking art?
How would you summarize this artwork?
What could be the possible words related to art as well as photography?
Are digital artists generally considered to be part of what people refer to as the "art world"?
My city doesn't have good school of Arts. What are some places which are good for Arts?
What are the pros and cons of selling art on sites like Artfinder and Saatchi?
Can fine art students apply to a world famous university such as Harvard or Cambridge?
What is the meaning behind the Edward Hopper painting "Nighthawks"?
Under what conditions would the arts be more important than the sciences?
Is teaching considered as an art?
Is it possible to draw a line between street art and vandalism?
Does mathematics lack creativity in comparision to art?
What is the deal with modern art? I really don’t understand why they are priced so high.
What are some examples of contemporary expressionist art?
How do I find an art collector for a new art gallery business with a low marketing budget?
What are the differences between Eastern and Western minimalism?
Does looking at good art make you feel like a failure as an artist?
Why is fan art frowned upon by art teachers and the art world in general? Is it less legitimate than other art forms?
How do you determine the price of prints of an original oil painting?
What are the benefits of taking fine arts classes in high school?
Has anyone made art out of gallium?
What are some useful art books for painters?
Where can I find good reference photos for art?
What is your understanding of the term, 'art/artist'?
Which Dutch painters hide their initials within their paintings?
What are examples of different mediums of painting?
Should an artist’s political allegiance matter in reference to their art if it is not mentioned?
What happens to me if I accidentally destroyed the Mona Lisa painting?
How do Christian (or Muslim etc) art lovers feel about those highly artistically valued but faith contradicted arts?
Can you critique my painting?
Is art something that most people can make, and if so why do some artists describe it as a transcendent creative process?
Where can I learn most of the art forms?
What are the best ways to sell fine art (purchased from a gallery)?
What is the name of this art form in which we create shapes with trangles and squire? Image in the comments
What are some interesting art pieces from the 1800s?
Is there any fine art course in IIT?
Why does art always have to have a deeper meaning?
Why the Mona Lisa facing left feels odd?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
What are the best colleges for game art and animation in Europe?
Is the online art market growing?
What are the good books on modern sculpture?
What is the approximate price of the cheapest Van Gogh painting?
How common was painting before photography?
Does such a thing as avant-garde exist in contemporary art, or is this term purely historical and embracing only pre-war art?
What is the best technique for realistic drawings, dry pastel or oil pastel?
Should I take the Creative Activities club if I don't know painting but am good in drawing?
What are the top 10 best paintings in Metropolitan Museum of Art?
How can I get feedback on my first painting?
What are some examples of hierarchy in art?
What's the task and target of visual artist?
Can an art collector please give a critique of this work of marquetry?
What are the organisations that recognise Art and Literary works?
Any famous artist/group who uses Reaper to record?
Who are some of the best objective artists working today?
What makes fan art good or bad?
Is mathematics more of an art than a science?
What options do I have as an art dealer/gallery owner to manage my business so it reflects the principles of the Commons Movement?
Who created the marbling art technique?
What is the meaning behind the painting "The Human Condition" by René Magritte?
What is an effective way to improve my skills, as an artist with a full time job and very little time?
Is stylised art easier than detailed one?
What surface did Van Gogh paint on?
Fine art photography: how long does it take you on average to process an image?
How do you paint a realistic portrait of a non existent person?
What are important things to know when opening an art gallery?
Where does our appreciation of art come from? How do Humans find things beautiful/meaningful?
What are some art project ideas for people who aren't good at art?
What is a reason that someone would kill an animal for a piece of artwork or taxidermy?
Where can quality Fantasy Art be bought for commercial use?
Is it self-centered to have a large painting/picture of your face on your bedroom wall?
Who were the first artists?
I'm trying to develop my skill at non-objective painting, could I get some advice on my current paintings?
Can I use lacquer spray paints directly on canvas to make art?
Why is art of living workshops are important for students?
Photography is science or art?
Which is the best institute for pursuing diploma in fine and arts in Hyderabad?
What art do you think is not appreciated? (This art could be music, photography etc)
How can I improve my portraits? Also, are they any good?
How do I do better formal analysis of artwork?
What sort of art do you love?
Who founded art movement suprematism?
What school/course should I join in Bangalore for a career in fine arts and design?
What are the various types of Original Art Paintings?
Do you have to have experience drawing before majoring in fine arts in college?
If van Goyen painted tulips before the crash and after, which ones would (or are, if he did) worth more and why do you think that is the case?
What is an art style?
Who from India is well known for painting & drawing mostly beautiful women?
I am under the legal working age. How do I make money so I can buy art supplies?
Where is the line between inspiring and stealing?
What types of paintings are people buying?
How do I develop an art schedule?
Why does Western art typically omit the pudendal cleft when depicting female nudes?
What did Baudrillard mean when talking about the "vanishing point of art"?
Do all watercolorists stretch their paper before painting?
In which areas of design / art does your country excel? In which does it fail?
How can I find out if my idea is good?
Which is the most impressive art museum in Switzerland?
What are some ways for a young artists to gain work?
What does the last stroke of the brush to a finished art piece feel like emotionally to a painter?
How did illusionistic ceiling painting first start?
How do I sell painting in Delhi?
How would you interpret Gustav Klimt's artwork "The Kiss?"
What is 20th century art trends?
What are the examples of principles of art?
Is there any distance learning/correspondence fine arts and crafts courses in India?
What happens when you combine art and science?
What are some examples of fractals in art?
How can I attach two clay pieces together so they turn into one piece?
What are the best basic exercises for beginners in art?
Who's disrupting the art market?
Which, in your opinion, is the greatest painting in existence, and why?
Is the use of augmented-reality technologies good for art museums?
What kinds of paintings are pastel pencils best used for?
Why isn’t art valued in schools?
Which is the best art college in Indore?
What is the significance of Lincoln in Dalivision by artist Salvador Dali?
I took lots of pictures on my phone. Is there a service where I can print them to hang as wall art?
Does modern art need to be shocking to be considered worthy?
In your opinion what are the most influential artworks ever created?
What do you think some artists wanted to develop a national style of art?
What are some of the upcoming art exhibitions for amateur artists in Chennai?
Why do we need to learn art?
What is the present scope for digital art?
What is the meaning of this art/painting, what does the artist want to portray by this and who drew this?
What are some of the greatest paintings depicting an independent young girl?
Which optional subject is better, fine arts or music?
I am 32 years old and literally can not draw at all. Would it still be possible to become a paid illustrator in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
How about selling art in paintcollar.com? Are they really paying us?
What is the meaning of curving and crossing lines in art?
Have you ever created an art business card?
What is it like to switch from fine art to scenic art?
What are great examples of modern political art?
What are Napoleon Bonaparte's famous paintings?
What is a good piece of art that would not be possible without today's technology? Why is it a good piece if art?
What are some famous paintings that depict love for place?
What are the best comments on someone's painting efforts?
Are drugs the ultimate form of art?
What benefits do artists receive from drawing the nude figure?
What are some methods for working with sculpture?
How do I speak about my art if I have nothing to say about it?
Which is the best architectural style: Victorian, Rococo, Baroque, Art Nouveau, or Art Deco?
Were the sketches and paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder created in love or contempt for the peasant class?
Should I leave this opportunity of working under a noted artist of all times, who is holder of various prestigious awards?
What are some early political art pieces?
How can I be a great lecturer and master the art of speaking?
Is it okay to do bachelor of fine arts (applied arts) after bcom?
Is math an art endeavour?
What is your opinion on artists using Basquiat’s crown in their work?
What do you prefer: a sketchy painting or a complete, full color painting?
How should I study art more effectively?
What is truly art, and what is not?
Why doesn't Viria like her art to be shared?
How long did it take Vincent Van Gogh to paint the Starry Night?
Would people buy my paintings if I sold them on the streets in Delhi?
Why can't I choose a painting subject?
How can I sell my paintings?
How do I sell my paintings in London?
What is the most simple yet most impactful art piece you've ever seen?
Does anyone know who did the art/what the art is called in Yasunari Kawabata's Beauty and Sadness?
How can the elements of art line be described?
How can I get a British art gallery to accept a painting?
Watercolor: How do I make my watercolor drawings have the transparent look?
How much should I charge for creating a curriculum for primary art classes?
Should studying a fine arts major/minor stop me from going to a research college like OSU?
Do art collectors prefer airbrush paintings, or free hand?
What are the speciality of modern art or the techniques like drip or Dada painting to sold in such a high price?
Are the paintings from certain painters or art movements easier to fake than the others?
Do representational artists rate Tracey Emin as an artist?
How can I get good at doing art? What is the best approach?
How can you make an analysis of the painting Venus of Urbino?
What are the good ways to learn digital art?
How has the internet impacted the art world?
Where can I buy art in Israel?
What is the difference between a fine and a penalty?
What public outdoor art installation has impressed people the most?
As an artist what does beauty mean to you? Is every art beautiful or admirable?
How does separation of power promote art 19?
What are some easy ways to draw famous paintings?
What would be the most interesting online training for art students?
Why do people buy worthless art?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
What does realism mean in arts?
What is some interesting artwork before 1400 CE?
What do you consider art?
How relevant is fine art?
Are America's greatest cultural achievements in film and music rather than literature and art?
What is a ganymed turnstile print of a painting?
How much did the Mona Lisa cost to paint? (How much was Da Vinci paid to make it)
What are good ways to learn about serious art collecting?
Is impermanent art more meaningful?
How can one understand the difference between art and craft?
Where can we see Ousmane Sow sculptures?
What is the difference between Mughal style of miniature painting and Rajput style?
What are the types of painting?
Which tangible art mediums most resembles digital art?
Can anyone share your paintings or sketches here?
Why isn't computer graphics art appreciated as much as classical art?
What are some artistic mathematical works?
Which paintings depict the comical folly, or the utter absurdity of humanity?
How can I get more exposure for my art?
If I make a drawing of an iconic photograph, but change the perspective and certain details, could my artwork be considered as plagiarism?
What makes some works of art "elite"?
Who is compared to Van Gogh's Wheat Field?
What are the different contexts of art?
What should I paint if I want to sell my art?
What art or pictures best describe an ISFP?
Which is better optional subject fine arts or psychology?
Will studying fine arts in an undergraduate school help me broaden my perspective as an interior designer?
Is earning an MFA necessary to be accepted as an emerging artist?
Why is ballet an important type of art?
Which museums outside of Japan have the best collections of Ainu art?
Have we reached the end of art?
Besides Raja Ravi Varma, who are greatest fine artists from India?
What is the state of art in the world today?
Would comparing works of visual art be an interesting topic in art education?
I get a few days in Paris, what sculpture/art should I prioritize seeing ? (Thanks)
Would it be possible to become a painter in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
How do I sell paintings when my niche is Christian art?
Is there any significant difference between manga art supplies and generic ones?
How can I sell high end paintings?
Is there a new period of selling art?
Which painting is this of a canoe and strange clown under the dock?
What is so special about this painting that it was sold for about thousand crore rupees?
What makes Picasso's paintings extraordinary?
Are old Japanese paintings not as realistic as European ones?
Is there any website or forum that gives painting advice and critique?
How can you describe the Mona Lisa?
Which are the best art universities in the UK?
What are some best arts?
Do we no longer have a societal need for art in the modern world?
What are the most popular subjects in paintings?
What are the courses available after BBA in field of art and craft?
What is the value of a KC Chan painting?
What is your favourite work of art that was made by you?
What is classical art?
Are there any tips for silky looking shading when using graphite?
What are the different art forms?
Where we could use our artistic skill like hand made drawing?
Where is the painting exhibition in Hyderabad?
Is it against copyright law for copying famous artists’ paintings in different media?
How can art be valuated?
On what basis do radical islamists hate music and other such fine art forms?
How can I ship an encaustic painting?
Do you consider that rock art can be assumed as beautiful?
Are there any occupations that include both art and science?
What are some new type of arts?
Are most creative masterpieces just a combination of art with science?
How does culture affect an artist's artwork?
What are your top 5 paintings? Why?
How does something become a museum piece and why?
What does art of looking sideways mean?
What are differences between an abstraction in a painting and abstract painting?
How can small cities develop art?
How is the naturalistic representation between feeling and movement evident in the sculptures of the classical and Hellenistic periods?
What museum displays the famous painting of Renoir’s “On the Terrace”?
Why is art viewing considered to be an intelligent hobby?
Are young people buying art?
If teaching is an art, why are teachers not considered to be artists?
Is Minimalism the hardest form of abstract art?
Is it legal to make art of Supermodels?
Who painted this painting from a Chinese TV show called “Pretty Li Hui Zhen”?
How did Picasso started selling his work in Paris without knowing French?
What is the best way to interpret Miro's paintings?
How can photorealism art best be described?
How does Islamic art represent work?
What are some of the mind blowing hidden secrets about Mona Lisa painting?
How do I become a performing artist?
Why do artists paint Galaxy background to illustrate a dreamer?
Why do we care whether paintings are originals, if we can get a perfect duplicate?
Since I’m learning figure drawing, should I study sculptures to help with anatomy?
Do anyone want to list your art contest or drawings competition for free?
How is arts/ humanities viewed in your country?
Can you please interpret my art?
What if your good at all fields in small amounts like art, music, dance, academics, etc? What will be your passion then?
Do you know of any lost arts?
Can you critique this digital art on the basis of style and technique?
How would you describe this art piece?
Does authenticity in art still matter?
What are the statements which appreciates an artist?
What is the process that galleries apply to select artists?
What is your favourite historical work of art?
How do I enter Fine Art School-Barcelona and get a scholarship?
Unemployed in the traditional sense, I am an artist. Do you know any ways to succeed as a full time artist?
I want an oil portrait of my parents to be made from a painter in Kolkata. Could you please name a few artists?
Which painters used fractals in their art?
In art, what does minimalism mean?
How can I create negative shapes in art?
Can I build an art gallery/studio/house to live, paint, and sell my art?
How often did you receive art instruction?
How big is online art business?
What are the best illusion paintings for a sports banner?
Where can I buy a Wall painting? I live in Portugal.
What is art's purpose now?
What are we supposed to do in painting exhibition?
How did Nam June Paik make an impact in the art world?
In your opinion, do you like music or visual art more?
What do you call a style where the amount of paint is too much and it drips?
I have skill with graphites and charcoal, but limited skill with paints and pastels. Is this a problem if I am to become an artist?
What does "The idea of art kills creativity" mean?
What is some art that shows chaos?
How should I go about auctioning my own paintings online?
Does curioos.com allow selling art prints on other platforms as well?
What is the most inspirational place for you to create art?
What is the best thing to put in an art portfolio?
What are some common applications for a kinetic sculpture?
Has there been a shift in the culinary world regarding food tasting good, as there was a shift in visual art regarding art looking good?
In your opinion, Is the nature of art more determined by artist intention, or audience interpretation?
Where can I find inspiration for my next painting?
Do any visual artists (who make a living from their art), actively support Trump?
Who are the top 5 abstract painting artists?
What do painters think of using watercolors for portraits?
What is the famous painting in worldwide?
What is this STYLE of ILLUSTRATION called?
Who are some artists who work with the theme 'details'?
How do I study art and culture for GS I?
My artwork was copied and is being sold by a major retailer. What consequences could I face by taking legal action against such a massive company?
Is there any good art classes in Chennai for adults?
What is the oldest pre-historic man's painting ever found?
Jake Tapper does great cartoons. Does he do other art?
What is Phad Painting? Where do I buy it from?
What are the multiple types visual arts?
What are some of the most famous expressionist artworks?
Is coloring a good way to ease into painting and art?
What is the admission fees for Art in Paradise pattaya?
Where can I buy art in India?
How can I do metallic painting in Photoshop?
Do you consider Hebru Brantley a great artist?
What is Isaac Maimon's best work and why?
Which literature on pictorial references and allusions in visual art can you recommend?
What are the steps to becoming a known artist?
What is your favorite type of art to create?
How do you create hyper-realistic oil paintings?
What can we learn from paintings?
Can you suggest how my paintings are?
I want to make face painting or make-up my new hobby. What products should I buy?
How do I draw a triangle with mouseOnClick like in Window’s Paint app?
What does 'fine arts' mean in an Indian school?
Does anyone have some wall-painting ideas?
Who were the most expensive and popular artists in the art market during the second half of the 20th century?
Do you know a minimalist painter who singns his paintings 'luce'?
Who is the current artist with the most loyal fans around the world?
Who is the best sculptor in Delhi?
How do I register my art and hobby class in Mumbai?
What Indian art galleries are best to purchase paintings by enquiring online?
What kind of paintings do people like?
How do I improve my art style?
What are some craziest homemade ideas and inventions?
How should I express my art talent?
If you have to look at a painting twice to get its true meaning, do you think you would understand why the artists painted that piece of art?
Are there any good fine art schools in London?
What are some facts of Vincent van Gogh's paintings?
What is the meaning of this art painting ? See below
What are some abstract expressionism and expressionism art galleries?
What do you love about art?
How would you view an artist who doesn't have a set style?
How do I explain the differences between flat art and superflat art?
How can I sell tribal paintings in India?
What is the difference between a faux canvas and gallery wrapped canvas?
What percentage commission should a gallery give an art dealer if he sells his client's artwork to a client of the gallery?
What aspects/points/subtopics of theater studies do you enjoy/follow/find interesting?
What is Eduard Bendemann's most meaningful painting?
Should art need to be "explained"?
What do you think about my paintings, and how can I improve my artwork?
What is the greatest power of an artist?
What conditions do you need to work in an art gallery?
Who is the best artist - the one who creates or the one who interprets?
How are wooden sculptures made?
How can you earn money with a blog that has paintings, illustrations and images by other artists?
Which artist can draw the sexiest women in anime?
Is Hebru Brantley’s art worth buying from an appreciation standpoint?
Who is your all-time favorite deviant artist?
How do I establish myself as an art critic?
What is required to stimulate another wave of innovation and energy in the Japanese contemporary art scene?
What does Post-Impressionist and Impressionist mean? (painting stuff). Can anyone explain these words better
Have you ever put together an artist fan club or fan group?
What art piece(s) reflects 21st century the best?
Is it common for artist to paint from photographs?
Which subject should I drop, visual arts, drama, or music?
Starting from a premise that paper provides the best feel for drawing, what is the best interface for digitizing art?
Which artists use (literal) questions in their artworks?
How does money laundering work in selling art works?
Where can I find art auctions to submit work to?
What should the temperature be for painting outside?
Why is the purpose of color important in art?
Is it common for Fine Arts majors to be cliquey?
Who is the painter W. Grijve?
Can somebody list out some things that are easy to draw and harder to draw?
What is some of the best art from waste?
How soon will automation affect the future of concept art?
What could I improve in my art?
What is the difference between "modern art" and more conventional art?
What would life be without art?
What is arts? Who is an artist?
What are the fundamentals of art and how do I go about learning them?
How do I make my art authentic?
What is the size of AADHAR databases?
In Bangalore, do you know any painters who can paint a photo on glass or a bottle?
How do I take up art and design after engineering?
I work from my laptop as an artist and make a decently stable income from various artistic endeavors. How might I apply for a visa in Japan?
What is the art of making questions?
What is the difference between digital environment artist and matte painting?
Is there a modern movement in art similar to Dada?
What is a theory in art?
What is significant about “The Hand in the Cactus?”
Why is communication considered an art by some people?
What are the elements of artistic expression?
Do professional artists love art as much as they did before pursuing art as a career?
What is the Tisch School of the Arts like?
How can unity and variety in art be learrned?
Why do we like art (paintings, showpieces, etc.) although they have no utility?
What are the best art supply brands?
Where can I find images of ancient artworks online?
Do artists sign their paintings with the same signature they use for legal documents? Or do they have a special artist signature?
Is it worth it for an artist to pay to show his/her work in a book?
Why is symmetry important in Islamic art?
What do you think of the paintings by Martiros Manoukian? Which are some painters with the same style?
Can you name the elements of art?
Where can I sell my painting and sketches?
How can you do encaustic painting?
What are the newest form of art that your have seen/heard?
Which oil paints do artists use in India for oil paintings?
What exactly is unity and variety in art?
What are some good art schools that will easily accept any transfer student?
What is some information about auditions for movies for someone who wants to become a child artist?
What qualifies as a breakthrough work of art?
Would you share some of your artwork with us?
What are some techniques for painting over black paint?
How do you get a state of the art infirmary?
What is the maximum sentence for subway art?
What are some artistic expression?
What are the different lists of the 7 elements of art?
Why do people destroy art?
How should we know what art to censor?
Which is the best, the arts or engineering?
What are the market prices of Sindhi arts and crafts?
Where is Salvador Dali's painting Le Sommeil?
If you could instantly master a different art style, what would it be?
Is this artwork suitable to be showcased in a gallery?
Should artists always be given the freedom to express their ideas?
Which is the best, most resistant and light paint for radio controlled airplanes?
How can an art dealer expert in modern art but new in industry, approach client and galleries?
How does psychiatric misdiagnosis impact art?
Do you think that the paintings of Henri Rousseau are naive?
Are self taught artists accepted in the art world and how do they become known?
In art, what is light?
What is vector line art and why?
How do we sell paintings?
I want to learn painting, how can I be more creative?
How can creativity and the arts be used to advance our community?
What is the best way for an Arts graduate Pakistani to make the both ends meet in livelihood?
Where is the best place to find up and coming artists and their artwork?
What kind of art do you enjoy the most?
Is it acceptable to negotiate the price of artwork?
What artwork have you bought?
Why is art, music & photography forbidden in Islam?
Do you get a lot of homework, if you are an art major?
Why is despair the root of all the world's greatest art and literature?
Where does Andy Goldsworthy make his art?
What are the implications of "Art for art's sake"?
Which art installations would look good in a contemporary home?
How does an artist color a drawing?
What do you do when your art is bad but it's not improving?
How can I begin to sell my artwork?
How do you get inspired for art pieces?
How long did it take Jackson Pollock to finish his paintings?
Can I sell my artwork on Curioos and other platforms at the same time?
What’s the importance of Jackson Pollock’s paintings?
What are some facts of Surrealism art?
How did Roman art influence Croatian Mediterranean Cities?
What inspired Jose Puyet's paintings?
What artwork did you use to get into art school?
Art from prosthodontic waste?
What are the reasons why high art falls?
What do you do when you have artblock on an important project due asap?
Where can I find a good, cheap digital artist to make some custom artwork for me?
What's the price on painting on movie the accountant?
Do art and music create social stability between different nations and cultures?
What's it like to be a worn out genius?
Can the principles and elements of art/design be traced back to a specific time or place?
What sculptures did Isaac Cordal make?
Where can I find a decent art journal in India (that I can preferably find online)?
What is the proper meaning of Phantasmagoria in art?
What are your preferred tools to create art?
In art, is there a relationship between spontaneity and value?
How can I learn about under-recognized artists who are pushing the idea of landscape painting forward?
What do you think differentiates beautiful art from great art?
Why are so many famous 80s artists from England?
Why is architecture considered fine art?
Are there any art schools that accept students solely on their portfolios?
How do I shoot some sorts of Fine Art photographs at home? Does anyone have any idea about what the easier themes can be?
Whose paintings fetch the highest price today collectively?
What is the average licensing fee for art?
What are the best schools for fine arts other than RISD, Pratt?
How do I know how much original Allayn Stevens oil painting worth?
Say I were to paint digitally on a picture of a traditional piece of artwork; would this be considered mixed media?
Do I need to use enamel on the canvas before painting?
Where can I find like-minded people to make experimental art with?
Art Historians: What literature on Albrecht Dürer's Adam and Eve (in English or German) would you recommend?
Can you mix photographs and artwork (oil paintings, prints etc.) in the same room?
How did impressionism begin?
What is the distinct feature of the painting of Raja Ravi Varma?
Where can I learn more about Flemish art?
What art shall I create?
Which is the best fine micro art u have ever seen?
What can I draw for my art class?
Are there any Basquiat paintings with activist John Lewis's name on it?
What is the scope for the arts?
What are some rare and beautiful typewriters that are good to write with?
How do you motivate yourself to draw or make some kind of art everyday?
What should I look for in a college if I want to become an artist?
What do I need to do besides practicing to improve at art?
I'm very good at drawing, acting, photography, writing stories and composing music. Is there a job that includes all my passions?
Why do the paintings of Johannes Vermeer have so many small cracks on them compared to those of his contemporaries?
What can I say to defend modern art and autotune?
What does an art degree accomplish?
What universities offer a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Chicago for an international student?
How do I sell my paintings on Amazon?
Why don't artists show the beauty of science?
How long does it take you to draw fancy and complicated digital art?
What should I fix in my painting?
Do art critics give a bigger priority to technique or theatricality while analyzing a painting?
What art print could go in my bedroom instead of cityscapes if my interests are birds, photography and plants?
Can I make a good earning with my interest in fine arts even though I’m not really talented as a painter?
What is the distinct feature of Raja Ravivarma’s painting?
Is it possible to sell traditional art as digital products?
Will Bo Bartlett be considered a great artist?
Where can I see Yayoi Kusama's artworks in Japan?
What variables should be taken into consideration when pricing a piece of art?
What can I write about pop art?
What is the darkest object/paint commercially available?
Is it possible to get kicked out of an art major if your drawings are too shitty?
How do I become more creative in the field of art and design?
How would one theoretically steal a painting from a museum like the Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Where can I get a portfolio for my art class?
How was art before the Impressionism movement?
What is the best business advice for an artist?
How do you sign a fine art print?
What are some good overview articles on contemporary art?
What are some impressive painting techniques?
How can I tell if a painting is varnished?
Who is your favorite painter and where can I find examples of their work?
Can I improve my watercolour painting skills by using colouring books?
What are the benefits of hanging a running horse painting on the walls?
Can you use art with original characters of other people in your portfolio?
Is nudity a form of art or pornographic materials?
What is the best 21st century ceramic art?
What style of artwork is Coene’s “Attack of the Park of Brussels” painting?
How do you find and pick Modern Art galleries in different cities?
What's the best or most influential painting in/from your country?
Why is the Quora icon for fine art a nude lady?
Has the Smithsonian Arts & Industries Building reopened yet?
What are the best certification institutes for art out of India?
Can art be considered as new gold?
Do we the fans, give fame to artists?
What do we actually study in arts?
Someone tell me what specific art style Ikimaru and Elentori's art are?
What is the subject of your own artwork?
From where can I learn painting and sketching online?
Can anyone share an outline picture for a good painting?
What are the best websites to purchase a quality Monet oil painting reproduction?
Can you share some of your charcoal artwork?
Which is better NID or college of art Delhi for animation?
What is your opinion on anime artists compared to more classic artists?
In India what is the procedure for seeking permission for outdoor sketching and painting?
How do you find and choose a trustworthy painter/decorator?
Is there any Art Search Engine that catalogues all "important" art ever created and is curated by professionals?
Is it possible to get good at art if you have no talent?
How can I draw Modigliani portraits?
How do I start a blog about my paintings?
How do experts determine artists state of mind or thinking with which he drew the painting? What are various hints to understand it?
What are the essential functions of art?
Is www.sketchonline.in good site to promote my art work?
Who are the most successful living fine artists?
Why is Art more popular than Science?
What are the features I should have in an 'Art gallery database management project'?
What are the charateristics of the neoclassical paintings?
When did the use of oil paint in fine art begin?
What price to sell a painting as a beginner?
What is it like to be an artist with a photographic memory?
At fine art schools, how is students' work assessed?
What percentage of art is in galleries?
Could you tell us which painting is your favorite? Why do you like it/them?
In what order should I learn drawing skills to a become a concept artist/draw from imagination?
What are examples of variety in art?
Have there been studies pertaining to the differences in visual perception and spatial recognition (colors, shapes, perspective) between visual artists (drawing, painting sculpture, photography) and those without these "gifts"?
Is the painting of a running horse suitable for home ambiance, or not?
Would you say this piece is abstract?
What are some of the best printing companies out there?
What courses would you study at the National Taiwan Normal University’s department of Fine Art - only traditional art, or also art media and digital art?
What would like be like without art and music?
Why do we associate the Renaissance with art?
Does postmodern art employ 'lazier' techniques of art than that of its predecessors?
How can I make minimal art just with PicsArt?
Where I can find best drawing/digital painting tutorials on Patreon or any paid source?
At what point can one call themselves an artist?
Are some actors really excellent fighters that master an art?
How is life like being an artist in NYC?
Who are a few of the leading contemporary visual fine artists, apart from Ai Wei Wei, nowadays?
I'm going to study Fine arts in Taiwan. What should I choose between Yuan Ze University and National Taiwan Normal University?
What are some tips for spray painting fiberglass?
What is your favorite art form?
Does having darker skin make the eyes look bigger or smaller?
What are your opinions on modern art?
Is there a famous painter in history who was banned from an art gallery for persistent attempts at retouching his work?
What do you think about painting the inside of a China cabinet black?
How does one go about applying for an entry level position in an art gallery?
How big a deal is it to get a conservator to repair a very small nick in a fine art painting?
What artwork is this? Who made it?
How do I get my art work worldwide, popular and published?
Can someone convince me that Jackson Pollocks paintings are anything other than perfect illustrations of the time in which they were created?
How are art and new technology connected?
Does art produce knowledge? If yes, can accidental art produce knowledge?
What is the reputation of the SF MOMA? How is it different from other museums of modern art?
Will please someone describe the major differences between the painting styles of Raja Ravi Verma and Abanindranath Tagore?
How much should I charge for my artwork?
Is blogging helpful for a new painter?
What kind of paper is best for watercolour painting?
Do you know any art pieces about self-optimization?
What makes the great artists of the past great?
What does sensitive artist mean?
How do STEM and the arts complement one another?
How do I get orders for art and craft?
What is the source of the name "Unit 1" (an art movement established by Paul Nash)?
Why is transparency in art market needed?
How can I promote my scribble as a masterpiece of modern art?
What are some great art books?
How do you become a better art student/artist?
In art, what is local color?
What is Walt Disney's art style?
I bought this painting but it got torn. How can I fix this?
Is it weird for me to see mistakes in other people's drawings when they are clearly better than me?
It is important to know anatomy in order to become an artist?
Which are the best online art galleries in Europe?
What great art is currently as unwanted as Pre-Raphaelite art was in the 1960s-80s?
Is film making an art or commerce?
Why did academics believe 19th century society was degenerating? How did this affect art and culture?
Is photo reference in art cheating?
Why aren't fine arts important in schools?
What are some great examples of postcolonial art forms?
Were many visual artists influenced by their eyesight problem?
How can I learn to draw and paint?
Which are some best institutes for fine arts or design in India?
Is "folk artist" the art world's equivalent of "red neck"/”hick”?
How can I show my artwork blog to the public?
Should art not be explanatory?
When in history was copying of paintings/drawings first possible?
I graduated with Bachelors degree in Fine Arts, majoring in Sculpture. What are the best scholarships to pursue masters in sculpture (ceramic) abroad?
Are there true artists out there who don't know where to apply their artistic talent and skills?
What was Picasso's type of art?
How do you feel while making your own baroque art design?
Has anyone have any paintings by the painter called "Helagson"?
What kind of joint compound is good for art on drywall?
What is the purpose of all kinds of art such as pictures, paintings, sculptures etc?
How do you find and choose a painter/decorator?
What are the elements of style in art? How can they be described?
Do experts over-analyze the meaning of art works?
Why does “Jean-Michel Basquiat” painting, “Mona”, have a bitcoin sign on if it was painted in the 80's?
How can I become a CGI artist?
How do I get admission in the Sir J.J. College of Art for a fine art (drawing and painting) course?
What are some aspects of art that I should look for when developing a taste for it?
What are the best Modern Paintings?
Are colored pencils a good medium for fine art?
What are some facts about Henri Rousseau and his paintings?
What is your interpretation of Stoneham's painting "Threshold of Revelation"?
Can I opt for economics, fine arts, English and psychology in a BA course at the same time?
Why do Russia keep on creating top-class artists?
What is the number of people interested or buys a painting or an artifact or any art related item?
How can I be a better artist?
What are some examples of the formal elements of art?
Why do so many Western artists inherently illustrate Europeans in the modern paintings of precolonial North and West African civilizations?
What should I name my art studio if it takes place at home?
Is FLAME University good for the arts?
How intense is a Master's of Fine Arts in Drama?
What contemporary or classic artwork is darkest and most bleak?
Who is a better artist Goldlink or Tory Lanez?
What is the use of art?
What is Siddharth Shingade's reputation as an artist?
What should I call my home art studio?
When is Art sexy and sensual?
What packing material would be best for small, painted sculptures?
As an artist , (professional or as a hobby) have you ever succumbed to believing others artwork are better then yours? How did you handle this?
How was a traditional Japanese painting made?
Why should I be an art major?
What is good art?
How can I help make the world better through graphism and art?
How is Art measurable?
At what point does my art stop looking like piles of garbage?
How can I become a gallery artist from a hobby artist?
Where can I get high resolution images of ancient paintings and art?
Why is comedy perceived strictly as entertainment rather than art?
What is faceting in art and how do artists use it in their paintings?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous painter?
How did Jacob Lawrence's artwork make you feel?
Why is the modern art that look meaningless and simple worth millions?
How does painting reflects one's behaviour?
What is the best way to approach a reputable gallery?
Are there any books where sketches of buildings in traditional Chinese style were painted in phases?
Can I be considered an artist if I don't earn money from my art?
What is an abstract element?
Did Henry Holiday plagiarize John Martin?
How could I make money from these kind of arts?
How was History affected by Piet Mondrian's art?
What art prints would compliment caricatures?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
Why do people think art is far away from our life?
Do you think that the answer "Any art once was modern art." should be collapsed if the question is "What do you think about modern art?"?
How could you make a fake crystal (eg. labradorite) for an art project?
What are the steps to painting?
Who is considered to be the top 5 influential artist/painter in the US?
Do you think that governments should give financial support to art galleries?
Where can I find a list of the world's best abstract paintings?
What is this painting called?
Can I get into the Oxford Master of Fine Art (MFA) without a relevant Bachelor's degree?
How do I make sense of modern art?
What brushes do you use for painting?
I keep making the same mistakes in my drawings. How do I overcome this?
What do you think about modern art?
My 12 yr old cousin wants to enter different mediums of art, she already paint, and draws, how could I help her?
How much RAM do you need for digital art?
How can you get top class painting services which charge you a fair price?
What is the scope in commercial arts in India?
Which is the world's best digital art ever?
What is the flowing rhythm in art?
What is a method with which a non art student can create their own art style?
Is love an art?
A weird question. What can I draw for my little sister? I'm going to give her an empty art book, and I want to draw on the first site.
My mother is a painter, how can I help her to secure an exhibition in a gallery?
Are there paintings of Lisa del Giocondo other than the Mona Lisa?
How did you get better at drawing and painting?
How Glendale Creative Arts Academy (GCAA) school is?
Why are paintings so expensive and how does one really value it?
How much should I sell a 6x4 foot canvas painting for?
How would I draw old fashioned art?
What is the best digital art program for a beginner?
I'm looking to buy a couple of paintings to get a small art portfolio. Is price negotiating with the gallery ethical/accepted or not a good practice?
What makes a still-life painting a masterpiece?
What are your favorite examples of dada art?
Can two artists with drastically different art styles make a good looking comic?
I did ~700 figure drawings in 2016. How does my performance as arts enthusiast compares to others in a field?
How would I dress for when I make kitsch art?
What supplies do I need to mail artwork reproductions?
What is a good analysis of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
What is the importance of painting studio?
Where can I find a buyer of a rare sculpture?
What do you think of Chinese painting?
What is creative art about?
What is the best way to scan line artwork for publication?
Which place in Hyderabad sells oil painting materials (canvas, brushes, colours etc.)?
What is art and its aspect in the world?
How can I reach out to an artist to order a painting of my picture?
How does one get to display their work at the Tate Modern gallery?
Why do art critics ignore M.C. Escher's work?
Does silicone caulking have poor longevity/archival quality as a scultpure or painting material?
How do I combine my interest in Fine arts, performing arts, and studies with my earning field?
I came across these paintings by a group called Zebrating. How do they make these?
How can I sell high-end artworks to museums?
What social media is best to make an art portfolio?
Do we have equal right to comment on works of art?
What inspired Vincent Van Gogh?
If you could only visit one art museum in the world, which one would you choose?
How does one submit art for display at MoMA?
When comparing images (paintings, prints etc.), how do we decide that one of the images could be an allusion to the other image?
How much do I have to practice art to stop sucking?
Do you know what this 16th century painting represents?
If "anything can be art" then doesn't that mean art has no definition?
What are the chances an art critic spots a painting (scribbled on white canvas with pencil) that falsely claims to be from CY Twombly as a fake?
Why aren't there any classical painters?
What are the best art fairs around the world to exhibit and sell modern art?
What is the point of art galleries?
How can I start to sell paintings at a higher price? My current prices average from $500-$900?
What are some of the most famous paintings of clowns?
Who was the first painter who painted the final judgment?
What are some examples of art being too deeply interpreted?
Why are some pieces of art invaluable while others are worthless?
How do you interpret something as abstract as a Picasso painting?
Are Mandalas and Zentangles considered to be art?
What hobbies don't involve art?
Where can I see some of Michelle Gaugy's artwork?
How do I interest a gallery in showing our artwork?
Where can I order unique Sculpture?
Which movie's art direction has impressed you the most?
Where can I upload my artwork that will guarantee as best as possible that nobody will try to steal it?
Is it legal for an art gallery owner to refuse to sell a painting to a visitor?
What is brutalism in art?
How are art start-ups like Cupick, Paintcollar, etc. doing in terms of profit and sales? Isn’t it too hard to sell art on merchandised products?
What makes van Gogh strikingly different in fame?
What kind of art should I combine with 1980's workout girls in my drawings?
What should I repair in my art studio I want to learn?
Why are there drawing competitons? How can someone judge art?
Why is music so popular compared to other forms of art?
Is art advancing?
Can you please tell me what kind of jobs can we have in Germany when we have a bachelor's degree in fine arts, paintings? Thank you.
How do you feel about making art?
What can I do to get an A* in a level art?
What are some art-related jobs?
Are there royalty-free photo sites for oil paintings on the internet?
Does an artist temperament influence his style of painting?
This maybe an awkward question but anyway, how important it is to learn about the biographies of artists to have a career in art?
Why do we look down on art and artist?
Who painted the simple blue stripe painting?
Can I resell a famous painting if I painted it myself?
In (not limited to) America, the street artists seem to be pretty decent. Why do they choose to do street art instead of pursuing a career in art?
What is the meaning/explanation behind the abstract painting "Interchange" by Willem de Kooning which was sold at a record price of 300 million USD?
What are general painting tips?
I'm 16. How can I display my art?
How good are art experts in recognizing the author of a painting they have never seen?
What is the best art gallery in Kolkata?
How can art and architecture collaborate?
Are there any courses available for a 15 year old in fine arts in Kashmir university?
What is kama art?
What does art mean to you? What does art mean today?
How prestigious is Academy of Art University?
How do I prepare for MSU Baroda for fine arts?
How can a visual artist optimize cost per impression of artwork on paid media channels?
As a beholder, how do you know if a work of art is any good?
What are the different types of art mediums?
What are some good websites and books to learn about artists and art styles etc?
What are some amazing drawings you have seen with a deep meaning ?
To artists: Do you still work on your art even when you are unpleasantly sick and ill?
What kind of people buy Surrealist paintings and what is the best way to reach out to them?
Is 'art theory' meaningful to you as an artist or as an audience?
What is the simplest waterpainting you have drawn?
Does SAIC teach practicing career artists or does it’s heavily theoretical approach primarily train future curators, critics or professors of art?
What are some art pieces today that look like from the Renaissance Era?
What are the best oil painting that you have seen?
What is oil painting?
Which platform is the best for selling artworks like paintings?
Should I study FINE ART abroad or should I just study it in my own country (vietnam)?
How do you fill negative space?
What is the meaning of the painting "Crucufixion" by Salvador Dalí?
What would our world look like today if we had no imagination?
How can I sell my art at Sotheby’s?
Who is an art consultant?
What are the criteria for a painting to be economically valuable?
Walter Benjamin, an art god, said, “creativity is passé, and art is only good as working class propaganda”. Why is there no mention of this in Art History?
How do I channel my emotion into art?
Do you have any informatin about Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
What is the name of the type of painting where the paint is splattered on the canvas, or is it just called "splatter painting"?
Which Photoshop version should I get for digital art?
Did professional artists know what they will be working on when they were starting out?
Are there any interactive public art installations in San Leandro, California?
Why does every painter have a distinct style?
What art can you create that is 100 percent free?
What is the best art smudge stick brand?
How do I prepare for the entrance exam for the MSU Baroda for fine arts?
How do you make an art journal?
Where can I sell my artwork in Bangalore?
Is fine rare art a great investment?
What is rock art and why is it important?
What are some fruit paintings created by famous artists?
What should I name my art studio at home?
How do I learn epoxy painting in India?
What advice would you give a Bachelor in Fine Arts (U. of Cape Town) with a MBA in Art Management (Paris School of Business) looking for a job in USA?
What are the main characteristics of Italian Baroque art?
Why do some male artists like having ponytails?
What is your favorite surrealist painting?
What is the difference between the concept of beauty during classical era and renaissance period in terms of art?
Is Gangnam Style the greatest work of art so far in the 21st century?
What are some of the characteristics of post modern art?
Are there any free online art school-like-things that are good?
How is death an art?
Is taking up ARTS or design degree okay after engineering?
What is street art?
What are the formal properties of art?
How do I, at 13 years old, become an amazing artist?
How did Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres implement neoclassical elements into his painting the Grande Odalisque?
What does it mean when you see an Illuminati painting in your boss's office?
Is children's artwork better than modern art?
How do normal artists become famous artists like M. F. Husain?
How is knowledge produced in art?
How would I make kitsch art?
Why are court proceedings often painted by artists and almost never photographed?
How can I do encaustic painting with crayons?
What is your favourite Japanese painting?
How do I learn patch painting?
What is process of lending paintings from one museum to another?
How would art speak to somebody?
Why are terrible, boring art pieces done by famous people worth so much while beautiful pieces done by amateurs are worthless?
What is an additive sculpture and what are some good examples?
Where can I buy good artworks in Coimbatore?
Why was the Mona Lisa influential?
When have you felt most artistic?
Can a face art be imaginary?
How do you develop a unique art style?
How can I display my artwork (portraits)?
How did impressionism influence modern art?
How do I make a 3D painting on paper?
Would continuous bicep exercise weaken our drawing/ writing /painting skills?
Why were there so many nude paintings during the Renaissance era?
Do you need to be relatively good at hyper-realism to be considered a good artist?
Which piece of art can I buy on eBay for less than $100,000 that will raise my status the most?
What did you really like in the artwork?
Where can I find some top blogs that feature arts and crafts by other artists?
What is this style of art called?
I’m 14. How do I improve my own art?
Why haven't photos replaced paintings?
Have you or anyone you know learned how to paint from watching Bob Ross?
What can I do to improve my art?
Is the perception of art a form of pareidolia?
How would you define, categorize, or otherwise classify this type of photography?
How has a film, book, piece of music or any other significant work of art inspired or influenced your own work or the way you look at the world?
What should I do with my art degree?
What makes great art great?
What paper size is 105x70 cm and does it have a name? Can I find a frame for it?
Why is the deer such a frequent motif in Buddhist art (paintings/ sculptures)?
How can art and science meet?
Is it worth to sign up to art therapy for beginners course at Udemy?
How do I find the artist of the antique paintings?
How would you explain art to an alien?
What is the title/artist of the oval painting hanging in the living room on "All in the Family"?
Who is the top art collector of photorealism in the United States?
Would there have been botanical prints, shoe drawings and a Chanel perfume painting in Carrie Bradshaw's 1986 apartment?
I need a name for my art studio my name's Kevin Mulder any ideas?
What do you think of my newly created artwork?
How do you draw digital art?
Do Japanese schools value art education?
How does Painting contractors work?
How do I find people to buy my art?
How can I frame a silk painting?
Any famous paintings were introduced in a novel like Munro did in her Runaway?
I have a marketable piece of artwork that I would like to license out for royalties. What is the best way to find a licensee?
What makes art valuable? Is it the same thing that makes it "good"?
What caused impressionism to end?
Who is a better artist Paul Klee or Kandinsky?
Under what conditions does art thrive in regards to the collective?
What is the best way to stay artistic?
How does art make a difference in the world?
Is art getting better or worse?
What is the worst example of "modern art"?
In order to get into fashion school, do you require an art portfolio?
How does an artist enter his/her first major auction?
Where can I find high resolution old masters painting online to study or reference?
What is integrated art?
Why does Germany have such a rich culture of music, literature and art?
Could this art style be successful for children’s books?
What skill does a child develop from finger painting?
Why is l'art brut so unique?
Is my unique type of painting appealing?
What is 2D art?
Why don't college art history classes discuss modern art from 21st century?
How would I make kitschy artwork?
Who is the highest paid living fine artist?
Why do some people say taking a life is an art form?
Which of these pieces should I enter for an illustration art competition?
What are some best apps that oil paint beautifully?
Why does my painting look patchy?
What are some ugly sculptures?
How can I use a 20 square/metre spot near an Art museum ?
Do you appreciate art created in Photoshop just as much as traditional art?
How can I learn to make my own website catering to people selling art and people looking to buy art?
How do I paint over an oil painting?
I’m looking to learn to bind my own books eventually, can anyone provide InDesign specific advice?
What are some characteristics of Hellenistic sculptures?
What are some creative career options for someone who majors in fine arts, has a minor in computer science and then pursues medicine?
Is there any special meaning to the piled rocks you can find in a number of remote spots?
Which college major provides the strongest tools to become an informed citizen?
How do I become an art teacher in Las Vegas?
Can you make a living as a digital fine artist?
How would you explain Modern Art?
Are there other painters on this site?
If I want draw 2D pictures on the computer, what program should I learn?
Which are the good books on appreciating art (painting) for beginner?
Does art keep you grounded and how?
What are your favourite pieces of art that have a deep hidden meaning?
Where should I focus on while writing a review about an art festival?
Will bulldog clips damage my original drawing?
What is your favorite art?
What is the purpose of a PhD in the field of humanities and arts unlike STEM areas?
How is fine arts in BHU?
Does selling art prints ruin an art galleries credibility and reputation?
How are Madhubani paintings made?
What are some best options for a wall art in my office?
How can I print such painting to hang it in the wall?
How do studio/gallery artists go about hiring models?
Why do some artists “overshare”?
How do I use textured white with paints?
What are the best fine arts colleges in Punjab?
How can I pursue arts academically if I don't want to adopt it professionally ?
Why was Dali Catholic but made really surreal paintings?
Why do oil painters start drawing the borders with brown paint?
How much is the Painting worth on the Led Zepplen iv album?
What are some paintings you have look at twice before you get them?
What is street art?
Is taking up ARTS or design degree okay after engineering?
Does the art of persuasion actually work on people?
Do art teachers throw away old student art regardless of maestralitty?
What is marble name art?
What is the reason behind the Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I of England painting?
Should I pursue concept art at age 19?
What is a 2D sculpture used for?
What art print could complement a vintage art exhibition poster?
Are you another version of me?
Why do people insist on referring to the art technique of stippling as pointillism?
Can fine art still change society?
Why is art important in history?
Why are court proceedings often painted by artists and almost never photographed?
What do people want to know about art?
Is art subjective? Can somebody say that something "isn't art" just because they don't enjoy it?
What is your favourite Japanese painting?
What are some good resources to learn more about composing abstract vector art?
Why do you think my literature professor strongly stated that music has to be the most important form of art over literature, visual art, and such?
Are there any general standards in Art?
Is “Mona Lisa” considered the greatest of all paintings or is it simply the most famous?
Where can I find a list of fine art grants in the United States?
Why was the Mona Lisa influential?
When have you felt most artistic?
Do you like Gustave Doré’s paintings?
How was the artwork made the MILKMAID by Johannes Vermeer?
Are you into contemporary art?
Are there university courses abroad that fuse advertising and fine arts where you can make more interactive ambient installations for brands?
What is routine in a fine arts college?
Is it easier to control a water brush than a regular water coloring brush?
What is your favourite masterpiece painting?
How can I tell the quality of a painting from just looking at it?
If Van Gogh was brought back to life today how do you think he would feel about the fame and value of his work?
What is the famous art of Japan?
Do charcoal and graphite artists take a picture of their drawings with a higher contrast so as to get more darker and blackier picture?
Are you into old-school art?
If you own a Death-Star, what is the best colour to paint it? If it does not work, can you get a refund?
Which type of artwork will take art to next the level In current century? In context like Picasso did in his times and it made him exceptional.?
What do you think of my artwork?
How can the dominance art style be explained?
What are your creative awesome art?
Should governments subsidise the arts? Explain your answer using relevant examples to illustrate your points.
Which art is currently the world's most demanded? What has the greatest potential in the future?
What all things should I include to prepare an art gallery brochure?
Can I get a Master's in Fine Arts without a BFA? I have a BA in business.
How do I get sketchy line art?
Are there any great art tool shops in Ōsaka worth visiting as an artist?
What does a painter feel and think when they paint?
I have a painting by Janos Kardos that I believe has appreciated in value. How do I find out if that is correct? And then how do I sell it?
What is the big deal about the Mona Lisa painting? Why is it so admired and treasured?
What should I do with my art degree?
How do I get 95+ in CBSE fine arts?
What's it like for an artist with amnesia to see/hear their own work for the first time?
Is there a way to become a better artist other than "drawing more"?
What is the meaning of art?
What is the blackest paint the most light absorbing paint ever invented?
If I was the owner of this app (Quora), what would you say to me?
How much does a Sol LeWitt wall drawing cost?
What are some ways to seduce you?
Could someone show me a piece of extremely offensive contemporary art?
How can a beginner artist avoid being "pretentious"?
What is the day like at an art college?
How do you draw digital art?
How can Pablo Picasso's style of painting be explained?
What course are present if I want to learn fine arts after engineering?
How do I balance between practicing drawing and school?
How does Painting contractors work?
Where do I find contemporary paintings?
What is non representational painting? What are some examples?
How can I convince someone that people do make a living by creating art?
Do you view appreciation of art as a spiritual activity?
As an artist, how can I KonMari old recordings, artworks, writings etc. that don't spark joy but I feel bad discarding because they were my creations?
I have a marketable piece of artwork that I would like to license out for royalties. What is the best way to find a licensee?
How do I know if my art is sellable?
Who is a better artist Paul Klee or Kandinsky?
What art print could complement a vintage art show poster?
I want to sell my digital composite images as art pieces. What's my best option to maximize value? One-off archival giclée prints?
What is the role of an artist? What are the most important skills an artist can have in general? In regards to politics?
How can I make art if I am not gifted?
What are some awesome names for an art business selling handmade paintings?
What should be the marketing strategies of an online art gallery to position itself?
How do you identify if a certain type of drawing paper is of archival quality?
Is it ok to work on two art pieces at one time?
Why does Germany have such a rich culture of music, literature and art?
How do you write out the medium for a digital art work as you would a painting?
How did Renaissance painters mix their paints, and what did they use to paint on?
What are some facts about aboriginal art?
Which art majors can lead to a good career?
How could you make an ordinary artwork/painting expensive?
What program do professional artists use to make pixel art?
Why do artists use sketchbooks?
What are the business strategy to promote online art gallery in India?
Where can I find local arts and crafts in Denmark?
Is it possible to create visual art if you are not able to empathise?
What are some movements in art right now?
How great was the influence of Egypt on modern architecture and art?
Why is Damien Hirst considered an artist?
What are some best apps that oil paint beautifully?
Why does my painting look patchy?
Have any Indian artists created art works comparable to those of the Renaissance period?
How would one go about in developing a taste for art?
Who is Itzchak Maghen?
How can I learn to make my own website catering to people selling art and people looking to buy art?
Which kind of paper do I choose for watercolor painting?
Is it better to have students who are attending my art workshop bring their own supplies?
What are some recommend books or resources for artists interested primarily in artistic, rather than commercial, success?
What is high art? What are some examples?
Is there a relationship between the great spy of the 15th century Giuliano de Bartolomeo del Giocondo and the famous painting La Gioconda?
Which college major provides the strongest tools to become an informed citizen?
Which is the best painting institution in Jammu?
Do they teach Photoshop in Digital Art University?
In art, what are the different types of transitions?
I am 17, going into my last year of highschool. I aspire to have a career in the visual arts. How should I prepare?
Is it possible to get an article published for free in newspapers?
What is the importance of Michelangelo in history?
Where should I focus on while writing a review about an art festival?
Why is concept art important, and what would happen without it?
Why do you think there are so many questions on Quora regarding art? Does this indicate the power of art in contemporary society?
What do you think of questions where the asker wants opinions on his or her art?
What is some contemporary Islamic philosophy that discusses the role of art in society?
+-why do people think art can be pretentious?
What is a day like at a fine arts school?
When did Paris become the center of art in Europe?
How are Starving Artist paintings made?
What qualification is required for admission in Sir J J School Of Arts in degree course in Fine Arts? When will the admission start?
Why are we attracted to painful art not only paintings or drawings, but poetry, music etc?
Where can I watch people painting in Tilt Brush online?
What are some best options for a wall art in my office?
Who made the sculpture of Samudra Manthan at King Suvarnabhumi Airport?
Could you make this sound true "you don't own a thing in this world"?
How can I sell my hand painted saree?
Is it legal to complete an art commission for money if it mimics someone else's copyright? (e.g. an oil painting of Iron Man)
Why do some artists “overshare”?
What brand of oil paints did Lawren Harris or any artist from the group of seven use?
What are the most beautiful paintings representing women in your opinion?
Under what conditions does art thrive in regards to the collective?
How do professional musicians function in a world where music is more accessible than most visual art? How does that relationship impact the public?
Did Velázquez try to avoid painting?
As an artist what's your purpose for making art?
When an art gallery is open by appointment only, can anyone request a visit?
Which art piece have you done that you are most connected to?
How can I promote my YouTube art channel?
Can I use “Fabriano Bristol” drawing paper for art exhibitions or do I need an archival quality paper?
Why we need to varnish paintings?
Do you have an art that you want to share online?
How do I "loosen up" my art style?
How do you clean your brushes after painting with enamel paints?
Do you really believe in abstract painting?
How is Rossini oil painting different from other types of paint?
Can I find the meaning of life through the study of art?
Where can I find artists that are willing to work for a price? (New artists that wouldn't ask for a lot of money)
What are some ways I can improve my art?
How important is it for an artist to have his paintings recognized and appreciated by others?
I am new to oil painting on canvas. I am curious, what are the best household items you can use to thin the oil paints?
How can you determine if your paintings have any value?
What's the meaning behind C.M. Coolidge's painting "A Friend in Need"?
Are there colleges which offer admissions directly into masters for fine arts (without a BFA degree)?
Are there any online courses or YouTube channels for art (drawing and painting)?
What's the same between Expressionism and Impressionism (art)?
How do I add art to my conversations?
Why is art nowadays so different compared to art back in the Renaissance period? What is modern art to you?
What brands of watercolors do professional artists mostly use?
Who are the finest amateur artists on Quora?
Is art necessary? If yes, then why?
What are some specific qualities of post-impressionist artworks? What are some examples?
Is it better to paint with plaster on wood panel or canvas. Which among the two is likely to have the least of problems down the road?
Is there a girl in Vancouver for me?
Can I provide deviant art pictures in my mobile app?
Can doing visual arts in school get you anywhere?
What is Justin maller's art type?
What are some examples of dominance art?
Who are some artists (any kind - music, painting, sculpture, writing, poetry) who have both public and private artworks?
How much can you earn selling art on a market stall?
What are the pro and cons of taking art major?
What are the differences between abstract and representational art? What are its similarities?
Has anyone created a drawing or painting of their dreams?
Why has Millais' "mistake" not been addressed by art critics?
What are similarities and differences in the paintings of Van Gogh and Munch? (e.g “At Eternity’s gate” and “The Scream”
Did you pursue a career in visual arts only to realize that you don't enjoy it in spite of being skilled at it?
Are there any living artists who have sold a single painting for $1 million+ USD in 2009?
How did Pablo Picasso change the world with his paintings?
What is the importance of visual arts?
What is Act of Painting?
Can freshmen get into UC schools without satisfying the fine arts requirement?
When did you go from aspiring artist to artist?
What are some strategies for restraint in your art practice?
I'm a self taught artist of five years. I'm still in high school however, so what can I do to become a better artist?
How do you paint your roof and not spill paint?
How do you make seapunk art?
Is it necessary to be famous to be able to sell your art?
How do I buy paint for my painting business?
How do you get better at art if your current art is terrible?
Can you give historical instances of artists who were famous in their time, but then for some reason lost their fame and are not famous now?
Is the resultant marbleized paper an art, an art form, or a technique/method?
Are religious Jews allowed to make sculptures or paint portraits?
How can I make my career in canvas painting?
What is an easy drawing or painting which portrays your perception of a fruit vendor?
What do you think about this comparison between John Martin's painting and Henry Holiday's Snark illustration?
My art prof. wants me to embed a small photo of the piece I’m referencing into my paper. How would I do that in MS Word ’07?
Would you buy an art print that has been laminated?
What was William Lethaby's contribution in art education?
Can you show me some amazing artwork of any kind that you have done?
I am good at drawing and painting. How can I make a good future out of it?
How does art commissions work?
How are visual artists protected or regulated by the law?
How is 3D used in art?
Do people who lack interest in art and literature have a disorder?
What is ephemeral art? How is it made and what are some examples?
What are some of the defining characteristics of Caravaggio's art style?
What is the historical significance of the Guernica painting by Picasso?
In what ways can I improve my art?
What is the best way for a traditional artist to start learning digital art?
How do I make money creating and selling concrete sculptures?
How do I buy art?
Can you keep the proceeds of an expensive piece of art that was stolen and has been missing for decades that you bought at a thrift store?
What is the best way to store unmounted oil paintings on paper or canvas?
Do artists have to sell their art cheap when they first start out?
What are the cut-offs in Mumbai's top colleges?
What is the essential to start in the business of buying and selling art "paintings"?
Yayoi Kusama's "Infinity Nets" series psychologically and contextually resembles Abstract Expressionist work so why isn’t it part of the movement?
Is painting with plaster on canvas acceptable or a bad idea? Why?
What makes logic an art?
Do artists subconsciously paint some of their own physical characteristics when painting?
If you could eat the whole universe, and end the show, would you do it?
What are your best visual arts?
What is the best way to sign a psychedelic painting?
What is the importance of art in education, society and life?
What would you do if you can't stand the beauty in things like painting, music, dance, and every other arts?
Why is Velázquez often considered the best painter ever?
Is Pencil drawing allowed in picasso international painting contest?
Can anything be considered a fact in the Arts?
How do colleges view anime-influenced art in admission portfolios?
Is it wasteful for artists to use new materials to create artworks?
How new or old is the art trend of painting with toothpaste?
How do I use art books?
What's the status of Fine art market in India?
What's so great about Philip Guston?
How do modern day flamethrowers learn the art?
What is the difference between stippling and pointillism?
How do I learn to make art?
How do you create art?
Do people still commission paintings?
What do you think about my paintings?
What are best institutes for visual and performing arts in India?
What piece of art or popular culture has had the biggest influence on politics?
What are some interesting paintings of Kaiho Yusho? What did they represent?
Are there any psychopaths who make worthy art?
What should we do of our old unused notebooks and art paints received from school?
Do you need experience before you go to art school? Can someone who has very little knowledge of art be successful?
Why are one of my classmates calling my drawings ugly, when they’re really not?
Can an object created for a functional purpose achieve the status of art?
How can you make everything push you to your home (infinite presence)?
Why do you love painting?
What painting style is this?
What are some examples of simple paintings done by famous artists?
What are the works of modern entertainment that will be remembered as classics, in the future?
Can I create art out of used maxi pads?
Is digital art easier than traditional drawing and painting?
Who is the most successful designer/artist from RISD?
How would you describe watercolor painting?
What is the importance of non-representational art?
What is a technical definition of an artwork which is dull, boring or lifeless?
If I drew colorful lines on a canvas would it be considered art?
What are characteristics of Impressionism? How is impressionism used and what are some examples?
Why is art related to humanities?
Who paints by channeling?
How do painting and coating differ?
What aluminum can sculptures/art can I make with around 50 cans?
How do hotels typically buy art for their locations? How do they source art pieces?
What are some examples of current art that strives to capture beauty without ideological motivations?
What is the best illustration of how life imitates art?
How did art start since the very beginning?
What is your poem about?
Do you know this artist? I found this while cleaning and wondering if it was worth anything.
What are the some of the useful online sources one should follow to become a great artist?
What do people mean by altered art and what is the purpose behind it?
What kind of drawing paper do you use for selling your finished artwork?
What’s the difference between a spectacular artist and a museum-renowned artist?
How can I make an abstract painting for an art competition?
What is humanistic art?
When a piece of artwork is described, what does it mean when the artwork is described as follows: " a painting after Claude Monet's Water Lilies"?
If Donald Trump would be a famous painting, what it would be and why?
What are the differences and similarities between Roman and romanesque art?
What is a reader/anthology of the best writing on (preferably non-contemporary) art?
Where can I find art techniques to paint with?
Why do people like to create art?
How do I help my sister prepare for a career in Art?
How did commercialization affect art?
Are there any examples of artistic nudes, whether paintings or sculptures, with visible anuses?
What is the difference between art and music?
Who are the greatest portrait artists?
How much has French influence on world cinema and art declined since World War Two?
What should I do if my art prices are too high?
Did Raphael write about how he practiced art?
Why is the fine art market so large and mysterious?
I want to buy a drawing / painting for my room. Which painting would you recommend?
Does Mehndi art has a name like mandala?
Is it true that the Mona Lisa wasn't famous until it was stolen?
What are some fascinating global art projects?
What constitutes derivative art considering everything besides nature is designed by someone?
What are some of the visual description of texture, pattern, time, motion, and balance on the Great Wall of China?
What is your favourite medieval painting and why?
Why do the concept artworks always look better than the actual products?
Is this an accurate description of a furry, or should I say more about the art?
Can Muslims own a bust sculpture (sculpture of a face) or a full sculpture that is disfigured?
What should I do after my bachelors in fine arts?
In what way is art freeing?
Are there any online schools where I can get a bachelor of fine art degree?
Where are most people getting their paintings framed?
What's the funniest art that you've ever seen?
Why does Mark Rothko's art look so much like wall paint?
Will 3-D printing make it irrelevant whether you own the original or a reproduction of a masterpiece painting?
Which family has the largest private art collection?
Which is the best fine art college in India for MFA?
What does the art of a chokin vase consist of?
How can I buy art online that isn't mass produced?
If we, global citizens, were to paint a moral portrait of the US, what would it look like?
How much do art history students learn about music?
What is your favorite symbolic artwork?
What do you think of Frederic Leighton's painting Flaming June?
What transparent finish should I put on an aluminum art piece that will protect it on the outside wall of a garage through a Minnesota winter?
What are the best names for a craft and art gallery?
What is the scope of creative art classes?
How do I prepare for Sir JJ School of Arts and MSU Baroda?
Have you ever thought about learning to draw or paint?
What courses can I take if I'm interested in both physics and fine art?
What aspect of the artwork (Thomas Crawford's statue of freedom) does Vivien green Fryd find most significant?
Are art galleries in India owned by a businessman?
I own paintings from a deceased painter, do I have the rights to make book, calendar, poster, card?
Modernist Art: What piece of art could be compared to the The Good Soldier novel by Ford Madox Ford?
How does painters/artists appreciate/assess the quality of art of another?
What are the different types of ancient arts and crafts of India having significant economical significance ?
How long do chipboards last and how thick do they come in?
If you had the ability to invent a new branch in any one type of art and revolutionize it, which type of art will you choose?
How do we know if something is an "Art"?
How have advances in television diminished or accelerated fine art?
What is your favourite painting from the Elizabethan era?
Is it there any streams like arts, science and commerce in ISC 12th?
What is the role of Art in crisis?
What are great examples of art used in marketing?
What characteristics define non representational art?
How do you create art like the ones on DeviantArt?
How good is my art? How could I improve in it?
Do I need commercial rights to use The Great Wave of Kanagawa painting?
In what room would you hang this 1973 surrealist, erotic fine art lithograph by Salvador Dali?
Which depiction of "Jufith Beheading Holofernes" in Pinacoteca di Brera is Caravaggio's original?
What are the competitive / market dynamics in the auction house industry (i.e., Sotheby’s, Christie’s)? What are the main threats to the status quo?
What do you do when art stops pouring out of you?
What is the estimated value of a Dave Mann and Roth 66 original biker art print?
Why did some artists purposely draw/paint with inaccurate anatomy?
How can religious art inspire others?
What is a formal analysis of sculpture? What are some examples?
Who are some inspiring artists who did the impossible?
How do I buy artworks from museum?
What's the difference between an art job and art career in Los Angeles, CA and how can I find an art job to make a living from rather than a career?
What is the name of the art style in which the picture is made up of dots, the tonal variation dictated by the proximity of said dots?
How important is studying other artist work if you are an artist?
Does time move in art?
What is the process of starting an art exhibition?
What are some examples of social or cultural critique in art?
How many youngsters really take painting as a profession?
In this Dali lithograph, Dali took Rabelais figures and placed them into his surrealist world. Does the central figure adapt to its new surroundings?
What are the best universities offering the 'Contemporary Art practices' course in bachelors of art?
Is there an online platform to display my art skills?
Are Printful posters’ quality good enough for Fine Arts Giclée reproductions of oil paintings?
What art pieces are the closest to The Charge of The Light Brigade"?
What is a Hellenic sculpture?
What's the difference between crayon and paint?
Which paint is good on canvass?
People who learned to paint as an adult, how did you do it?
How can I put my painting exhibition in Kolkata?
What causes the inside lines on zig zag/compression folds?
How do you produce a sensational art exhibition these days?
Do art historians think that art in last 200 or so years has lost its way?
For sinterklaas (Dutch holiday) I have to make a DIY project for a woman who likes yoga, art (collecting), reading and singing. What can I make?
Does the size of an art gallery matter? In particular if it is small. (not tiny though) And how does one maximize or play up the space.
How many women are interested in painting?
How did early artwork embody democratic values?
What's equivalent to an art degree?
Should creatives and artists upload all the work they complete, or only their most quality?
What was the philosophy of the School of Pont Aven?
I am thinking of applying for a masters in fine arts. Could anyone please guide me on how to make a portfolio and what to write for my CV and SOP?
Which Indian contemporary artists are influenced by graffiti art?
Did any of your sketches which you tried to draw someone ended up anyone else?
What are some hacks for painting on canvas?
Where can I get art paintings in Chennai?
How does copying existing art improve your own art?
What is a good book about how to talk about your art?
How do you know what to sketch?
What do artists mean by "wrapped canvas"?
How long should a gallery try to sell an artists work for?
How did Renaissance art influence the Baroque style?
Why did ancient architecture intertwin with Art?
How has art work on emotions resonated or commented relative to the world?
What does the exploding clock in Salvador Dali's painting "The Persistence of Memory" represent?
What are the best pens to be used for creating zentangle art?
How do I fnd a signature of a painting of a little boy on a beach holding a small pail?
What artwork do you have?
How do you start up with an art journal?
Can you separate art from architecture?
What are interesting online communities for fine art photography?
What materials does one need for (traditional) Zen painting?
Do you have to be an artist yourself in order to be an art restorer or curator?
Do you think art classes are necessary?
What are some good art supplies if I want to do mix media?
Why do people invest in the arts? Why is art so important that people are willing to contribute money to it instead of the charity?
What is the relationship between art work on emotions and the world?
What are some drawing strategies to be a better artist?
What was the impact of the reformation of art and architecture in Europe?
How do you stop sucking at art?
If Donald Trump would be any famous painting, what painting or piece of art it could be and why?
What was the inspiration behind Fred Grayson Sayre's work? How was he affected by it?
Is abstract art really art?
Does mathematical art have a future outside architecture?
What are some ways to preserve an encaustic artwork?
Which contemporary artwork do synesthetes feel best represents their condition?
How can I find Surrealism art collectors?
I need to choose a type of art like literature or painting during a time period that had a major impact on that time. Please Help?
How can I make painted silk look glossy and exclusive?
What are the borders of Art?
How can I appreciate the arts as a scientist?
What is the first step for getting into collecting / dealing art?
Where do I find an example of art exhibit proposal letter?
I'm to write a descriptive essay on a famous piece of art. Which piece of art should I choose?
What are some common themes in Deaf art?
Can an artwork be considered to be a question?
What body painting expos, if any, are popular?
What are fine arts classes in college and how should you prepare to enroll in them?
I'm a beginning painter and only two brands of acrylic paint are available where I live: Staedtler and Art Advantage, which is best?
To which period does the Buddhist art at Ajanta belong?
Is it true or a myth that craft paint due to the less amount of pigment lasts only as long as watercolor?
What is the best type of paint or markers for canvases?
Why did painting and sculpture decline in the middle ages?
What are the features of Romanticism art?
“Art is I; science is we” (Claude Bernard). What is your opinion about which has done more to unify societies, science or art?
What is the analysis of the painting "Birth of Venus" by Botticelli?
Who is the famous artist who painted the picture of horses, maybe polo, with a large pole going right through the middle of the painting?
With two-dimensional media such as painting and drawing, should mass be implied? How does one imply mass in drawings and paintings?
Who are the prominent portrait painting collectors today?
What are the top ten reasons why the Italian art is unique in the world?
Why are Picasso's paintings the most valuable in the world?
What do you call an art style that takes unpleasant things and turn it into art?
Can I use my body to paint on canvas?
Can an art piece which was done with cheap materials turn into an expensive one?
Did you ever spend USD 5000 plus on the work of art? What made you comfortable spending this amount?
Is it true that Indian history has been painted by Sanskrit or braham paint?
Are there any super realistic portraits done by disabled artists?
What type of art is it called when you look at a picture and draw it without tracing?
What is in the gloss that makes a paint last longer compared to other types like satin, flat or matte?
Who are some artists whose work appeals to mathematicians and computer scientists?
Where in the world can I learn the true art of listening?
What are the good oil and acyrlic paint brushes to buy online?
Are there any sculptures/statues of Antonio Corradini in Prague?
How can I sell my art in India?
What do you think about this art work?
What are the painting techniques of neoclassicism?
What is an example of representational art?
What is it like to visit the Uffizi Gallery?
How do I improve my sketching and painting?
Where can I learn to paint on the internet?
How do different form of arts influence racism?
How can I learn how to create art?
What's the best way to blur the edges of a dried watercolor painting? I want to minimize brush strokes that are visible now that the piece has dried.
What are the best Indian contemporary instillation art works?
What was the modernist art movement known as Soviet Constructivism, and what was its influence on Strike (Sergei Eisenstein, 1925)?
Why is Jade Kandel so good at art?
Which are the best places in Delhi to sell arts and crafts?
Is it acceptable to copy other artist's work in order to improve my own?
What are the best art collections found in the Victoria and Albert Museum?
How do I make a simple photo art in my living room?
Do I need to be a skillful artist to create valuable art?
Have any artistic mediums actually come to an end or been completely explored?
What are the characteristics of Chinese painting?
Is it legal to recreate a famous painting?
What are the most provocative pieces of art ever?
Which is the best app for painting?
How can I recognize a lithograph picture?
Which state of India is still devoted to progress of art and literature?
I have an old painting of renowned Indian artist which I would like to get restored and valuate. Whom and how should I approach?
I want to become a commissioned artist in Bangalore. Where and what should I start doing?
What was Vincent Van Gogh's main subject matter? How did this play an important role in his art?
What can you learn from western paintings?
What are the some of the best and different type of painting?
Is there an equivalent of the US National Film Registry for books?
Why do a lot of people say that an artist is "cheating" when they use a reference photo for a drawing?
What, in your opinion, are some of Bob Ross' worst paintings?
Is this an overlooked masterpiece?
Which of following designs is superior?
Are there any legitimate reasons why someone would use latex paint for art?
Who was the artist that made Dropbox’s Chrome Panda?
What does the additive process of sculpture include?
Did Vincent Van Gogh really eat yellow paint?
How many of you like Tanjore paintings? Are you ready to buy?
Who changed and revolutionized Florentine painting?
What are some failed avante-garde styles in the cultural and artistic realms?
What are the best movies that animate paintings and painted art?
Why do galleries reject artists?
How do you recognize an Impressionist painting?
How was your experience at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York like?
Is art only art once it has been recognized?
How do you define art? What general characteristics do you find in 'true' artist?
What do you think of possible return on investment in contemporary artist Nicholas Chistiakov?
I’m looking for a painting that depicts a woman, her maid and the decapitation of (possibly) John The Baptist. Could you help?
How do you flatten watercolor painting with water?
Why does modern art need a concept?
What are the secret messages behind the paintings?
Are there any animals that create art, outside of dancing?
Is drawing of random fishing nets on canvas considered art?
What are some mistakes to avoid when painting or making a collage on wood?
Do art galleries do better in cities or upper class suburbs?
Where is the portrait of Galileo painted by Domenico Crespi da Pasignano?
What are some good and easy Spanish paintings I can draw for an art project?
Are/were there any collectors of African-American art in Peru?
To become a painter, is it important to have a fine arts degree?
How is art evaluated?
Do you know any famous artists who made Halloween art?
What paintings do you feel moved by?
Why are canvas paintings by famous artists so irrationally priced?
How do you apply gold leaf (both real and immitation) on canvas?
How can I animate without a digital art pad?
I'm an art student in Sweden, would I be able to become an architect even though I study in an art program?
What arguments do Art advisors use most successfully to convince the client to buy particular artwork?
What prompts artists to employ an avant-garde style in their work despite knowing that it can potentially receive criticism?
How do you obtain an art-gallery representation if you’ve never had it?
How can I buy Angela Dufresne paintings from 2011-14? No works are for sale in any gallery I can find. Is there any way to locate owners?
What can be an idea to depict that art is the medium to feel science?
Was Modern Art the CIA “weapon”? According to some declassified info in the press, it was. Is Contemporary Art used as the propaganda weapon as well?
How can I enjoy fine arts?
What is classical Roman art?
What famous pieces of art have been lost in tragedies?
What are some best art model paintings?
Have you ever acquired art at the fairs such as The Armory Show or Frieze art fair?
What parallels and differences are there between art jewellery and fine art?
What is an implied texture? What are some examples?
Which art piece is your favourite?
Why is the painting "The Raft of Medusa" important and controversial?
What are the characteristics of classical art?
Would this painting technique be safer on watercolor or bristol board paper as opposed to a primed canvas?
How do you draw watercolor painting on digital art?
How does visual art help us connect to the past?
What are your thoughts on my painting?
What kind of brand can I create with minimal cost, but with time and persistence could be worth a lot?
Why should every art lover appreciate video games?
Is there a way to make unpaintable surface?
Can we say that art and science are related?
Can I use my painting art skills in AR and VR for context creation?
How does your first painting look like?
Does a viewer need to know the artist’s intent to enjoy/understand art?
Do I have an Alberto Giacometti Sculpture or just a clunk of Metal?
Were arts and artists always considered useless?
Where can I find information about painting with mixed media?
Is self-expression the primary purpose of art in today’s world?
How does art bring positivity in the work place?
Where and how can I sell paintings in india online?
How do I preserve a painting done with poster colours on a normal drawing paper?
Do great artists find or wait for inspiration?
How does visual art create a sense of community?
Is there any paintings evaluater course in the world?
What makes art interesting for you?
Which form of art are most hard to produce?
Where is the Flotilla fresco located, and who painted it? What is its historical importance?
Would anyone consider paying a painter to paint their walls a custom original design?
Will joining an atelier in Florence help me as an artist or is it a fancy expensive hobby?
What medium was used in the "Guernica" painting by Pablo Picasso? Why was that medium used?
What can I do if I have a degree in fine art textiles?
Which is the best institute for fine art evaluater course in the world?
How much do I price tag my painting on canvas with oil paint and soft pastel to sell?
As an artist, how would you describe your feelings for your muse?
Why is it believed that life imitates art?
What are disadvantages of doing non-representational art?
Why are Frederick D. Ogden paintings considered works of art, and what are things that set them apart from other painter's art?
Should young artists and urbaneers destroy art world relics as the only relevant target that signals to enemies of future justice?
What drawing or painting describes your personality and why?
What is the best base used for painting clay sculptures?
What is Pablo Picasso style of art? What makes his art unique?
Where can I get most luxurious look for domestic painting in Paddington?
What do you learn in an MFA in studio arts?
How do traveling art collections generally work? What happens if someone wants to buy a piece from the collection while it is still on exhibit?
I am an artist from India, how can I sell my paintings internationally?
What is the relationship between architecture and art in Daniel Libeskinds Jewish museum (Berlin)?
How can I profit from art's subjective value?
Artists: What is the strangest piece of art you have been commissioned to make?
How much can a person really make by selling DIY projects like, concrete pots and art online?
Do you know who did the red paintings for Jessica Pearson's office in Suits and do you know what it's called?
What are the least common techniques used in non-representational art?
I consider myself to be an artist, but lately I have been slacking off when it comes to actually creating art. How do I find inspiration?
Which films are a must see for visual artists?
How was art affected by the Crusades?
Do more people buy framed paintings than non-framed paintings?
Is the Carracci's painting a baroque style?
What is the significance of the painting "Lady of Castile" by Jose Puyet?
What is "the social art of architecture"?
What are some considerations you should have before starting painting clay sculptures?
How much is my Van Gogh painting of Sunflowers painted by Rosenberg worth?
What is about "World painted blood" by Slayer?
What should I do if I am good at art?
Why was impressionism art rejected?
Which European monarch/general/noble had the coolest portrait painting?
How do I sell art online and become successful?
Is crashing pop cans considered art?
What is the payscale of a masters in fine arts in India?
What is the equivalent to human statues, busts, and renaissance paintings permitted or used in Islamic art?
What is the best art to copy?
Is it ok to illustrate over a book page from inspiring publications to sell as reproduction artworks?
How do I turn an idea of a painting into reality if I'm not a good artist?
What is your idea of America's “best” work of art?
Are there any websites similar to mutualart.com which give artists performance and sales graphs for free?
What are some of the most important characteristics of Chinese paintings?
Which artist do you like? Why?
What are some of the better known paintings from Puerto Rico and who were they painted by?
How should I start digital art and design?
What does it take for an artist to be well recognized?
What are the best fine arts pictures or images?
Does censorship kill the aesthetics of art?
Is it wrong to have a very emotional or powerful piece of art in a portfolio when submitting it to a college?
What do you think about the art courses of Paul Klein, are they truly effective?
How important is it to have a first class undergraduate degree when applying for a fine arts program in Oxford?
What are the top 10 ballet companies in the US? Why are they considered to be the best?
What is Thomas Gainsborough's most famous painting and why?
Should I continue with my art or drop it while I still can?
How a new art website can attract art enthusiasts to post drawings?
What is the significance of "The Ignudi" in Michelangelo painting?
What are the characteristics of Nujabes' artwork?
Why Warhol change the way the art was?
How can I compare and contrast different paintings?
What should one learn in order to become an Art Curator?
How will apps like Prisma affect the future of fine artists?
How should aspiring artists relate to others who don't appreciate what they are doing?
At what point would a piece of art be considered plagiarized?
Where can I found efficient painters for small and large commercial painting projects in Paddington?
Are the floors of art galleries and museums generally not carpeted?
Who is C. Roberts and what paintings are he best know for?
Where can I hire trained painting professionals in Paddington?
What is the meaning of the painting "Lilith" by John Collier?
What are some characteristics in Saron's paintings?
What are the best ways to improve as an artist?
What are some of Ray Parslow's successful designs?
What techniques can I use to sketch a life size, full-body picture of my girlfriend?
What is Thomas Gainsborough most famous painting? What does it represent?
How do I contact a Chinese national agent/agency to represent me to a gallery to sell original artwork?
What do you call the style Egon Schiele used in some of his artworks?
What is the global population of art collectors?
How common is it for artists to create art intensely personalized for the experiences of people they know? (esp their benefactors)
What is the meaning of the painting "Exploding Tardis" by Vincent Van Gogh?
Where and how can I apply to be a nude art model in Delhi for painting and sculpture?
What is the historical background of Japanese art and what are some examples of it?
What are the job prospects in India for fine arts?
What are some characteristics of pop art and what are some tips to identify it?
Was Van Gogh unlucky in life?
What is the difference between textile art and fiber art?
I work as 3D artist for 12-14 hrs/day. When I get home I don't want to do any art-related thing. Does this mean I'm not fit to be an artist?
Is there a way to prime a canvas witbout gesso for oil painting, and without animal products?
What type of sculpture is the famous Watts Towers?
How can a high school student learn to draw like the masters?
What is the target of applied arts?
Which painting form is easiest to transition to from (sub-photo) realistic graphite drawings?
What is a prime example of art from the Hellenistic era?
What are some examples of comics with non-conventional art styles?
How do I sell a 500k collection of fine paintings if I can't afford to open a gallery?
Why should I choose Indian paintings?
What is the unique feature of Tanjore paintings?
Why isn't brown used much in abstract paintings?
Do you enjoy visiting art galleries even if you don't intend to buy anything?
How can I meet people who are interested in modern art music?
How has religion affected art?
Why is Claude Monet considered to be an impressionistic painter and not a neoimpressionist although he has painted many pointillistic paintings?
What is the reason why Michelangelo's sculpture "David" is considered a masterpiece?
I do a lot of painting on the side. What is some advice for someone with no artistic resume to sell their work? I live and work in NYC.
What important skills do you think an artist should have other than technique?
Is consoling an art or am I an insensitive person?
How is sculpting more difficult than painting?
Why do lowered heads look strange in pre-Rennaissance art?
How do museums of movements, like De Stijl, make the art fresh for young visitors?
How can you make a Tanjore reverse glass painting and what are some examples?
Who are the best living artists?
How has art movements changed the world? Do you think its a crucial part in the ordinary curriculum?
What kind of Art is this? How would you identify this style of artwork
Is it fair to pay fine if missed a day at college?
What are some affordable art schools for digital illustrations or concept art?
Where can I find 12th century art in New York?
Why did Italy produce so many great artists around 1300-1600?
If you could become one of your characters/artworks, which one would you choose?
What basic art theory should every artist know?
How it is justified to say, art is above these things?
What are some of the best art galleries in England?
Where can I post my paintings for the world?
How do I make my artwork look finished?
What makes art valuable and what is the importance of valuing art in society?
Who is the finest artist of horses in your view - and why?
Is an art fair a good place to contact a gallery?
Did Vincent van Gogh only paint?
I have a painting that is signed by B. Mitchell. How do I know it is his real art?
Is there any platform for artist who paint tshirts?
For how much would you buy this painting?
Of all Michelangelo's sculptures, which sculpture says most about him as an artist and human being?
How did cubism influence art styles such as dada and suprematism?
How do I scale up a drawing?
Which website on fan-art do you like best?
Is anyone interested to invest in an art gallery in Singapore?
How do you feel about art?
What is the meaning of the Green Coca-Cola Bottles painting by Andy Warhol?
Can you get a good quality art reproduction print from a sRGB file?
How can I improve my realistic drawings?
Why is the only known photograph of Van Gogh NOT in the Van Gogh Museum? The published photos of him at 13 & 18 years are photos of his Brother Theo.
Who would win in a drawing competition? A painter or an architect?
What should be the price range for sketch commission of fanarts and art prints?
What is art as an expression of human experience?
Can I Apply for MA Fine arts without BA in Fine arts in universities abroad?
Who is the wealthiest painter and what are his/her paintings?
I'm very technically skilled as an artist (drawing, painting & with digital graphics), but I feel I have 0 creativity/inspiration. How do I find it?
I'm a beginner at Digital arts/paintings and progressing. What would be the best PG course in NID for me?
What is the best way to stick your canvas on a painting board?
How can I find my enjoyment in art again?
How do I create a paint that changes due to temperature?
What is InkTober?
How does the Art world meet the Digital world in the future?
Is an artwork which is conserved and retouched worth investing?
How do I price my canvas art work in a gallery?
What does this Chinese painting say in English?
Why are the paintings in the Collector's Corner website so expensive?
What are innovative Marathi names for art class?
Who made the Van Gogh photo?
What are some ideas for a transformation art project?
Where can I sell my own paintings online?
What is contemporary abstract art?
How can you make sculptures using sugar?
How does Hoisel create his art?
What are some of the great mixed media art pieces?
What does "One cannot escape the world more certainly than through art, and one cannot bind oneself to it more certainly than through art" mean?
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen and artisans to the realm of fine art?
What is so different about B. Mitchell's art?
I am great at fine arts; but the thing is I love chemistry as well. Is there any career option where I can combine both of my interests?
Who is the artist responsible for an image consisting of a group of red circles and a black dot, quoting James Baldwin?
What is an art appreciation class?
Is photo-realism an art form or an exercise in technical excellence?
If you were given a chance to change the world as a politician or an artist or a technologist (or any other profession) what would you choose and why?
What message does the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton convey?
What is the meaning of the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton?
Can I learn to draw Outside Environments in three months?
What is the difference between constructivist and suprematist art?
What is the difference between fine arts and visual arts?
What are the hacks to getting votes on an online art contest?
How do children learn to paint?
Can a landscape in its natural form be considered an art piece?
What is warli painting?
Can fabric paints be used to paint on canvas?
What is difference between paint varnish enamel and lacquers?
How long does a copyright stay active for a painting?
Do artist have different skill?
Do you ever navigate digital collections of paintings? What is the reason?
Why does music have a greater emotional impact than visual art when we are predominantly visual beings?
Where can I find some easy and unique ideas to do some water painting on paper?
Why do artist have different perception?
Is a museum the best place to see and appreciate art?
I am sketch artist, I want to exhibit my art, where can I put my art?
How much paint required for painting badminton court?
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen/artisans to the realm of fine artists?
Why do artist differ in the way they express themselves?
Is pornography a form of art?
What is impressionism and where did it come from?
What are artworks like The Last Judgment; either of MichaelAngelo or of Bosch?
What are the aesthetics of high renaissance art?
What are the most creative forms of art that you've tried?
How do I find a source for Hartman's paintings or sketches that inspired Mussorgsky's "Pictures from an exhibition?
Should I feel bad about some of the paintings in my art exhibit?
How long did it take for you to land your first job after graduating college?
Where do I find abstract art for sale?
What makes a good painting?
My art is weird what can I do different?
What is importance of 3D art?
What do you like about contemporary art?
How can I make my own app to sell my paintings?
I recently discovered my passion in creating art. How can I get into a career in drawing/painting at 23?
How long does gold leafing last?
How can I make my career in painting?
How are artworks like this made? Are they digital or real?
Are smartphones killing the fine art of conversation?
What are the best concept art colleges in India?
What is photo painting?
What is the right way to pronounce "Venice Biennale"?
How do I get over missing art or find it?
How can I sell my art in Japan (online)?
What is the first thing you see when you look at the image in the details of this question? What does this piece of art mean?
How can we understand the birth of an artwork? Van Gogh's intimate letters is an example, do we have others?
What is like to study in Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
Why does painting take so long and how can you learn to paint?
I want to sell my art but how do I go about doing this?
What advantages does Manga Studio offer over traditional art made on an art desk?
How does Judaism see music and other arts?
What artists have used mathematics to create art?
Was Hitler's art work good?
Can I post my drawing progress on deviant art?
Why do people have a desire to create art?
What is the relationship between Ancient Chinese Painting and Arab (and Persian, Central Asian) Painting?
What art, movies, music etc have you been introduced to by other Quorans?
What is the best way to find clients to buy my paintings online?
What are the fine and applied arts?
Is it true that any work of art ever produced could have been greater?
What did the Uffizi Gallery originally serve as?
Are there any successful Christian artists today?
How do I make an algorithmic art?
Do you know any paintings that depict humans in agony or burning people?
What are the different things between artist and painter?
Why is corrosion prevented by painting?
Can the entire history of someone's thoughts become a painting?
Do you know of anyone who got into an art & design college with a really low GPA?
Why is Fernando Amorsolo's "Planting Rice" painting so popular?
What are the 3 types of art? What are some characteristics of each?
Does digital art history tarnish the romance of discovering long-lost masterworks?
How conceptual is "Conceptual Art"?
Would you enjoy a dance performed by a robot?
What are the general characteristics of sculpture in the rococo period?
What can be done to preserve and promote tribal art forms?
What art styles did cubism influence?
Why was the Arnolfini portrait painted?
Which website do you often buy art materials from?
What is the difference between contemporary art and industrial revolution art?
What is fractal abstract art?
Would you buy paintings online? Why or why not?
Why is the David sculpture famous today?
What artistic technique did Giotto help pioneer?
What is the best all time medium to making art?
What are some great resources to learn how to make custom anime art prints?
How am I supposed to improve in art?
Where are some galleries where I can submit my art in Melbourne?
What is my painting worth?
What is New media art?
How does Jose Parla compare with Jackson Pollock in terms of abstract expressionism?
What is your definition of "All art into one"?
Who is the most multi-talented artist alive?
What is the history of a painting?
Where can I find photographs to use as basis for art painting?
What piece of art are you most proud of?
What's the best way to start an art gallery specialized in pop and contemporary art?
How do I become a successful webcomic artist?
How do you like the canvas art?
Is it legal to sell art or be an artist without having a proffessional degree?
Is it worth buying Copic Marker pens?
What are some decent paints but not too expensive suitable for marbling (fluid) paintings?
What is digital painting?
What is the most moving piece of street art you have come across?
What can I do to help my daughter excel art and design?
What is smart art? How is it elaborated?
What's your best educated guess to the value of these 10 paintings?
Should I submit an arts portfolio for my college app?
Is it worth selling art prints from India to other countries?
Who buys art from websites like RedditARt, Etsy, or other unknown artist sites?
What is the history and significance of Van Gogh's paintings of sunflowers?
How should I quickly identify a western art painting's genre?
What are the top painters best paintings ever?
How do I charge for painting?
What should I do to find some inspirational object to sketch or paint?
Can I use the creation of man painting commercially?
Have you ever modeled for an art class?
Are there people on this planet who dont get influenced by marketing and the art of seduction?
How do I prepare for masters in visual art from Aurobindo College?
What abstract artists use mathematical proofs in their art?
I want to switch my field to fine arts. I'm currently a working professional. Can someone tell me what is the eligibility criteria for fine arts and which are the institutes (India/abroad) offering such courses?
What are the best universities for MFA (Masters in Fine Arts) in creative writing?
What are some of the most important artworks?
Do you prefer local art or prestigious art?
Who are the most quintessential L.A. visual artists?
How do I start selling Digital Art online?
Where do I find an art pricing guide?
Why is drawing on canvas considered art?
What is abstract digital art?
Do art collections each have their own message?
What's the difference between minimalist style and empty form?
What are the best PU Colleges (grade 11-12) in Bangalore?
Can drawing realism make you a better artist?
What type of copy right issue can be faced by making fan art from famous anime personas as art prints?
What are the different types of painting canvas?
If I do arts then what careers I can do in future?
Would you consider some trends as art?
Will I be unpopular among girls if I bluntly tell them I respect artists but art in most forms bores the snot out of me and I tend to avoid it?
How 3D art are formed in our mind?
Who are some female Renaissance artists?
Should an artist focus on a single history-making project or multiple less impacting ones?
Where can I find nice paintings for my room? Any online websites?
How is Germanic tribal art made?
How do I make a wall art with pencil?
How can I improve my artist sketches?
Is fine art considered the "best" and most valuable overall?
What are some of the best artworks of anthropomorphisized animal warriors?
What is the difference in apex and ace paints?
If a person is good in glass painting what job suits him?
Who provides commercial painting service in Australia?
Who is your favorite deceased fine artist?
What is the difference between the Academy of Art University and an Art Institute?
Are there very few art museums in Vietnam and are the museums there mostly historical ones?
Do I have to take fine art major in order to be successful painter?
Where can I learn Tanjore painting in TamilNadu?
What are the two signs of a Vincent van Gogh painting real or fake?
Who provides painting service for residential and commercial area?
How common is it for meditation to make artists so calm that their art quality declines? (b/c their best art is triggered by emotionality)
How do I create a public art installation in NYC?
Where can I download my paintings?
What are the best NON-major art museums in Paris to visit?
What relationship exist between science and politics as an art?
Where do I learn Mural painting in Bangalore?
Why am I not interested in art?
Is there a data base of scafa-tornabene publishing art prints?
What are some cheap and worth-your-money art colleges?
What is the painting on Garib Rath train coaches ?
How can I get rid of art talent?
How did the script change in Turkey from Arabic to Latin influence art and visual culture?
Who is your favorite fine artist in San Francisco right now?
How can I sell my paintings through representatives?
What are some strategies to win at high end art auctions?
What does an art adviser do?
What is the second most famous painting?
Which countries have the best career outlook for fine artist?
What is an art movement?
How do I focus on one interest as an artist when my goal constantly changes?
How long is a painting on cardboard likely to last?
What are some characteristics of hellenistic art? What are some examples and how is it made?
Is the pictured drawing a good art piece?
What is an analysis of the famous painting "The Raft of the Medusa"?
What are the options for doing masters after doing bachelor of fine arts (applied arts)?
What is the significance of Art to our lives as a society?
What is so wonderful about drawing, why do people draw and create art?
What is the essence of art?
What iconic photographs, images or paintings are there that relate to choir singing?
Where do I learn Tanjore painting in Tanjore?
What's it like to study in an atelier?
What is art? When would you call yourself an artist?
Where can I get the best painter in Australia?
What is the typical relationship between an art museum and a for-profit gallery as it relates to an exhibition?
I am a young Artist (17 yrs). How can I sell my Art?
Who are contemporary artists that use string?
What's the difference between a paintings retail value and insurance value?
Why is art variety good for a culture?
How do I get my paintings sold?
What are the different themes an Ib visual art student can choose?
Is it true that tuition to Russian Imperial Academy of Art is free?
Are Europeans generally more skilled than Americans when it comes to art (painting, sculpture, etc)?
What makes Jackson Pollock art so valuable?
What caused the Social forces (Art industry) during 1886 to 1990 in Europe?
How long did it take for William Turner to finish one painting?
What is the art from Joe MacMillan's wall?
Who is hot in the New York art scene right now?
What are some of the different styles of paintings? How are they used?
What if I can't read the artist's signature on art or sculpture?
How do I make an image look like Japana's Makoto Shinka's Art?
What marks the real difference in learning keyboard by oneself and taking classes from a professional artist?
Which is the best kids painting software?
Why artwork will help you to be at your creative best?
What are the Greek contributions to sculpture?
Does Germany have a good Fine Arts program?
What is marketing of visual arts?
Who is the historic character holding the scroll on the far left of this painting?
What is the best books for entrance exam of fine arts?
Why do people leave bad reviews on trip advisor about art galleries with the explanation "I don't like art"?
Is physics the same as art?
How do you know if an artwork is good?
Do you think art can make a person more creative?
How much should an art advisor who is new to art market but has excellent knowledge about market charge the client?
Why would digitally printed glass not be considered art work?
Are there similarities between Islamic Art and Byzantine art?
How Salvador Dali become an artist? How did he influenced modern art?
What's the best way of digitally scanning a watercolour painting?
How does art help in personality?
What are the basic requirements of oil painting and also how should a begginer start with oil painting?
Which university in Japan has the best Fine Arts Department?
How does a decoupage and a collage differ from each other? How are they used in famous artworks?
I have artwork and sculptures I want to sell, but I can't identify the artist. The ones I can identify are so rare, how do I assign a value?
Can someone identify this artist, who is from Glasgow around the 80s?
What are some tips for making my AP art studio final portfolio?
Is it true that fine art graduate tend be to less successful than those who take other art major such as graphic design, illustration, animation, etc?
What are good techniques to use push sells of my artwork?
Where is biggest art museum in South India?
Why are Salvador Dali's paintings so valuable?
What course should I pursue if I love to do the below things?
Is digitally printed glass considered art, and why or why not?
How can I get better at art, since I am currently a very bad artist?
Are art and music a part of science?
Why do they put art on postage stamps?
Should an artist focus on a single history-making project or multiple less impacting ones?
What are some good ideas for surrealism art?
Where can I find nice paintings for my room? Any online websites?
How popular is Impressionism in art and how did it become popularized?
Could famous scientists and mathematicians be able to achieve greatness in an artistic field?
How do I make a wall art with pencil?
What is the best way to display photos at a solo exhibition?
How can I find a cheap water painting kit in UK?
What is that specific word for a practise/study painting?
How can I argue that content is more important than form (in art)?
If you are painting when do you know you are a true artist and not just an amateur?
What do you call that art style from 40-60's?
What make artists different from other people?
Are there very few art museums in Vietnam and are the museums there mostly historical ones?
What are some films about the love of art?
What are some of the biggest mistakes that artists (painters, sketchers, sculptors, etc.) make?
What does "line quality" mean in art? What are some examples?
I am an artist. I love art. Drawing and designing is what I love to do. What are the career options I have?
How did Italian Reinaissance art and Northern European art differ?
Is there any organization or a place where people can gather and practice visual art such as drawing or sculpting in Mumbai?
How do I create a public art installation in NYC?
Why do people buy weird modern art to hang on office walls? Here are two examples of what I’m talking about. These only make me feel disturbed.
How were Goya’s Black Paintings transferred from the walls they were originally painted on?
Does IQ correlate with artistic ability?
Why do Still Life Paintings remain popular today?
Where can I download my paintings?
Does Mona Lisa smirk in the painting?
If thirty paintings entered an international art show, in how many ways can the jurors award three major awards?
Is the concept of "fine" art just a bourgeois concept?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Venus sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
Which are some of the painting to try for a beginner in Acrylics?
How good is the Indian employment scenario for art curators?
How do you scale drawings in DraftSight?
How did Saul Bass create his posters?
What are the best fine arts school or institutes in india?
What are some examples of maths in art?
In Canada, what kinds of art are popular to put on their walls?
What does the Panagia Portaitissa painting represent?
Why is there a skull in "The Ambassadors" painting by Hans Holbein the Younger?
What are some cheap and worth-your-money art colleges?
What is art printing? What are some examples?
What is the painting on Garib Rath train coaches ?
What are some cheap ways for an upcoming artist to expose his art?
Where can I find some adult hand painting kits in UK?
What are some of the characteristics of Greet art? How have they influenced modern art?
How can The Art of War be applied to business?
What are some nice collections of mind-blowing paintings/artwork?
What is the most important content in art?
How do I protect water color paintings from fading away?
How can I sell my paintings through representatives?
Which are top tuition free fine arts colleges for international students?
What does an art adviser do?
What is the second most famous painting?
How do I create dropbox like art?
What are some characteristics that distinguish Islamic art from western art?
Why are King Arthur's paintings so famous?
What is the average price of fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
How should you prepare yourself to take a fine arts course in college?
Is the pictured drawing a good art piece?
Who buys art and why?
What is the minimum grade required to take pursue a Masters degree in Fine Arts/Design in Germany?
What does "R.A., P.R.W.S." next to an artist name mean?
Why did so many great artists live tumultuous lives?
Do you have any tips on lanscape painting (watercolours)?
What is the relationship of Kandinsky's early work to his more abstract paintings?
What is the typical relationship between an art museum and a for-profit gallery as it relates to an exhibition?
What is the best way to preserve art work (photos, drawings, paintings, etc.)?
What is a incongruous art movement? What are some examples?
What are the famous arts of mesopotamia?
What are some effective ways of painting over mold?
How do I sell water colour painting?
What is the name of the most important impressionist artist of Germany? How do they elaborate their art?
What are some famous artists from the Baroque art period?
Why is art variety good for a culture?
How come most cave art drawings are so good and quite professional?
What do curators of brick-and-mortar art galleries think about the proliferation of online indie art galleries?
What do I need to buy to do hand painting?
What is semi abstract art?
How long did it take for William Turner to finish one painting?
How is the content in art determined?
What was Pablo Picasso's painting style and how did his style affect artist today?
What work of art stunned you?
Who is hot in the New York art scene right now?
Could making a collection of artwork based on my disability be considered too self absorbed?
What is the best fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
What are some great art collections available online?
What are some of the different styles of paintings? How are they used?
How long does it takes for Kazuo Oga to finish one background painting?
What are the different contemporary art forms? What are some examples of how they are made?
What Hollywood (and generally, english language) films could be considered art masterpieces?
I have many different art styles, and I'm trying to adapt to only one. People think I'm stealing art because I draw differently in each picture. Help?
As a professional, goal-based artist, what are the main steps (e.g. conception, drafting) to use to complete paintings successfully?
Who is the historic character holding the scroll on the far left of this painting?
I'm intimidated by going into an art gallery but I am so intrigued. How do I 'browse' in such a place without intense scrutiny by the owner?
Why do people leave bad reviews on trip advisor about art galleries with the explanation "I don't like art"?
Are you an amateur painter of any age? Show your top 5 simple, deep & thoughtful paintings.
Who decides what is considered (an) art?
What are some artistic characteristics of the Panagia Portaitissa painting?
I want to create metal and wooden works of art. What tools do I need?
Are there similarities between Islamic Art and Byzantine art?
Why do you think Fine Arts is still considered a hobby and not a profession in India?
What are your most interests in Chinese fine arts?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the UP Dilimans Oblation sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
How can I become a great artist?
Can code be art?
What kind of art would an advanced society create?
What are some famous artists in Baroque period? What were their most important paintings?
What is a self taught artist? How are they different from other artist?
What does finger painting promote in children?
How do I grow a successful Painting and decorating company in the UK?
Why can’t I find any big art supply stores in Delhi? (ones that sell artist brands such as Copic, Shinhan, Sakura, Prismacolor etc)
How has technology changed human art making?
What is the best way to make large wire mesh sculpture?
How can an artist sell a painting every day?
What is in your opinion the most beautiful artwork on earth?
What are best strategy/schools to study post graduation in fine art photography in U.S. for a person who does not have graduation degree in arts?
Why should fine arts not be required?
What is the painting with "nihil" on it?
How are action figures painted?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Bonifacio Monument sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
How often does an English seaside building need to be painted?
What are the major Bastar art and crafts popular in the country?
How is BFA with specialisation in digital arts of UPES?
What can art not express?
What are some examples of the three types of art?
How would you define this art style? How do people make this kind of art?
What scenes are commonly found in Chinese and European famous paintings?
How can paintings be priceless?
Would a painting be worth more if painted by a child?
Should everybody be an artist?
How do great artists and architects cope with the fact that their creations will not last forever?
Do you think that a painting or a sculpture can evoke as strong feelings as a movie or a song does?
How come there are two prices for artwork on artsy?
What's the career choice for artists who can draw and ink well but paint poorly?
Who is the greatest solo artist ever?
How do you make line art on paper?
How do I get into Art Academy of Cincy?
Has anyone had any luck with artist hardship grants?
Digital Art: Has Photoshop ruined art?
What are some examples of sad paintings made by famous artists?
How does the value of art change over time in photography?
Why is Salvador Dali's painting 'Original Perfection' so dark?
What inspired Bridget Riley to make the artwork "Blaze"?
What are some of less mainstream kinds of culture (besides singing, dancing and painting)?
What kind of artwork falls into the category of applied art? How is it classified?
Which paintings are hosted on Wikipedia as extremely high-resolution images (>100 MP)?
How can make asymmetrical artwork?
Why is marble used to make sculptures?
Where can I find art and crafts items in kolkata?
Which is the best sculpture available on ShowFlipper?
What should I be doing as an artist to market myself?
How do you unclog an oil paint marker?
How can I pursue career in painting in India? What college should I apply for to learn painting?
What kind of sculptures were most important in Greek art? Why are they so important?
Is Lin Manuel Miranda a greater artist than James Cameron?
What is the best job option after doing graduation in fine arts?
In any city, do enough people go to art galleries to justify the city's newspaper carrying art gallery show reviews?
Why do artists create still life art? How do they make still life art?
How did the 6.2 magnitude earthquake cause so much damage in Italy?
How many hours went into creating your greatest piece of art?
What is the name of the movie in which every scene was set up like a classic painting?
Why most of the artists make nude figures of females only?
How is the Indian independent art and artists scene in India? By art, I categorically mean designs, psychedelic, doodles, paintings, portraits etc.
What are the major characteristics of Islamic paintings?
What are the characteristics of prehistoric art? What was the purpose of prehistoric art?
What are the basic academic qualifications required to do an ART course? Also, suggest a few ART training institutes.
What kinds of artwork was mainly produced by Byzantine Art?
What is a great watercolor painting instruction video?
What is Leonardo Da Vinci's style of art? How did his art influence artist today?
What do you think of Saatchi Art (the online gallery) . Does it works well on profit ？ Lots of online gallery was building in China recent?
What is the scope for digital fine art?
If there had not been Christianity and Islam, would human civilization such as art and science have been much advanced than now?
What is anti-retinal art? How is it created?
Can you name some sites or a YouTube channel that can help you learn fine arts like professional starting from grassroot level?
How did Pablo Picasso paint Guernica?
What are different areas of art?
What are some movies which you think are pretentious and how would you fix them?
What works of art should we know about from your country and why?
Is the 'spray on' varnish sufficient protection for my oil paintings?
What does "line" mean in art terms? What are some examples?
Is there a notion of completeness in art? How is it defined?
Which are some art website which give current market analysis and trends for famous artists?
What makes watercolor different from painting?
How should I classify my photography of outdoor statue/sculpture in my portfolio?
What are the different contemporary art form?
What are the best digital painting you've produced?
Should we change the way Art is graded in college?
How can I ask a producer for the vocals of one of his songs?
How do I make sculptures?
Would you hesitate to feature your art work on digitally printed glass?
If your child is talented in art, but doesn't wish to pursue it, is it right to keep encouraging them to do art?
What's wrong with telling people how to make arts?
Should the Elgin Marbles be returned to Greece?
What should I do to better appreciate art?
What type of images are common in Celtic artwork?
Which is the best institute for fine arts in NCR?
Should I submit a recording of my music to MIT or Stanford Slideroom if it isn't considered fine art?
What is the best paint in india?
What is the total volume of art deals worldwide?
Let's say I paint a picture of Mickey Mouse and want to sell it- when is this perfectly legal and when would it infringe copyright law?
What are the basic tools in GIMP that can be used to create a digital painting?
How much could I sell art prints for?
What kind of students/person fit better in art schools?
What happened to Doctor Art Ayers? (coolinginflammation.blogspot.com is not updated anymore)
What is the purpose of painting painting the corners in baseball pitch?
What's the best process to waterseal paint ink on leather?
What are few things you wished you had done in art school?
How is art work used in Mr. Robot?
Why is the Jatayu sculpture in the Jatayu Nature Park in Kerala looking like an Eagle?
Who gets to judge whether a supposed piece of art is art or not? And why should I take their judgements as accurate?
What are the things to do for art lovers in pune?
Aren't there free advanced art tutorials?
What kind of artwork can be considered fine art? Why is it called like that?
How can one change the perspective of humankind as an artist and engineer?
What makes Renaissance-era Florentine sculptures different from Antiquity-era Roman sculptures?
What are the formal elements of sculpture?
Where can we sell our art works in India if we are new comers?
Can we sell physical paintings on Facebook?
What is Baroque art?
Will a good paint artist be a good Photoshop artist?
What's this painting called and who is the artist?
What are some restrictions when painting with oil based paint in the state of California?
What are some unique ways to show off photography?
What are some 1980's summer themed wall art?
How do i write an appreciation message to an artist?
What are the major Bastar art and crafts popular in the country?
What category of art would the statues, titled “The Emperor has no Balls,” Donald Trump statues fall into?
How would you define this art style? How do people make this kind of art?
Does a person's way of interpreting art say more about them as a person than it does about the artwork?
How many paintings has Ben Quilty produced? Which piece is he best known for?
What are examples of paintings which have interesting hidden meaning?
Which are famous paintings that are only painted in one or two colors?
What is your Magnum Opus?
What scenes are commonly found in Chinese and European famous paintings?
What are some examples of cases where artists premiered full albums in concert?
Does India lack originality and innovation in modern arts, architecture and solutions for town planning?
What does the agenda of an aspiring artist look like?
What kind of art print would complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?
Where can I get feedback on a few art pieces for an opinion if I have a chance of succeeding in the business?
What art print would compliment leopard print fashion drawings?
What do you call this type of surrealistic art?
What are Isometric drawings used for and when are they used?
Do you think some contemporary art is overpriced?
Who is your favorite sci-fi illustrator and why?
Did Vincent Van Gogh study art?
What art print could complement the Queen Elizabeth II art print by Andy Warhol?
Which are the most infamous paintings by famous artists hiding dark secrets?
What is French Baroque art? What are characteristics of French Baroque art?
What are the greatest works of art funded through the National Endowment for the Arts?
How does the value of art change over time in photography?
Did you have any experience in painting when you were a little?
An artist who has done abstract plant patterns?
Where can I get a consistent level of excellence in craftsmanship and customer service in Brisbane for any commercial painting work?
What are the various types of art media?
What kind of artwork falls into the category of applied art? How is it classified?
How do you symbolized "Why" in picture or art?
What will be scope of fine arts as a career after 3 years?
How often do you visit art galleries?
What do you think about using museums and art gallery for educational purpose?
What are some famous paintings that feature oranges?
Which is the best sculpture available on ShowFlipper?
What should I be doing as an artist to market myself?
How is The Art of War informative and important?
Can color make a sound, what's your perspective for media art artists?
How was photography influenced by impressionism?
What is the art of staying busy?
What is the best job option after doing graduation in fine arts?
Where can I find investors who are interested in drawing and application development?
Who described architecture as a social art and why does he/she describe it as an art?
Is it legal to buy a Van Gogh painting and burn it?
What kinds of artwork was mainly produced by Byzantine Art?
How is the Indian independent art and artists scene in India? By art, I categorically mean designs, psychedelic, doodles, paintings, portraits etc.
What is a great watercolor painting instruction video?
What are some potential challenges artist might face when creating public art pieces that are government funded?
What is this art style?
If language is decorated silence and art is decorated space, what is writing?
Do you think art is a talent or is it something you learn?
What do you think of Saatchi Art (the online gallery) . Does it works well on profit ？ Lots of online gallery was building in China recent?
Where can I hire very knowledgeable and friendly painting staff in Brisbane?
How do I turn an old book into art journal?
How seriously do mainstream art critics take the art of Sri Chinmoy?
Are there any well known artists without art degrees (recent)?
What is medieval art? What did it focus on?
How are artists who draw/paint different from other people?
If there had not been Christianity and Islam, would human civilization such as art and science have been much advanced than now?
Where can I get top quality results and beautiful finishes in Brisbane for any painting work?
What are the materials required for drywall art sculpture?
What are some movies which you think are pretentious and how would you fix them?
I'm studying art, but cannot figure this out. Where do the bangs insert on the head?
What exactly is the Nanyang art style or genre?
Who authenticates artworks by Indian artists like F N Souza, V S Gaitonde and more?
How should my company approach the US market with handmade watercolor papers?
What are different levels of diploma in fine arts?
What should I look for when hiring a painting contractor?
Who are your favorite artists in painting or sculpture?
What are the different contemporary art form?
Why do you make art?
What are some disturbing paintings?
What are some tips for painting oranges?
What is the analysis towards Johannes Vermeer's painting- "The Geographer"?
What was the meaning behind Van Gogh painting "The Scream"?
How is arts and crafts influeneced by parallel projections?
I was wondering how can a fashion brand be inspired by vintage clothing (which has many purposeful details), yet still be minimalist?
What type of images are common in Celtic artwork?
Where will Alphonse Mucha's Slovanská epopej ("Slav Epic") paintings be displayed after 2016?
How do you polish a wax sculpture?
What is the story behind Vincent Van Gogh's ear?
What classifies as art?
Would you consider buying a painting yourself?
How did peoples opinion on arts fell so low?
What materials did Robert Smithson use to elaborate his artworks?
Why is 'The Scream' by Edvard Munch is the 2nd most popular painting in art history?
Which artist drew the most self-portraits?
Which movies are known to be technically superb but artistically questionable?
Do you like painting?
How is art work used in Mr. Robot?
How do I find my identity as an artist?
What piece of art brought you an unexpected emotion or deeper understanding, and why?
What are the various platforms available where painters can sell their art?
I have run a new online art community, I would love to feature some of the local artist, do I have to ask for their permission?
Is there any way to get good art paper without having to buy from strathmore?
What are some of the best artists/musicians that work in multiple mediums?
What are the best sites for me to market my client's high end, Southern fine art galleries?
Where and how do I learn sign painting?
Which is good - being better performer at everything or best in one art?
Can nudity in art be biblically acceptable?
Where can I get professional painting experience in North Sydney?
Am I mediocre artist if my digital art looks terrible?
How do musicians balance producing content to sell and making art?
What kind of artwork can be considered fine art? Why is it called like that?
Can food be art?
What is a vanishing point in art?
I am black and really like Adolf Hitlers artworks, is it wrong?
What makes Renaissance-era Florentine sculptures different from Antiquity-era Roman sculptures?
How do I sell my art (online and offline)?
Why is "Guernica" by Pablo Picasso important?
How is dying also an art?
Where can we sell our art works in India if we are new comers?
Who are some artists who gained widespread appreciation during their lifetime?
What wall decor could replace Carrie Bradshaw's 1980's framed artwork if I'm an artist?
What are some restrictions when painting with oil based paint in the state of California?
What are some unique ways to show off photography?
How do i write an appreciation message to an artist?
How can I market for my scifi illustration/concept art?
Where can I find trusted painting experts in Sydney?
Is there any bright scope in paintings?
Are there any fine art apprenticeships out there?
I'm trying to remember the name of this really young Asian Australian or NZ painter who committed suicide in either 2014 or 2015?
Which are famous paintings that are only painted in one or two colors?
Why is Rangoli considered an art?
What does the agenda of an aspiring artist look like?
How long did it take you to learn sketching and painting on your own?
Where can I get cheap paintings in gurgaon for home decoration?
Apart from oranges, what other fruits are used in paintings?
Where can I get feedback on a few art pieces for an opinion if I have a chance of succeeding in the business?
How can you tell if a Richard Lorenz painting is an original or a fan?
What is your favorite museum in the world?
What is the importance of the Equestrian sculpture of Marcus Aurelius?
What are some famous orange paintings in art museums?
Do you think some contemporary art is overpriced?
When is the art competition of ShowFlipper taking place?
Do you like painting or drawing?
Which is the best Art Gallery in Pune most suitable for modern/surreal art?
What are the best fine arts college in Lucknow?
How do I clean a white painting canvas?
What is the difference between painting and sculpture?
When did Van gogh's paintings increase in value the fastest? Was there a time that the price of his life's work ascended at a great rate?
How big is Asian paints?
Where can I found professional consultation for any painting project in Sydney?
What's the best strategy to identify a market for your art?
I'm retired and an aspirant painter interested in imitating the results of the old masters. How do I set a manageable agenda for self-study?
What are the best art museums in Kolkata, India?
How do I draw a real picture in painting?
What are some art jargons?
What are some best paintings on the topic "out of the world"?
Is there an example of a painting with a frame that is more valuable than the painting itself?
What is the meaning of a green painted curb?
What impressionist paintings are found in the Louvre?
What is the creepiest piece of artwork?
What are the advantages of pictorial sketching over other types of sketching?
What is medieval art? What did it focus on?
How do I make money out of my skills while I am a college student?
How are artists who draw/paint different from other people?
What are some African art characteristics?
What kind of easel should a painting beginner buy?
Is every piece of art built on the foundation of tragedy?
What does "The Face of War" by the famous artist Salvador Dali mean and represent?
What are some really expensive paintings which doesn't seem to be extraordinary?
Can I paint an object with a paint of a color outside of the visible spectrum? Could I somehow use, say, ultraviolet-color paint to paint the object?
If you had to create a work of art with machine learning, what would it do?
Can roses be spray painted?
What and why would be the biggest problem of the world in different domains ? (Domain: scientists, Art, music, sport technology, business, health etc.)
Can you tell me some of the hidden meanings that are in Chris Consani's painting "Java Dreams"?
Who was the best Baroque painter from Nothern Europe: Rubens or Rembrandt?
What is the analysis towards Johannes Vermeer's painting- "The Geographer"?
Did Michelangelo employ the golden number ratio, rectangle, and spiral in his artistic compositions in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
If you buy a famous piece of artwork and destroy it in public, can you be charged with a crime?
I was wondering how can a fashion brand be inspired by vintage clothing (which has many purposeful details), yet still be minimalist?
What is the meaning behind Julien Marinetti sculptures?
What are Michael Lang's paintings like?
Help on pricing this art? My art provided, please judge how much I should price my art!
What is the difference between art and sculpture?
How do you polish a wax sculpture?
What classifies as art?
Does the Golden Number Ratio Principle accurately explain why the golden cut and Fibonacci Numbers exalt beauty in art, photography, and design?
How do you sell art and receive payment under your pseudonym?
How do I start painting my art?
What is the meaning of typological variations in the context of ajanta paintings?
How valuable is the Mona Lisa?
Would it be interesting for the USA customers if I started selling Egyptian ancient history products on Amazon either retailing or drop shipping?
What is the meaning of the famous pitchfork painting?
What is Michelangelo's Pieta depicting?
What are the well known places in luzon for arts and crafts?
Where can I buy the cheap inkjet paper? Non-OEM papers are too expensive
What are the various platforms available where painters can sell their art?
I have run a new online art community, I would love to feature some of the local artist, do I have to ask for their permission?
What is the starter kit required for oil painting in your opinion?
Which school of art would you recommend in Italy, Spain & France ?
What are examples of sculptures like the one Guillermo Tolentino did?
Is there any way to get good art paper without having to buy from strathmore?
How can I make time for my art while studying through a rigorous curriculum in an American medical school?
Why art is essential to life?
Where can I get professional painting experience in North Sydney?
What are good alternatives to Jazza's Arty games?
How can I mannerly and non-disruptive ask visitors in art gallery to consider stop making squeaking noises by rubber soles-type athletic shoes?
Can food be art?
Are there careers for artists in the world of trades?
I am black and really like Adolf Hitlers artworks, is it wrong?
What is the most beautiful artwork of a dragon you have ever seen?
How does Greek art differ from Macedonian art?
Do you like these sketches?
Why is the Mona Lisa considered such a great painting?
What art is this on the rug?
What is the best song or other creative work made after someone got their heart broken?
Who are some artists who gained widespread appreciation during their lifetime?
In what ways can expensive art paintings be used for money laundering?
When and how did impressionism become popular?
Where can I found qualified tradespeople for office painting in Sydney?
What things influenced the Renaissance arts?
How do you manually manage RBG and CMYK colors in Photoshop to create artwork for both print and digital publishing without losing color quality?
How do social and cultural context influence judgements on the quality of art?
Which is the best fine micro art u have ever seen?
Is taking up ARTS or design degree okay after engineering?
Are there any Basquiat paintings with activist John Lewis's name on it?
Why do Russia keep on creating top-class artists?
Is the paint good in China?
What types of paintings are people buying?
How do you explain the art of the Hoysala period?
What are some good pickup lines in an art museum?
How do I study art and culture for GS I?
How can I find out if my idea is good?
What's the best website to post your art?
In which areas of design / art does your country excel? In which does it fail?
How much time do you invest on a single artwork?
What are fine arts classes in college and how should you prepare to enroll in them?
What should I fix in my painting?
What do people want to know about art?
Where can I learn Tanjore painting in TamilNadu?
What are some films about the love of art?
How is "Taste" in art developed?
Is it possible to sell traditional art as digital products?
What should I call my home art studio?
What is process of lending paintings from one museum to another?
Are there any realistic depictions or descriptions of Classical Athens in movies, books, paintings or other works of art?
Why are some terrible paintings so expensive?
How much has French influence on world cinema and art declined since World War Two?
What is the difference between art and music?
Did Raphael write about how he practiced art?
What are some ways I can improve my art?
How can I teach myself visual art?
Is there any organization or a place where people can gather and practice visual art such as drawing or sculpting in Mumbai?
Is the public representation of art superfluous and is what really matters the spiritual benefit derived from an artwork?
Who owns the Mona Lisa? I’m guessing its just on loan to the Louvre.
Are the visual arts considered an industry? What would be the best word to refer to them?
What are the best basic exercises for beginners in art?
What is an additive sculpture and what are some good examples?
Is an art fair a good place to contact a gallery?
What are the steps to make mural art on wood?
What advantages does Manga Studio offer over traditional art made on an art desk?
Is it possible to get kicked out of an art major if your drawings are too shitty?
What are some examples of Hindu art?
How do I add art to my conversations?
What is the significance of Lincoln in Dalivision by artist Salvador Dali?
Where is the best place on the internet to publish/broadcast fine art?
How do you develop a unique art style?
If thirty paintings entered an international art show, in how many ways can the jurors award three major awards?
What should I do after my bachelors in fine arts?
How can I profit from art's subjective value?
How do you define Art of Finishing?
If DeviantArt had its own art museum, what do you think it'd be like?
How do I paint a group portrait with 30-40 people?
What is the difference between ''art for art's sake'' and ''art for life's sake''?
What can I do to improve my art?
What are examples of recent artists that have produced artwork on historical events?
Has conceptualism ruined the arts?
Why is dogfighting a dying art?
What art, movies, music etc have you been introduced to by other Quorans?
Who is considered to be the top 5 influential artist/painter in the US?
What is the meaning of hungry artist?
What are the benefits of hanging a running horse painting on the walls?
Who are some artists whose work appeals to mathematicians and computer scientists?
Is it true that any work of art ever produced could have been greater?
Has Harrisburg ever had an art movement?
What are some nice art projects using paper mache on a canvas?
What are great examples of modern political art?
What are Napoleon Bonaparte's famous paintings?
What is Eduard Bendemann's most meaningful painting?
How do I apply for Maharaja Sayajirao University for fine arts?
What do you think about my paintings, and how can I improve my artwork?
What do you think about this art work?
How do the forces of trade, commerce, and rule affect the art and architecture?
What are the different things between artist and painter?
How do I make an algorithmic art?
Where can I buy Cuban art?
What is it like to visit the Uffizi Gallery?
What are some tips when painting or etching glass?
Is art an essential part of a man’s self?
Where can I find some top blogs that feature arts and crafts by other artists?
What kind of artwork falls into the category of applied art? How is it classified?
How can "The Scream" painting be interpreted?
What are some of the famous paintings of ballerinas or ballet-themed?
What is the most important content in art?
Are there any living artists who have sold a single painting for $1 million+ USD in 2009?
Who is your all-time favorite deviant artist?
How can I find information on the artist Maria Rosaria Petraccone, who did a painting I purchased at Pompeii?
Can I Apply for MA Fine arts without BA in Fine arts in universities abroad?
How can you make art interesting for teenagers?
Does digital art history tarnish the romance of discovering long-lost masterworks?
If artist-quality watercolor paints that are in the tubes are left out in a hot place, like on a boat traveling across the ocean, will the paint still be okay?
What are some strategies for restraint in your art practice?
Where should I download the CBSE 12th fine arts book?
How can I learn how to create art?
How much might a Joesam. painting from 1989 sell for?
How do I get sketchy line art?
What do you think is visual or audible "art"?
What is the significance of the painting "Lady of Castile" by Jose Puyet?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
What are David Bromstad's painting techniques?
How do I create dropbox like art?
Which mangaka has the greatest artwork?
How much is my Van Gogh painting of Sunflowers painted by Rosenberg worth?
What is the big deal about the Mona Lisa painting? Why is it so admired and treasured?
What made Jackson Pollock's painting good?
What is an example of German expressionism in art?
How do I submit art works to modern art galleries?
I'm looking to buy a couple of paintings to get a small art portfolio. Is price negotiating with the gallery ethical/accepted or not a good practice?
How can the elements of art line be described?
What are the best art collections found in the Victoria and Albert Museum?
How many Haitian paintings have you bought in your lifetime?
Which is the best art school in India and not costly?
What is artist creation process?
How can I pursue career in painting in India? What college should I apply for to learn painting?
Is www.sketchonline.in good site to promote my art work?
Why do you think some people have the drive to make art objects? Where do you think this comes from?
I did ~700 figure drawings in 2016. How does my performance as arts enthusiast compares to others in a field?
I own paintings from a deceased painter, do I have the rights to make book, calendar, poster, card?
What art styles did cubism influence?
What are the best government collage to study fine arts in Mumbai?
What are the best ways or channels to get art commissions?
What captures your interest when experiencing visual art?
Modernist Art: What piece of art could be compared to the The Good Soldier novel by Ford Madox Ford?
Who are some people that have done outstanding creative work (technical, artistic, humanitarian, etc.) whose names are not well known?
Which university offers a course of fashion designing and fine arts in Uttarakhand?
What are innovative Marathi names for art class?
What is the Tisch School of the Arts like?
How have advances in television diminished or accelerated fine art?
What is Chaucer’s art of charaterization?
Is it there any streams like arts, science and commerce in ISC 12th?
Which works of art from 1700-1970 portray a woman who blends in with the background?
Where can state-of-the-art papers be found?
Could you tell us which painting is your favorite? Why do you like it/them?
How do I sell my paintings? They are on A4 canvases. I do anime and nature in the UK, and I know nothing about pricing and the art business.
How can I sell high-end artworks to museums?
In what order should I learn drawing skills to a become a concept artist/draw from imagination?
I am 13 and really enjoy art, but I would like to get a lot better than I am now. What advice do you have for me to improve my art?
What kind of easel should a painting beginner buy?
Why do we like art (paintings, showpieces, etc.) although they have no utility?
Could everything that we do be considered art?
How is it being an artist for a living? Why should an artist not work for free?
Why do you have to have a style as an artist?
Is art that people appreciate the most usually tailored specifically to their personal histories (and less likely to be universally-acclaimed art)?
What is the message of the Mona Lisa?
Where can I sell my painting and sketches?
What are the characteristics of a work of art?
What is the best way to stay artistic?
What art or pictures best describe an ISFP?
How does art make a difference in the world?
I want to sell my digital composite images as art pieces. What's my best option to maximize value? One-off archival giclée prints?
What is Thomas Gainsborough's most famous painting and why?
Where I can find best drawing/digital painting tutorials on Patreon or any paid source?
Why is Andy Warhol's repetitive technique so aesthetically appealing?
What is vector based artwork?
How can I make art if I am not gifted?
How should we know what art to censor?
Are Europeans generally more skilled than Americans when it comes to art (painting, sculpture, etc)?
What are some tips for spray painting fiberglass?
How can I line a watercolor artwork, i.e. using liner or colored pencils?
Why does almost all historical art of woman depict blushes?
What is the name of the painting on the CD cover?
Are there any genius artists like Van Gogh who were never discovered even after death?
There's this artist named "takurou". I really love his work. How can I put in a request for a specific doujin?
What happens when public funding is removed for the arts and culture?
What are some of the best paintings of the world?
Is art advancing?
Why are there drawing competitons? How can someone judge art?
Is it ok to work on two art pieces at one time?
If you could eat the whole universe, and end the show, would you do it?
What is an art appreciation class?
If you were given a chance to change the world as a politician or an artist or a technologist (or any other profession) what would you choose and why?
Should artists always be given the freedom to express their ideas?
What are some names of early artists or artworks containing a person with glasses worn on the face?
What are some pieces of art that depict or symbolize immortality?
What do American comics readers think of the manga art style?
How important is a focal point in a painting?
What are some best arts?
What's the difference between crayon and paint?
Where do I find a good online art course?
Are digital artists generally considered to be part of what people refer to as the "art world"?
What is the difference between fine arts and visual arts?
People who learned to paint as an adult, how did you do it?
What styles of painting do US people like?
How can I put my painting exhibition in Kolkata?
How much do large scale interactive art installations cost to create and run?
What causes the inside lines on zig zag/compression folds?
Where can I enroll for advanced​ painting in Kolkata?
Who are some rising or well established female artists in Utah that I could touch base with or follow?
Why is the painting with two fingers touching so famous?
What paintings are the most angry?
If communication is one of the elements of art, would a drawing I create without the intention of communicating not be art?
Where is the best place to find up and coming artists and their artwork?
How many women are interested in painting?
What marks the real difference in learning keyboard by oneself and taking classes from a professional artist?
Does college/art school teach a student how to properly use acrylic paint?
What are some famous acrylic paintings that are easy to recreate?
How do you seal an oil painting?
Should creatives and artists upload all the work they complete, or only their most quality?
Why is despair the root of all the world's greatest art and literature?
How do I learn to make art?
What are the best ways to improve as an artist?
How can I use a 20 square/metre spot near an Art museum ?
What paintings do you feel moved by?
How does something become a museum piece and why?
Is blogging helpful for a new painter?
How can I sell my art prints now and make a lot of money?
What is the name of the huge painting in Baron Chau's living room?
What techniques can I use to sketch a life size, full-body picture of my girlfriend?
What is special about the Mona Lisa painting?
What is the style of Hundertwasser's artwork?
What are some good ideas for painting stepping stones?
Are there legal complications in creating humorous 3-D figurines of famous artists, politicians, etc., and selling them as unique art pieces?
When is Obama going to get an official painted portrait?
How can I critically analyse paintings?
What museum displays the famous painting of Renoir’s “On the Terrace”?
How do you get inspired for art pieces?
Can I sell my artwork on Curioos and other platforms at the same time?
What does sensitive artist mean?
Is it better to have students who are attending my art workshop bring their own supplies?
What are some interesting paintings of Kaiho Yusho? What did they represent?
What are some artistic characteristics of the Panagia Portaitissa painting?
How does the Barnes Collection compare to Museum of Modern Art in New York, The National Gallery in Washington and The National Gallery in London?
How did peoples opinion on arts fell so low?
Can an object created for a functional purpose achieve the status of art?
What is the purpose of painting painting the corners in baseball pitch?
Is it worth it to be incorporated if you're an artist in Canada?
From a philosophical view, why do humans make and/or enjoy art? What is the meaning of doing art?
Is it legal to make art of Supermodels?
What are the reasons why high art falls?
What is the methodology of wood plastic composite painting?
What's the best way of digitally scanning a watercolour painting?
What are the characteristics of Frederick D. Ogden's paintings?
What is the meaning of the famous pitchfork painting?
What is the subject matter of pop art?
What is the best way to interpret Miro's paintings?
What are some best art model paintings?
What is Michelangelo's Pieta depicting?
What are some examples of imitationalism art?
Where do I get hand made art and craft products?
What kind of art would an advanced society create?
What are some mind blowing drawings you have seen?
Why do we care whether paintings are originals, if we can get a perfect duplicate?
What are the characteristics of classical art?
How do people understand images of women in paintings?
What are your favourite pieces of art that have a deep hidden meaning?
Why is concept art important, and what would happen without it?
Why is the Mona Lisa so beautiful?
In art, is there a relationship between spontaneity and value?
What makes a good painting?
How can I show my artwork blog to the public?
What is painting based on poetry called?
Is art becoming increasingly secularized to the rich?
What is your favorite Swiss painting and why?
What are some quotes/ excerpts that can relate to a piece of artwork?
What's the difference between motif and pattern in art?
Why is architecture considered fine art?
Can you separate art from architecture?
Why should every art lover appreciate video games?
How do I market an android app cost-effectively?
What is the best illustration of how life imitates art?
What are the different types of painting canvas?
Why are we attracted to painful art not only paintings or drawings, but poetry, music etc?
How can one change the perspective of humankind as an artist and engineer?
Do you like these sketches?
What are some best options for a wall art in my office?
What are good techniques to use push sells of my artwork?
What is the difference between good & bad abstract art?
Who are some artists who gained widespread appreciation during their lifetime?
What can you fix/create using rope? Examples: "hot shoe camera handle," cable organizer, transporting large sheets of cardboard.
What would be the next level of innovation in an art form like pencil sketching?
How should I start digital art and design?
Why do oil painters start drawing the borders with brown paint?
When an art gallery is open by appointment only, can anyone request a visit?
How is death an art?
What is your interpretation of Stoneham's painting "Threshold of Revelation"?
How often does an English seaside building need to be painted?
What are the major Bastar art and crafts popular in the country?
What are some famous pottery artists?
Can a fine arts student do business with an engineering student?
Do you know what an artist and a sniper have in common?
To what extent does appreciating art rely on being able to understand arbitrary cultural norms behind individual features (like brushstrokes)?
What is the difference in apex and ace paints?
What are the formal properties of art?
Who are the best artists who take art classes in Chennai Egmore?
What should I name my art studio if it takes place at home?
Is art dying with new media?
What art print could complement advertisements used as wall decor?
What can I say to defend modern art and autotune?
Are you another version of me?
How can I promote my YouTube art channel?
As an artist, how would you describe your feelings for your muse?
What did Baudrillard mean when talking about the "vanishing point of art"?
Why is art important in history?
Why don't artists show the beauty of science?
Where can I find art techniques to paint with?
What art print could go in my bedroom instead of cityscapes if my interests are birds, photography and plants?
What are some ways for a young artists to gain work?
What are some good resources to learn more about composing abstract vector art?
What is 20th century art trends?
What are some good ideas for surrealism art?
How do I make my artwork look finished?
What is the best alternative to Resin for Art & Crafts?
Which things enforces an artist to have an inspiring work?
What are ways of looking at art and science, as one?
Who are the prominent portrait painting collectors today?
How was a traditional Japanese painting made?
Are there colleges which offer admissions directly into masters for fine arts (without a BFA degree)?
What advice can you give an artist moving from painting into conceptual art, in terms of approaching galleries for the first time?
Where can I get cheap paintings in gurgaon for home decoration?
How can I become a gallery artist from a hobby artist?
Why was the Mona Lisa influential?
I want to sell my art but how do I go about doing this?
How do contemporary artists get paid?
Does it bother you when you witness people mocking sculptures and paintings at museums?
I want to sell my art. What is the best way to do that?
How do I turn art into something interactive and community-based?
How did cubism influence art styles such as dada and suprematism?
What are some famous orange paintings in art museums?
Are there any online schools where I can get a bachelor of fine art degree?
What is the best substrate for use with plaster in a painting?
If Van Gogh was brought back to life today how do you think he would feel about the fame and value of his work?
What do you understand by contemporary art?
How can I interact witht the art gallery in Hyderabad?
Why is the only known photograph of Van Gogh NOT in the Van Gogh Museum? The published photos of him at 13 & 18 years are photos of his Brother Theo.
What is the dark shape in the right lower corner of Turner's "The Fighting Temeraire"?
Is NOAPS the best organisation for oil/acrylic painters?
Do you know who did the red paintings for Jessica Pearson's office in Suits and do you know what it's called?
Do charcoal and graphite artists take a picture of their drawings with a higher contrast so as to get more darker and blackier picture?
Do you need to be relatively good at hyper-realism to be considered a good artist?
What are the least common techniques used in non-representational art?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
What would future generations call today’s fashion, music, art and style?
What are some ideas about 'overcrowded' to paint?
What are benefits of posting your paintings online?
Which type of artwork will take art to next the level In current century? In context like Picasso did in his times and it made him exceptional.?
Is there any particular difference between an artist’s creative process and others?
What is your best way for enjoy "art" (videogames, music, movies, books) without distractions?
How can you describe the different elements of art?
Does art need to be shown?
What are the differences between abstract and representational art? What are its similarities?
An artist who has done abstract plant patterns?
How did the script change in Turkey from Arabic to Latin influence art and visual culture?
What are the art creations and history of Nandalal Bose?
What should a new artist use for oil painting, Winsor and Newton paints or Camlin artists oil paint?
What is the scope in commercial arts in India?
How was art affected by the Crusades?
What is the importance of asymmetrical balance in art?
Do we the fans, give fame to artists?
What is the flowing rhythm in art?
Who is the angel in the painting of Joan of Arc by George William Joy?
What is Act of Painting?
How transferable are skills between pencil drawing and painting?
What are the common topics asked in fine arts board exam class 12?
Who is Mona Lisa? Did she really exist?
What is different about the art then versus the art during the baroque period?
My mother is a painter, how can I help her to secure an exhibition in a gallery?
How big is Asian paints?
Are some objects in the background of Gerlach Flicke's portrait of Thomas Cranmer symbols? What could be their meaning?
How have people today come to know about gothic art/architecture? What are some primary artifacts of this time period/art style?
Is it common for artist to paint from photographs?
How Glendale Creative Arts Academy (GCAA) school is?
I'm a self taught artist of five years. I'm still in high school however, so what can I do to become a better artist?
If you are a painter, how do you market your art?
Why can't I choose a painting subject?
Is it legal to paint or draw on bank pay checks (as an art project)?
What are the general characteristics of sculpture in the rococo period?
Why is the purpose of color important in art?
Is art appreciation directly proportional to the viewer's capability of interpreting symbolic structures?
What is the best digital art program for a beginner?
What is the best way to have a Jackson Pollock painting authenticated?
How would I draw old fashioned art?
Who is Roland Reiss?
How do I make a simple photo art in my living room?
What's it like majoring in a STEAM field (STEM + Art)?
Watercolor: How do I make my watercolor drawings have the transparent look?
What are all the art movements in painting, literature, music, movie that originated in France like realism, impressionism, surrealism etc.?
Is there any significance to the palette used by Philip Guston in his late paintings?
Why is the deer such a frequent motif in Buddhist art (paintings/ sculptures)?
What picture do you think that should be in every art museum?
Are there still paintings that countries that were Nazi occupied haven't returned to the Jews they took them from during WWII?
Which books would be good to read when preparing for fine arts at BHU?
In any city, do enough people go to art galleries to justify the city's newspaper carrying art gallery show reviews?
What is the difference between digital environment artist and matte painting?
Where can I find a buyer of a rare sculpture?
What kinds of artwork was mainly produced by Byzantine Art?
What does this Chinese painting say in English?
An expert pointed out that the contemporary art market is one of the only unregulated markets. Do you have any thoughts on the Miami Basel Art Fair?
Why modern paintings are more popular then realistic paintings?
In printing your art, what is a good lot number of prints?
Why is communication considered an art by some people?
What's the most popular wall art in 2017?
At fine art schools, how is students' work assessed?
If I am planning to pursue the arts in the future, maybe visual, is there any IB subjects I should take apart from visual arts?
Where can I buy art in Israel?
Who is your favorite artist and why does the art move you?
How can a computer science student become a game developer?
I would like to do masterclasses in art and writing for the USO. How should I go about this?
Are there any other sites like Freelancer.com which is purposely meant for drawing/painting?
What is the meaning of the artwork "Erased de Kooning Drawing"?
How can one donate works of art (worth US$ 500 - 1500) in a way that will guarantee they will be on public display?
What are the some of the best and different type of painting?
What, in your opinion, are some of Bob Ross' worst paintings?
Can you name some sites or a YouTube channel that can help you learn fine arts like professional starting from grassroot level?
What are different areas of art?
What are some art galleries or websites in India that exhibit contemporary abstract expressionist artists?
What works of art should we know about from your country and why?
Can I use a famous painting as a reference for my own and sell it?
What cities are well-known for their focus on intellectual and art communities?
What are the different art techniques?
Do you consider sex as an art?
Do you need to be good at drawing or painting to learn printmaking?
Who is compared to Van Gogh's Wheat Field?
What are some of the defining characteristics of Caravaggio's art style?
What is the estimated value of a Dave Mann and Roth 66 original biker art print?
How is art stolen from museums?
What makes a good title for an artwork?
Are there many students from India studying Fine Arts in Afghanistan? (Which is the most popular course/university?)
What art print could complement a vintage art show poster?
How is applied art different from painting?
How are vice and corruption depicted in Western art?
What is the symbolism in this painting from Pompeii?
What are the cut-offs in Mumbai's top colleges?
What makes some paintings special and their artists popular?
How can I make minimal art just with PicsArt?
What characteristics define the different art mediums?
What is brutalism in art?
What is the Hochschule Luzern, design and art, artistic aptitude and creativity test?
Is there a way to see artworks sorted by locations/museum?
Do you think that traditional painting is still relevant with the popularization of digital painting?
What do you think about my third fine art artwork I’m posting here (see the link below)?
At what point can one call themselves an artist?
In order to get into fashion school, do you require an art portfolio?
Why do galleries reject artists?
What should be the marketing strategies of an online art gallery to position itself?
I am great at fine arts; but the thing is I love chemistry as well. Is there any career option where I can combine both of my interests?
What are some really important art competitions?
How do you identify if a certain type of drawing paper is of archival quality?
What makes logic an art?
Why are ISFPs called artists, and not INFPs?
What kind of art should I combine with 1980's workout girls in my drawings?
What are the differences in approaching romantic paintings and poetry?
Which university has the most progressive fine arts program in India?
Why Warhol change the way the art was?
Why do you make art?
Why do artists take the liberty to make objectionable paintings of Hindu gods and goddesses?
How can I improve my digital art in MS Paint?
Can you please tell me what kind of jobs can we have in Germany when we have a bachelor's degree in fine arts, paintings? Thank you.
What is state of the art literature request rewriting?
What are your best visual arts?
In this Dali lithograph, Dali took Rabelais figures and placed them into his surrealist world. Does the central figure adapt to its new surroundings?
What are some disturbing paintings?
Is it legal to sell art or be an artist without having a proffessional degree?
How and who discovered art?
Have you ever been so moved by a piece of art that it changed your life?
What is the importance of Keith Haring's art to society?
How can I find online genuine buyers for sketches and paintings in India?
Is Pencil drawing allowed in picasso international painting contest?
Are there royalty-free photo sites for oil paintings on the internet?
How would I make a 1980 living room theme about art?
Which are few of the simple best paintings?
What is your favourite work of art that was made by you?
What is smart art? How is it elaborated?
How does one go about applying for an entry level position in an art gallery?
What is a good reason for creating assemblage art?
Do art historians think that art in last 200 or so years has lost its way?
What are Michael Lang's paintings like?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used reference photos to make them?
Can fabric paints be used to paint on canvas?
What if I can't read the artist's signature on art or sculpture?
Why do paintings cost a lot?
What are some new type of arts?
Is there any other art available like calligraphy and quilling?
What are the different contemporary art forms? What are some examples of how they are made?
Why are good artists bad at sports?
What does art mean to you? What does art mean today?
Where will Alphonse Mucha's Slovanská epopej ("Slav Epic") paintings be displayed after 2016?
Is bud pruning important in the art of bonsai?
Do people still commission paintings?
Will please someone describe the major differences between the painting styles of Raja Ravi Verma and Abanindranath Tagore?
How can I exercise and challenge my creativity?
Does Berry also believe in the concept of abstract painting, and why?
How does Shakespeare fit in with the artistic traditions of Mannerism and the Baroque?
How do I prepare for MSU Baroda for fine arts?
I can't get myself to like visual art. Why is this?
Can you include quotes from Napoleon, Oprah, Churchill and others on the art you make and sell?
What kind of paper is best for watercolour painting?
What do you think about my paintings?
Is there any fine art course in IIT?
What should I do to find some inspirational object to sketch or paint?
Where and how can I apply to be a nude art model in Delhi for painting and sculpture?
What kind of a sculptor is Vera Röhm? What are her arts made of?
I am sketch artist, I want to exhibit my art, where can I put my art?
Are young people buying art?
What prompts artists to employ an avant-garde style in their work despite knowing that it can potentially receive criticism?
Which modern artists use calligraphy in their paintings?
What will be the effects of the post-medium condition on the arts?
What are some characteristics of Hellenistic sculptures?
What are the best oil painting that you have seen?
Does percentage play a role in getting admission to Delhi School of Fine Arts? Or will they assess just your drawing and techniques?
How common was painting before photography?
Do they teach Photoshop in Digital Art University?
Why did artist create retrospective art in the eighties?
What painting style is this?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the UP Dilimans Oblation sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
Do art and music create social stability between different nations and cultures?
What do you look for when buying art?
Is nudity a form of art?
What are the criteria for a painting to be economically valuable?
What are the works of modern entertainment that will be remembered as classics, in the future?
How good am I at art?
What are some of the most important artworks?
Can the principles and elements of art/design be traced back to a specific time or place?
Where do I find an art pricing guide?
Why is drawing on canvas considered art?
How do I prevent clay sculptures from shrinking and cracking?
Where can I know about the upcoming art events in Kolkata?
What are some of the best artists/musicians that work in multiple mediums?
What does finger painting promote in children?
Why have interactions with people when you can just consume great art?
What art can you create that is 100 percent free?
What are some good drawing/painting ideas for a mixed media sketchbook?
How does an artwork become valuable?
How do you frame encaustic paintings?
How can you describe the 6 elements of art?
What is the meaning behind the painting "The Human Condition" by René Magritte?
What artwork do you have?
How do you photograph or scan your oil paintings?
I am interested in getting in to art and want to purchase some paintings. Where can I learn the basics to figure out what I like?
What is a vivid explanation of the role of expressive art in teaching early education?
What are some of the world renowned forms of Indian paintings?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Scream" by Pablo Picasso?
How do I shoot some sorts of Fine Art photographs at home? Does anyone have any idea about what the easier themes can be?
What do you think differentiates beautiful art from great art?
Will bulldog clips damage my original drawing?
What is an example of allusion in art?
What is a day like at a fine arts school?
What is the process that galleries apply to select artists?
Should there be censorship in Indian on art, or not? What is its social and cultural impact?
What are the characteristics of Mughal miniature painting?
What is a vanishing point in art?
Which institute is good for learning art and craft in Chandigarh?
As an artist, what is the one thing you would tell your younger self which could have improved your art career?
Unemployed in the traditional sense, I am an artist. Do you know any ways to succeed as a full time artist?
How can I get my art to sell online? I just can't seem to get anyone to buy my prints.
I'm trying to develop my skill at non-objective painting, could I get some advice on my current paintings?
What place does Art have in your life?
How do you feel while making your own baroque art design?
Do I have an Alberto Giacometti Sculpture or just a clunk of Metal?
How do I know how much original Allayn Stevens oil painting worth?
Why is art of living workshops are important for students?
Is abstract art really art?
Where can I find like-minded people to make experimental art with?
Where is biggest art museum in South India?
Why are Salvador Dali's paintings so valuable?
How can I sell my hand painted saree?
How do you find and choose a painter/decorator?
Where and how can I sell paintings in india online?
What is the other way of writing "David was in awe of the Sculpture"?
Is there any app that can provide guidance for painting?
What artwork symbolizes negativity the most?
How do professional musicians function in a world where music is more accessible than most visual art? How does that relationship impact the public?
How did impressionism begin?
How should I go about auctioning my own paintings online?
What’s the difference between a spectacular artist and a museum-renowned artist?
Do you think that definitions as to what is art and what is not, are scams?
Is there any paintings evaluater course in the world?
What can I draw for my art class?
Have you attended a painting workshop taught by Australian artist Fiona Craig?
What possible careers are there for an artist?
Is there anything I should do or can do to improve my drawing and paintings?
Are colored pencils a good medium for fine art?
What is BFA applied arts?
Which form of art are most hard to produce?
What is phad painting?
Can interpretation be considered art?
Can I opt for economics, fine arts, English and psychology in a BA course at the same time?
Where is the Flotilla fresco located, and who painted it? What is its historical importance?
What is the best way to display photos at a solo exhibition?
Can machines for real purposes, like aircraft or cars, be considered as art?
What should be in my art portfolio when applying for architecture?
What do painters think of using watercolors for portraits?
Should I pursue concept art at age 19?
What type of paints should be used for wall painting?
Why do the paintings of Johannes Vermeer have so many small cracks on them compared to those of his contemporaries?
Can you suggest a baroque painting of a nude relaxing plump woman as the only character in the painting as a bedroom art?
What is a reader/anthology of the best writing on (preferably non-contemporary) art?
I use gold paint in my art. When I photograph my work for prints, the gold looks like orange paint. How can I capture the gold paint?
How intense is a Master's of Fine Arts in Drama?
Do you believe that "cooking is an art"?
Are CCRT Notes enough for art and culture?
Who are some artists who work with the theme 'details'?
Do I have to take fine art major in order to be successful painter?
Are there any contribution of Saudis in literature and arts?
Who provides painting service for residential and commercial area?
What is Phad Painting? Where do I buy it from?
How would I make kitsch art?
Can we make a living through the arts?
Which is the most impressive art museum in Switzerland?
What are some schools of arts and crafts in India?
Do you really believe in abstract painting?
What are the three main categories of art?
What is the meaning of art for art's sake?
Do you consider Hebru Brantley a great artist?
What is the basis for appraising the value of ceramic art?
Can Disney movies be considered a work of art?
Where can I find cheap art supplies in Ahmedabad?
Have there been any sales of art from public museum collections into private hands?
As an artist , (professional or as a hobby) have you ever succumbed to believing others artwork are better then yours? How did you handle this?
What is good art?
Can I legally post a picture of an ancient piece of art on my website?
What constitutes derivative art considering everything besides nature is designed by someone?
Is the use of augmented-reality technologies good for art museums?
Can I learn Digital Art by myself without watching tutorials?
What is art? What is its actual meaning?
What is the darkest object/paint commercially available?
Does IQ correlate with artistic ability?
What is your favorite museum in the world?
Where can I download my paintings?
Is a good life an art or a science?
Who were the most expensive and popular artists in the art market during the second half of the 20th century?
What is a good score in 12 Arts?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous painter?
How did Jacob Lawrence's artwork make you feel?
Is there any platform for artist who paint tshirts?
Why is the modern art that look meaningless and simple worth millions?
How come there are two prices for artwork on artsy?
What Indian art galleries are best to purchase paintings by enquiring online?
How do I improve my art style?
Where can I buy original Phad painting online?
How can I get inexpensive art for my apartment?
What is the meaning of this art/painting, what does the artist want to portray by this and who drew this?
How was History affected by Piet Mondrian's art?
Did David Pulphus's have the right to paint whatever he wanted for the congressional art competition?
What are some of the greatest paintings depicting an independent young girl?
How do I make a painting on aquatic life?
Why am I not interested in art?
What was the painting that impressed you?
Which pentab should be better to buy for digital painting?
How could I make Neo-Pop art?
What is the meaning of curving and crossing lines in art?
What are the requirements to have a own gallery and to publish own artwork?
Why does Byzantine art look so similar to Islamic art?
How do I become a good art painter?
How do I get some funding for my brother who is an artist who don't have a computer to draw?
What style of artwork is Coene’s “Attack of the Park of Brussels” painting?
Would you share your art work on wood?
What inspired Bridget Riley to make the artwork "Blaze"?
What are the pro and cons of taking art major?
Do we need to study art?
How can I do an art collaboration with both traditional and digital art?
What is an example of representational art?
Where can I get a consistent level of excellence in craftsmanship and customer service in Brisbane for any commercial painting work?
What hyper-realistic artists say about their work where most people don't consider their work as an Art?
Is there a sculpture called 'belt'?
Can art be considered as new gold?
Where can I buy mosaic art online?
What is the widely accepted rate that art galleries charge artists for successful sales of paintings?
Can I get a Master's in Fine Arts without a BFA? I have a BA in business.
Are there paintings of Lisa del Giocondo other than the Mona Lisa?
What do you think is lacking in terms of Art and the interaction of Art with people (the community)?
What is your opinion on anime artists compared to more classic artists?
Can you apply the elements and principles of design to art?
What is "the social art of architecture"?
Why is Irish warfare so rarely depicted in art compared to that of the Scots?
Where can I find art auctions to submit work to?
How do you paint your roof and not spill paint?
What is the concept of the gaze in art?
Why is photography a different art, as compared to taking video? Isn't video composed of many images that are more expressive?
How do I get 95+ in CBSE fine arts?
Which are the best places in Delhi to sell arts and crafts?
How do I learn to about art licensing as a total beginner in this topic?
What is some of the best art from waste?
How can I get a British art gallery to accept a painting?
Can two artists with drastically different art styles make a good looking comic?
What does the melting clock represent in Salvador Dali's famous painting called "The Persistence of Memory"?
Where is the best value for your money for purchasing canvas for painting?
What paper size is 105x70 cm and does it have a name? Can I find a frame for it?
What is the difference between "modern art" and more conventional art?
What are some characteristics that distinguish Islamic art from western art?
Why do you think artists should be appreciated more/not get ridiculed for already having cheap prices for their artwork?
How can I know the current market price of an 100 year old famous painting?
How would I dress for when I make kitsch art?
What make arts and music unique?
Is it ok to illustrate over a book page from inspiring publications to sell as reproduction artworks?
What are the options for doing masters after doing bachelor of fine arts (applied arts)?
Do representational artists rate Tracey Emin as an artist?
What is a theory in art?
What is creative art about?
How does art benefit our life?
What are some of the most important characteristics of Chinese paintings?
Why is art industry full of egocentric people?
Are there any well known artists without art degrees (recent)?
What artwork goes with Patrick Nagel art, in an 80s bedroom?
What masterpiece painting took the longest to complete?
What kind of art style works best on billboards?
What type of ART should be suggested for an infertile couple? Why?
How has David Hockney's art work influenced modern culture?
Why are art galleriesin NYC and other places closed on mondays?
As an artist what does beauty mean to you? Is every art beautiful or admirable?
What are the benefits of art?
What is art? When would you call yourself an artist?
What are some entertaining art forms that we can learn at home?
How are walls painted in India?
Who gets to decide the meaning of a piece of art?
What are ways that I can meet Art Spiegelman?
Which depiction of "Jufith Beheading Holofernes" in Pinacoteca di Brera is Caravaggio's original?
What is anti-retinal art? How is it created?
How are visual artists protected or regulated by the law?
How does one submit art for display at MoMA?
What are some of the best methods for emerging artists to get their art out there?
If "anything can be art" then doesn't that mean art has no definition?
What are some great resources to learn how to make custom anime art prints?
What is the name of the most important impressionist artist of Germany? How do they elaborate their art?
What is so special about Picasso's art, other than doing things differently?
What is the difference and similarities between Art Deco and modernism?
What are some of the best printing companies out there?
Which are some of the world's most expensive paintings, and why?
What would like be like without art and music?
What are some really expensive paintings which doesn't seem to be extraordinary?
What do we gain from drawing, sketching, and painting?
Is there a place to buy good artwork or illustrations for commercial use?
What kind of material is used in Cycladic art to paint walls?
Where can I find Tamiya X & XF paints and other Tamiya supplies in Dubai?
In the world of Arts, how do the streams of 'Fine Art' and 'Illustration' differentiate? What might be the benefits of following one over the other?
As an artist, how do you decline someone when they ask for a drawing for them?
Which is better optional subject fine arts or psychology?
Can you keep the proceeds of an expensive piece of art that was stolen and has been missing for decades that you bought at a thrift store?
Why are some pieces of art invaluable while others are worthless?
Yayoi Kusama's "Infinity Nets" series psychologically and contextually resembles Abstract Expressionist work so why isn’t it part of the movement?
What is the name of the art style in which the picture is made up of dots, the tonal variation dictated by the proximity of said dots?
How do you recognize an Impressionist painting?
Which are some art website which give current market analysis and trends for famous artists?
How was your experience at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York like?
Can you tell me some of the hidden meanings that are in Chris Consani's painting "Java Dreams"?
Who are your favorite artists in painting or sculpture?
Is there any significant difference between manga art supplies and generic ones?
What do I need to buy to do hand painting?
What advice you would give to a young artist coming from a low-class family with few connection in the art world, that would like to promote his work?
How do you define art? What general characteristics do you find in 'true' artist?
What is the main difference between modern art and digital art?
How can I get people to buy my art?
What caused the Social forces (Art industry) during 1886 to 1990 in Europe?
Why does modern art need a concept?
Is it possible for you to like a piece of art but not want it hung in your home?
Does an artist temperament influence his style of painting?
How do you know if you are already an artist, not just art enthusiast?
Why do we look down on art and artist?
What are some amazing subjects in humanities/arts?
Is there any scope in art?
Where can I sell artistic nudes?
Why do artists use sketchbooks?
What is the form and content of Indian monolithic sculptures?
What is the meaning behind the Edward Hopper painting "Nighthawks"?
What are the business strategy to promote online art gallery in India?
What are the most valuable art pieces or historical pieces or painting?
On what basis do radical islamists hate music and other such fine art forms?
Who is interested in African art?
What are the differences between Eastern and Western minimalism?
How can creativity and the arts be used to advance our community?
Can someone convince me that Jackson Pollocks paintings are anything other than perfect illustrations of the time in which they were created?
What is warli painting?
How can art and architecture collaborate?
What should I do to better appreciate art?
Is it worth it to go to art school?
Can a series of art be mixed media?
What is the difference between stippling and pointillism?
What is the history and significance of Van Gogh's paintings of sunflowers?
Do you get a lot of homework, if you are an art major?
How prestigious is Academy of Art University?
What is the most expensive painting per square inch of painting?
What art print could replace a cityscape in my bedroom if I like fashion, flowers and walking?
How can I earn money by making paintings or how can I sell my paintings and sketches?
I have many different art styles, and I'm trying to adapt to only one. People think I'm stealing art because I draw differently in each picture. Help?
How can a visual artist optimize cost per impression of artwork on paid media channels?
Who is Itzchak Maghen?
What classifies as art?
Did any of your sketches which you tried to draw someone ended up anyone else?
Which song track was playing while Vilas Nayak painted The Joker painting?
What do you call the style Egon Schiele used in some of his artworks?
What are some hacks for painting on canvas?
What is the meaning of the painting "Exploding Tardis" by Vincent Van Gogh?
What is the total volume of art deals worldwide?
Can you share your amazing art work (I love to see all the different art styles)?
Is drawing harder than painting?
Do you think art can make a person more creative?
Is the online art market growing?
If the world had to be summed up in one piece of art, what would it be, and why?
How much paint required for painting badminton court?
How can I enjoy fine arts?
Art from prosthodontic waste?
Are there similarities between Islamic Art and Byzantine art?
What is the proper way to use tracing to improve your sketching accuracy?
If we could bring Vincent Van Gogh back from the dead, and show him what a rockstar of the Art he has become, would it really change him?
Which is more important, the artist or the audience?
Should I take the Creative Activities club if I don't know painting but am good in drawing?
What is Walt Disney's art style?
What are the most creative forms of art that you've tried?
What are the aesthetics of high renaissance art?
What's the task and target of visual artist?
How do you choose wood frames for canvas paintings?
Can we say that expensive paintings are all about the artist and not so much about the art?
Can code be art?
What art print could compliment pop art portraits?
What are the best pens to be used for creating zentangle art?
Is there any book to read, to learn about the art of communication?
In what way are Van Gogh's works similar to the painting "Portrait of Vicente Nubiola", and which works specifically are similar?
Which school of art would you recommend in Italy, Spain & France ?
Do you know of any lost arts?
What is abstract digital art?
What is the importance of German expressionism in art?
Can you critique this digital art on the basis of style and technique?
What are the best sites for me to market my client's high end, Southern fine art galleries?
How do I prepare for the entrance exam for the MSU Baroda for fine arts?
How can I learn about under-recognized artists who are pushing the idea of landscape painting forward?
Is "folk artist" the art world's equivalent of "red neck"/”hick”?
Why is art related to humanities?
What is the reason why Michelangelo's sculpture "David" is considered a masterpiece?
Is art getting more complex over time?
Which one to choose for a fine arts degree, the Cooper Union are the Art Center?
Who does old master paintings?
What is the best source to find art consultants?
What are the things to do for art lovers in pune?
Is Andrea Sacchi a big artist? How much are his paintings worth?
What kind of brand can I create with minimal cost, but with time and persistence could be worth a lot?
What is a reason that someone would kill an animal for a piece of artwork or taxidermy?
Are there true artists out there who don't know where to apply their artistic talent and skills?
Is there a way to make unpaintable surface?
What is the best way to make large wire mesh sculpture?
Can I build an art gallery/studio/house to live, paint, and sell my art?
How are Madhubani paintings made?
Which is to you the most terrifying scene in art (paints, books, films or poetry)?
Where can I get personalised paintings and caricatures in Kerala?
How big is online art business?
Let's say I paint a picture of Mickey Mouse and want to sell it- when is this perfectly legal and when would it infringe copyright law?
How do museums of movements, like De Stijl, make the art fresh for young visitors?
What is the best song or other creative work made after someone got their heart broken?
How can I quickly make money with my art? Specifically with my paintings and my digital artwork.
Can you mix photographs and artwork (oil paintings, prints etc.) in the same room?
In what ways can expensive art paintings be used for money laundering?
What you think about the painting of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo?
What brand of oil paints did Lawren Harris or any artist from the group of seven use?
What is the name of the art form in which we create shapes with trangles ans squire?
Under what conditions does art thrive in regards to the collective?
Which college is best for learning art and craft in Delhi?
How has art movements changed the world? Do you think its a crucial part in the ordinary curriculum?
What are the uses of original hand-paintings when one can buy the printed ones which are cheaper?
What does "The idea of art kills creativity" mean?
What's this painting called and who is the artist?
How can I make painted silk look glossy and exclusive?
How do I get over that everyone (in art profession/student//hobbyist) is better than me at drawing?
What are some 1980's summer themed wall art?
How do you stop perfectionism from getting in the way of creative expression?
What advice would you give for someone wanting to sell their photography?
Do any visual artists (who make a living from their art), actively support Trump?
Where can I find trusted painting experts in Sydney?
What is artist context?
I have ideas for painting , but I don't know how to paint. What should I do ?
Will joining an atelier in Florence help me as an artist or is it a fancy expensive hobby?
When a piece of artwork is described, what does it mean when the artwork is described as follows: " a painting after Claude Monet's Water Lilies"?
How do I get advice on my painting?
Who is the artist of this painting?
Why do cats in medieval paintings look like humans?
I am under the legal working age. How do I make money so I can buy art supplies?
What are the differences and similarities between Roman and romanesque art?
What is photo painting?
How do you structure your knowledge about artwork, artists, and historic artifacts?
What is the difference between the Academy of Art University and an Art Institute?
If you could become one of your characters/artworks, which one would you choose?
Art History: Why is this oil on wood painting depicting the crucifixion with saints currently attributed to Martino Piazza instead of Albertino Piazza or another artist working in Lombardy in the first decades of the sixteenth century?
What are examples of paintings which have interesting hidden meaning?
How can I help my husband sell his paintings?
How do I get over missing art or find it?
Are there any examples of artistic nudes, whether paintings or sculptures, with visible anuses?
What is the best way to study human anatomy for artists?
How do I "loosen up" my art style?
As a fan artist, do you feel accepted by the rest of the art community or do you feel discriminated or looked down upon?
Where can I post my paintings for the world?
What scenes are commonly found in Chinese and European famous paintings?
Is it true or a myth that craft paint due to the less amount of pigment lasts only as long as watercolor?
To what extent does the ability of people to appreciate art of a particular style depend on the existence of other art in the same style?
What are the steps to becoming a known artist?
What is like to study in Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
What are some good skills/hobbies or professions to build using my visual spatial skills?
What do you call the action of painting ugly, fat lines over an existing painting? I’m looking for something more specific than 'I destroyed/spoiled the painting'.
Apart from oranges, what other fruits are used in paintings?
What art print would compliment leopard print fashion drawings?
What does 'fine arts' mean in an Indian school?
How do I take my art to a gallery in Hyderabad?
What do you think about my fifth fine art artwork - a drawing that I’m posting here (see at the link below)?
Which university should I study at if I want to study Fine Arts in Taiwan?
Why is comedy perceived strictly as entertainment rather than art?
Does Mona Lisa smirk in the painting?
Why do artists tend to overdo their works?
What is "crayon etching" in art?
What are the best seats in Segerstrom Center of the Arts to see a musical?
How long had you been painting in watercolor before you really knew you were good at it?
Why do we create art? Why are the well-persevered ancient arts generally worth more?
Where is the Mona Lisa painting?
What are some craziest homemade ideas and inventions?
Are there any good fine art schools in London?
Are there any super realistic portraits done by disabled artists?
What art prints would compliment caricatures?
What are the best fine arts school or institutes in india?
What' your favorite body art?
In the art market, is dealing/trading at the top end more profitable than the mid-segment?
Can doing visual arts in school get you anywhere?
Which is the best Art Gallery in Pune most suitable for modern/surreal art?
Where in the world can I learn the true art of listening?
Is a diss track artistic expression?
NYC storage hack? I'm being kicked out of my current art studio - is there an affordable art storage solution I'm not thinking of?
What is it like to switch from fine art to scenic art?
What is the difference between an arts and a science PhD?
Who are some artists (any kind - music, painting, sculpture, writing, poetry) who have both public and private artworks?
Where can one look for fine arts jobs and post-art jobs in India?
Why can I imagine amazing visual scenes for possible paintings when I lay in bed about to sleep but not when I'm at my desk trying to paint something?
How do I improve my sketching and painting?
What are the best comments on someone's painting efforts?
What are similarities and differences in the paintings of Van Gogh and Munch? (e.g “At Eternity’s gate” and “The Scream”
What does the art of a chokin vase consist of?
What universities have good art programs?
My 12 yr old cousin wants to enter different mediums of art, she already paint, and draws, how could I help her?
What are some cheap ways for an upcoming artist to expose his art?
Is there any requirement for technological assistance while studying fashion designing and fine arts?
What is a famous piece of art with an amazing story behind it?
Are the online drawing and painting classes on Craftsy good?
How can I find an art and painting mentor?
What are some best charcoal paintings?
What bedroom art goes with art prints of dandelions?
How do different form of arts influence racism?
Is there anything I should know before getting a tattoo? What are things to consider before getting one?
What are some of the great living artists and why?
Why do people like painting?
What is the second most famous painting?
How would you describe your art style in one word?
Why are paintings so expensive and how does one really value it?
How do I sell my paintings in London?
What does an art adviser do?
The modern generation lacks the knowledge and appreciation of fine art such as classical music. Why is it happening? What are the solutions?
What do you consider sneaker art?
What is the best way to stick your canvas on a painting board?
How did advances in paper making affect the art of printmaking?
What could I improve in my art?
How can I improve my art and craft skills?
How does the Art world meet the Digital world in the future?
Are Ajanta Paintings Mural or Fresco?
How do I become a great visual artist?
What is the difference between solvent-based paint and water-based paint? What are the advantages of both of the types?
What do you think about this comparison between John Martin's painting and Henry Holiday's Snark illustration?
What is the best way to sell customisable art online?
Should you put different kinds of art on one Instagram page?
What is the meaning of art?
What inspired Picasso African art?
How does music differ from the other arts?
What is being a student at Dreyfoos School of the Arts like?
What is so wonderful about drawing, why do people draw and create art?
How can a beginner artist avoid being "pretentious"?
What do you think of my newly created artwork?
I have my first art show at a gallery. What are some great tips for hanging attractively and professionally?
What is the global population of art collectors?
Who made the Van Gogh photo?
How did Properzia de' Rossi impact the Renascence art style?
Why does my art always need to be symbolic of something?
Can I paint deceased celebrities’ portraits for display of my talent and not for selling? I am wanting people to see my talent that they can recognize so I can get orders to paint their portraits.
What public outdoor art installation has impressed people the most?
What are the skills or art forms that fascinates you?
How come a black square is important art work?
How can unity and variety in art be learrned?
Do I need commercial rights to use The Great Wave of Kanagawa painting?
What do you consider art?
How has technology impacted art?
Is the 'spray on' varnish sufficient protection for my oil paintings?
What is the meaning of the story painted in a Phad painting?
Which paintings depict the comical folly, or the utter absurdity of humanity?
Which is best art?
Can you name the elements of art?
What beautiful, creative art things can I make for the art mela in my college ?
How can I be a pro hand lettering artist?
What is the point of art galleries?
Have we reached a plateau in the arts?
How do I buy artworks from museum?
What did Van Gogh usually eat?
Is there a platform in India where one can sell his paintings and earn money?
Are Mandalas and Zentangles considered to be art?
How do you get a state of the art infirmary?
How do lovers of contemporary art respond when people insult your art?
Where can I see some of Michelle Gaugy's artwork?
How do I evaluate the price of a painting by a little known artist but who has a unique style?
Which are the traditional painting styles of india?
What are the characteristics of Nujabes' artwork?
What is acmeism in literature?
What should I repair in my art studio I want to learn?
What are the best digital painting you've produced?
What are some good examples of applied arts?
Is good knowledge of English essential for contemporary artist willing to be successful on the global art scene?
Does art need to have influence?
What is so special about this painting that it was sold for about thousand crore rupees?
What makes Picasso's paintings extraordinary?
What is scroll painting?
If I see an artist copying another artist should I let the one of them know?
What are some decent paints but not too expensive suitable for marbling (fluid) paintings?
Is there anything a buyer can learn about a piece of art from the auction tag?
Which group is the best arts college?
What are the courses available after BBA in field of art and craft?
Why do Rembrandt paintings look dark and gloomy in comparison to Renaissance art?
Where can I hire trained painting professionals in Paddington?
How good is an MA in Contemporary Art from Sotheby's Institute of Art? Is it worth the huge investment of money and time?
What is vector line art and why?
How new or old is the art trend of painting with toothpaste?
Why couldn't surrealism become popular in the USSR?
What are some great art collections available online?
I was wondering how can a fashion brand be inspired by vintage clothing (which has many purposeful details), yet still be minimalist?
Why would art thieves be without a sell-on strategy?
Is nail string portrait art patented?
Where can I find music for an Art exhibition?
Which other artists draw like William Blake?
Who buys art from websites like RedditARt, Etsy, or other unknown artist sites?
How long does a copyright stay active for a painting?
Does the quality of an artist's website factor into gallery owners’ decision to show that artist at your gallery? Yes or no, and why?
Does Germany have a good Fine Arts program?
What's the difference between a makeup artist and a beautician?
What is the earliest still life painting on canvas depicting cheese?
How can small cities develop art?
What are the different types of art mediums?
Why does art always have to have a deeper meaning?
How do you recognise "good" art?
Would you consider buying a painting yourself?
Are there any psychopaths who make worthy art?
Who are the best artists on Quora?
How do you know what to sketch?
What if an artist/designer become a president?
What is the difference between textile art and fiber art?
What is the approximate price of the cheapest Van Gogh painting?
I work as 3D artist for 12-14 hrs/day. When I get home I don't want to do any art-related thing. Does this mean I'm not fit to be an artist?
I'm remembering a painting (impressionist?) that features a woman in a green dress holding a parasol, but walking away from the viewer. What is it?
What are best programs for digital painting and poor student at the same time?
Is it possible to switch from architecture to art? As I am not able to aspire my creative thoughts within architecture!
How can a honeybee make perfect hexagonal chambers without any geometrical instruments for her hive?
Who are some of the well-known artists who had a very difficult past, such as Yayoi Kusama and Van Gogh? (List a few.)
Where can I find an art work of Jan Vormann in Berlin?
What do you do when you have artblock on an important project due asap?
Which platform is the best for selling artworks like paintings?
What are the the tools used to create a work of art? How are they used?
In art, what is local color?
What is impressionism and where did it come from?
What are your most interests in Chinese fine arts?
What is usually the curriculum of drawing and painting art courses?
Where can I find a good, cheap digital artist to make some custom artwork for me?
Is it weird for me to see mistakes in other people's drawings when they are clearly better than me?
How can a high school student learn to draw like the masters?
What are the well known places in luzon for arts and crafts?
If I want draw 2D pictures on the computer, what program should I learn?
What are the organisations that recognise Art and Literary works?
Where is the ‘Möte’ sculpture by Willy Gordon now? It was in Östermalmstorg.
Why did academics believe 19th century society was degenerating? How did this affect art and culture?
Is management an art?
How do you do encaustic painting & create detail?
What sculptures did Isaac Cordal make?
Who is the most successful designer/artist from RISD?
Are there any interactive public art installations in San Leandro, California?
What is an example of a piece of text and a painting that share similar themes?
Which subject is needed in the 11th class and in the 12th class in India in order to do a bachelor’s of fine arts in animation?
What is the importance of non-representational art?
What are your preferred tools to create art?
Where do I find abstract art for sale?
How does mehndi give scope for artists?
How important was painting to you when you were at primary school? Why?
What type of painting or artwork is Madonna of the Chair?
How can I create original artworks/ideas?
How do I get an internship as a sketch artist or painter in India?
How can I sell my paintings in Pakistan?
How do I paint Baleno alloys black?
Would anyone like to share their experience as a painting artist or as a traveler that would inspire a beginner?
How do painting and coating differ?
What is the purpose of a PhD in the field of humanities and arts unlike STEM areas?
What is rock art and why is it important?
How do hotels typically buy art for their locations? How do they source art pieces?
What is the average licensing fee for art?
Why is "Guernica" by Pablo Picasso important?
How many paintings did Rubens paint?
Do you think art is supposed to deliver the message of the artist or be open to personal interpretation?
Where can I buy a Wall painting? I live in Portugal.
Where can we sell our art works in India if we are new comers?
What are we supposed to do in painting exhibition?
Which is the best institute for pursuing diploma in fine and arts in Hyderabad?
What are some ways to preserve an encaustic artwork?
What are best strategy/schools to study post graduation in fine art photography in U.S. for a person who does not have graduation degree in arts?
Do great artists find or wait for inspiration?
What do you call a style where the amount of paint is too much and it drips?
How can you make a Tanjore reverse glass painting and what are some examples?
How are action figures painted?
What are some of the characteristics of post modern art?
Do I have the potential as an artist?
What art shall I create?
Was Van Gogh inspired by George Seurat?
Has there been a shift in the culinary world regarding food tasting good, as there was a shift in visual art regarding art looking good?
Why are artists so troubled?
How can I find a cheap water painting kit in UK?
What is the reason behind the Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I of England painting?
Is there a database of famous paintings with locations where they were painted?
What are the best concept art colleges in India?
How can I think of art as something useful enough to sell?
How can I pursue both science and arts?
Is FLAME University good for the arts?
Why is art sold in editions? Is there another school of thought that values mass production?
Why do people insist on referring to the art technique of stippling as pointillism?
Does a person's way of interpreting art say more about them as a person than it does about the artwork?
How many paintings has Ben Quilty produced? Which piece is he best known for?
Is art important in school education?
How is knowledge produced in art?
How is the Paris Modern Art Museum building veiwed today compared to when it was first built?
Is coloring a good way to ease into painting and art?
How do I sell painting in Delhi?
Do you have an art that you want to share online?
Where can I sell scifi art offline?
What are the most important factors to consider when choosing where to buy affordable art online?
What should I make my "Creative Project" about?
Who are the greatest portrait artists?
What are some examples of cases where artists premiered full albums in concert?
I am an artist. I love art. Drawing and designing is what I love to do. What are the career options I have?
What does the agenda of an aspiring artist look like?
What is the analysis of the painting "Birth of Venus" by Botticelli?
Can learning the fine arts make one's mind and heart pure?
Who is the finest artist of horses in your view - and why?
Who were the earliest artists making prints?
Did Vincent van Gogh only paint?
Where can I get feedback on a few art pieces for an opinion if I have a chance of succeeding in the business?
What do you learn in an MFA in studio arts?
What makes Jasper John's paintings so unique?
Of all Michelangelo's sculptures, which sculpture says most about him as an artist and human being?
What are Isometric drawings used for and when are they used?
Is the term "state of the art" overused?
How good is the Indian employment scenario for art curators?
What’s the best way to answer someone who feels the arts are frivolous and unimportant and should not receive government funding? PS: I am an artist.
Was Surrealism misogynistic?
What is an abstract element?
What relationship exist between science and politics as an art?
How should I express my art talent?
How was art before the Impressionism movement?
Did Henry Holiday plagiarize John Martin?
How much can a person really make by selling DIY projects like, concrete pots and art online?
Where do I get really large format art canvases?
Has art benefited your life? How?
Why were there so many nude paintings during the Renaissance era?
Will 3-D printing make it irrelevant whether you own the original or a reproduction of a masterpiece painting?
Any public places with canopies whose shadows create words/art or are made of art?
Have you ever created an art business card?
Do you know any paintings that depict humans in agony or burning people?
Has the Smithsonian Arts & Industries Building reopened yet?
Should I choose fine arts or liberal arts if I want to get in film business?
What is the name of this kind of drawings? Please look in the description as the work is in the description.
Is life like an art?
What is the most mysterious paintings after MONA LISA?
Will there be more art events in India like India Art Summit and Kochi-Muziris Biennale?
Is math an art endeavour?
Why is marble used to make sculptures?
What transparent finish should I put on an aluminum art piece that will protect it on the outside wall of a garage through a Minnesota winter?
How often do you visit art galleries?
How has a film, book, piece of music or any other significant work of art inspired or influenced your own work or the way you look at the world?
Have you ever put together an artist fan club or fan group?
How does one create a good art potfolio for university?
How was your experience with Atelier school of Dramatic arts?
Which artists use (literal) questions in their artworks?
What is the most famous painting of Hell?
How is autistic art different from neurotypical art?
If you had to paint a picture to describe the word "Menagerie", what would you paint?
How did you start making good money selling your art and make it into a career?
The phrase 'I wish I could do art, but I'm just not creative' confuses me. Being creative (as I am) does not enable me to create art. Can you advise me?
What is the most simple yet most impactful art piece you've ever seen?
Is there any Art Search Engine that catalogues all "important" art ever created and is curated by professionals?
What is GitHub's Octocat sculpture made of, wood or clay?
Is it possible to get good at art if you have no talent?
What are some good national art competitions?
Which countries have the best career outlook for fine artist?
How do experts determine artists state of mind or thinking with which he drew the painting? What are various hints to understand it?
Is crashing pop cans considered art?
What is a good analysis of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
What are some best paintings on the topic "out of the world"?
How did prehistoric artists use lines in their paintings and drawings?
What is the meaning of a green painted curb?
What do you think of Chinese painting?
What is the way to get models to commission an artist to do custom work for them?
Is stating painter Lee Krasner was a abstract-symbolist a original possible art criticism /art history thesis topic?
How should a proper mailing to a booker of an artist look like?
What should a person with an unusually strong sense of justice and artistic talent with drawing do with their lives in terms of career and calling?
Would you buy an art print that has been laminated?
If you wanted to linger in an art gallery for a while but had trouble standing, is there any solution besides a wheelchair?
Would there have been botanical prints, shoe drawings and a Chanel perfume painting in Carrie Bradshaw's 1986 apartment?
How can we use art to show what we think?
What are some potential challenges artist might face when creating public art pieces that are government funded?
What paint artists commonly use to make initial draft sketches (thin blue lines)?
What is state-of-the-art technolgy?
Since we are all our own worst critic, would it be a bad idea to design my own tattoo?
How do I combine my interest in Fine arts, performing arts, and studies with my earning field?
Where can I upload my drawings to be critiqued? Is DeviantArt good?
What is Name Art?
How do I master an art of politics?
What is fractal abstract art?
Where can I find images of ancient artworks online?
When comparing images (paintings, prints etc.), how do we decide that one of the images could be an allusion to the other image?
Do people who lack interest in art and literature have a disorder?
Is there an equivalent of the US National Film Registry for books?
Would you choose to create visual art or music?
What are the famous arts of mesopotamia?
Is this an overlooked masterpiece?
What does "The Face of War" by the famous artist Salvador Dali mean and represent?
What are the TV shows that you find visually impressive?
How does an artist choose the right marble for a sculpture?
Why is art less appreciated nowadays?
What's the task, target & role of visual artist?
What are the chances an art critic spots a painting (scribbled on white canvas with pencil) that falsely claims to be from CY Twombly as a fake?
If I program an artwork for someone else should I have my name on it? The artist just has the idea and I do the work.
How can religious art inspire others?
Which oil paints do artists use in India for oil paintings?
What do you think about the art courses of Paul Klein, are they truly effective?
How many dimensions are there in the famous painting 'Mona Lisa'?
What are some techniques for painting over black paint?
Does postmodern art employ 'lazier' techniques of art than that of its predecessors?
Who changed and revolutionized Florentine painting?
Is earning an MFA necessary to be accepted as an emerging artist?
Does India lack originality and innovation in modern arts, architecture and solutions for town planning?
Is there a notion of completeness in art? How is it defined?
'Madhubani', a style of folk paintings, is popular in which of the following states in India?
How can you describe the different types of fine arts?
What art prints could replace a cityscape and the moon, mountain and forest?
What is the connection between science and arts?
Is there any book for understanding Art Law for collectors and gallery owners?
How are art start-ups like Cupick, Paintcollar, etc. doing in terms of profit and sales? Isn’t it too hard to sell art on merchandised products?
What would life be like without art?
What is the process of starting an art exhibition?
How do you think Red Bull Doodle Art gets judged all around the world?
How do you write out the medium for a digital art work as you would a painting?
Where can I get my body painted in India? (body painting art)?
What are the criteria when purchasing a painting, both as an art piece and investment?
Who is the fastest at math, Indians or Americans?
What would you do if you can't stand the beauty in things like painting, music, dance, and every other arts?
As an amateur artist, when preparing for an art exhibition, should I necessarily present a series of paintings?
Why is Velázquez often considered the best painter ever?
What art pieces are the closest to The Charge of The Light Brigade"?
Which are the best art universities in the UK?
Are there artists who like audience participation?
Is it important that there is some logic in mind while you're creating your artwork?
What is classical art?
Is it possible to work part time as a cartoonist, or fine artist while working a full time job?
How is art safe in today's nationalism?
How would I make kitschy artwork?
What is a good analysis of the painting "The Battle of Alexander at Issus" by Albrecht Altdorfer?
Who is the highest paid living fine artist?
What did most Roman Art consist of?
How do I find an art collector for a new art gallery business with a low marketing budget?
What do you wish you would have learned in art school?
Has anyone made art out of gallium?
Can art compete with nature?
Why is art, music & photography forbidden in Islam?
Art is visual poetry. What does this mean to you?
How do Christian (or Muslim etc) art lovers feel about those highly artistically valued but faith contradicted arts?
What painting materials did Henri Matisse use? Why did he choose this?
How can I sell my drawings or paintings online, i.e as an online business?
What are best institutes for visual and performing arts in India?
What are the best seats for viewing a performance at caldwell fine arts?
If somebody wants to buy my paintings, do I sell my original ones?
If Van Gogh's painting weren't considered special during his lifetime, how did they become so valuable after his death?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
What is the name of the music video in which a man cries while painting a painting?
What are the best colleges for game art and animation in Europe?
How long would it have taken to create the sculpture The Pieta?
How do you obtain an art-gallery representation if you’ve never had it?
What are some of Michiyo Akaishi's art works?
How can I promote my scribble as a masterpiece of modern art?
Can you share how much improvement you've made in digital art with an example?
How did Roman art influence Croatian Mediterranean Cities?
How would you describe the Rajasthani school of miniature painting?
Do you need experience before you go to art school? Can someone who has very little knowledge of art be successful?
Are there people on this planet who dont get influenced by marketing and the art of seduction?
Do you buy art?
What form of art is at Ellora caves of aurangabad in India?
Why is 'The Scream' by Edvard Munch is the 2nd most popular painting in art history?
What are the good shops to buy art and craft supply in Bombay?
How can I sell my art at Sotheby’s?
How can photorealism art best be described?
What are the best universities for MFA (Masters in Fine Arts) in creative writing?
Can numbers explain art?
What is more important in painting: technique or what it transmits?
What are the techniques and requirements for resin art?
What is considered good art, or quality art?
What parallels and differences are there between art jewellery and fine art?
What do you think will painting be like in 100 years?
What is the starter kit required for oil painting in your opinion?
What are the requirements needed by the Indian people for e-bikes?
What is the name of the type of painting where the paint is splattered on the canvas, or is it just called "splatter painting"?
Where can I get a box that will fit a 48"x36"x1.5" painting (cheapest option)?
Do you have any informatin about Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
What if your good at all fields in small amounts like art, music, dance, academics, etc? What will be your passion then?
Do you enjoy visiting art galleries even if you don't intend to buy anything?
Should I go into something creative like music and art or business and law for my career?
Who gets to judge whether a supposed piece of art is art or not? And why should I take their judgements as accurate?
Which is good - being better performer at everything or best in one art?
What do you think of questions where the asker wants opinions on his or her art?
Why is Claude Monet considered to be an impressionistic painter and not a neoimpressionist although he has painted many pointillistic paintings?
Why do people feel that the arts are a low subject and students feel shy by saying they are in the arts?
How do you know if your art is no good?
What type of copy right issue can be faced by making fan art from famous anime personas as art prints?
Where can I watch people painting in Tilt Brush online?
Does selling art prints ruin an art galleries credibility and reputation?
What makes Renaissance-era Florentine sculptures different from Antiquity-era Roman sculptures?
What should I name my art studio at home?
What are the best schools for fine arts other than RISD, Pratt?
How often did you receive art instruction?
How do you stop sucking at art?
Can any painting method be used instead of oil painting for wall decors?
Why do people steal art?
What is art's purpose now?
How can one make art crafts with waste materials?
How can an artist sell a painting every day?
Why do the arts and humanities matter?
How would I make art influenced by Lisa Frank?
Why does “Jean-Michel Basquiat” painting, “Mona”, have a bitcoin sign on if it was painted in the 80's?
How do I preserve a painting done with poster colours on a normal drawing paper?
How do I get admission in the Sir J.J. College of Art for a fine art (drawing and painting) course?
What is Baroque art?
How do I do better formal analysis of artwork?
How does visual art create a sense of community?
How do artists nowadays use modern technology create art?
What is the most famous painting by Lucy Culliton and why?
What is some art that shows chaos?
How can my art be more recognised on Paintcollar?
What kind of Art is this? How would you identify this style of artwork
Why do they put art on postage stamps?
Can drawing digitally help with traditional drawing?
Where can I show my painting and crafts in exhibition? Are there any contests?
How much does it cost to go to the museum of art?
What is smudging in arts?
What is that specific word for a practise/study painting?
Why are some artists known by their first names (Michelangelo, Rembrandt) and others by their last names (van Gogh, Picasso)?
What are some examples of the three types of art?
What is an abstract fine art photograph that you like?
What medium was used in the "Guernica" painting by Pablo Picasso? Why was that medium used?
Who is your favorite deceased fine artist?
What is the relationship between painting and movies?
What do you call that art style from 40-60's?
Can you share some of your glass painting works?
How can I get reviews on my painting at this forum? How can I upload my work?
Can a professional artist draw a detailed portrait of me?
What make artists different from other people?
Are there very few art museums in Vietnam and are the museums there mostly historical ones?
What are some of Gabe Alberro best know art works?
What is this STYLE of ILLUSTRATION called?
How do normal artists become famous artists like M. F. Husain?
My artwork was copied and is being sold by a major retailer. What consequences could I face by taking legal action against such a massive company?
Who are all time legends in their respective fields contributing significantly?
Do all watercolorists stretch their paper before painting?
How can I show you my painting for feedback?
I'm a beginning painter and only two brands of acrylic paint are available where I live: Staedtler and Art Advantage, which is best?
Where can I find influential art people to view my art and help set me on my path to fame and fortune?
What are the different types of Mexican art?
How do artists design artworks on websites?
What does the last stroke of the brush to a finished art piece feel like emotionally to a painter?
Why does representational art seem to be more popular?
How can I do encaustic painting with crayons?
How do I learn patch painting?
Are drawings considered folk art or fine art?
Have you ever seen a giant eating jelly sculpture?
To which period does the Buddhist art at Ajanta belong?
How important is it for an artist to have his paintings recognized and appreciated by others?
What have you learned from sculpture art in your life? I mean, what changed in regard to your character and your mental abilities after learning about sculpture?
Which literature on pictorial references and allusions in visual art can you recommend?
I find myself wanting to start drawing, and getting critique on my art. What are some good art websites for beginners?
Which, in your opinion, is the greatest painting in existence, and why?
Is my photo's file size large enough for a 6x6 inch art print?
Can I use my body to paint on canvas?
How do I draw a triangle with mouseOnClick like in Window’s Paint app?
Where is the best place in Germany to open art gallery?
How do I prepare properly for fine arts in MSU Baroda? What kinds of topics are gonna come on the exam?
How do I find a university that has a strong art program but not an art or design school?
What artists have used mathematics to create art?
What is the importance of the Equestrian sculpture of Marcus Aurelius?
What's one thing you would suggest to somebody trying to learn how to transition into fine arts from a street art/illustration background?
What do you think some artists wanted to develop a national style of art?
Should I really be so competitive with my art?
When is the art competition of ShowFlipper taking place?
Which artist draws/paints not so well but is popular or able to sell their art?
What are the greatest paintings about victory?
Can you help identify this 15c oil painting?
What kind of paintings do people like?
How did cubism help lay the foundation for abstract art?
How do you sign a fine art print?
What are some habits of an artist? How do they get those kinds of thoughts?
If you have to look at a painting twice to get its true meaning, do you think you would understand why the artists painted that piece of art?
How could I make money from these kind of arts?
When is a game considered art?
Who is your favorite painter and where can I find examples of their work?
How do I know if I am an artist?
Digital Art: Has Photoshop ruined art?
How do I explain the differences between flat art and superflat art?
How can I find photographer for my artwork? My name is Naz Smyth.
Which universities should I consider for PhD in painting for my cousin?
How do you find and pick Modern Art galleries in different cities?
How do I clean a white painting canvas?
How can I sell my art in India?
Are there any artists who have an extremely cartoonish style?
How can I dress like an artist that draws human anatomies?
What percentage of the Louvre's art collection has been acquired through spoils, thefts and treaties?
Where can I get quality painting services for interior painting in Charleston SC?
What are some famous paintings that depict love for place?
Why has Millais' "mistake" not been addressed by art critics?
What advantage do artists who have been drawing from a young age have compared to someone who picked up art a few years ago?
What do you think about my paintings (especially the ones with planets)?
Which is the best architectural style: Victorian, Rococo, Baroque, Art Nouveau, or Art Deco?
Who are the most successful/reputable art licensing agents?
Should an emerging artist with few paintings have a website?
What are some nice collections of mind-blowing paintings/artwork?
What is the importance of visual arts?
Who are the big names of the contemporary art scene today?
What will be scope of fine arts as a career after 3 years?
How can I sell my paintings in Romania, considering I'm underaged?
What is truly art, and what is not?
In India what is the procedure for seeking permission for outdoor sketching and painting?
How can I become a self-taught artist (painter)?
Which subject should I drop, visual arts, drama, or music?
Where can I find light painting tools India?
What are the best Indian contemporary instillation art works?
What should I be doing as an artist to market myself?
How do you decide which art is worth buying?
How come billionaires spend so much money on a useless piece of “art" also known as paint work?
Is it necessary to be famous to be able to sell your art?
What is an art movement?
Can art help in understanding culturally responsive mathematics? How?
How can one validate the authenticity of a Peter Beard print/artwork?
Why is a skull such a popular subject for painting?
Surely for something to be art, the artist just needs to change their perspective of the something, right?
Is there a way to become a better artist other than "drawing more"?
Why are King Arthur's paintings so famous?
What is the art of making questions?
What is the pattern of entrance exam for fine arts?
Why are old and ugly paintings so expensive?
Who buys art and why?
What is the title/artist of the oval painting hanging in the living room on "All in the Family"?
If I was the owner of this app (Quora), what would you say to me?
How much does a Sol LeWitt wall drawing cost?
How is it, overall, being an employee for Music & Arts?
What works of art have a philosophic interest?
My art prof. wants me to embed a small photo of the piece I’m referencing into my paper. How would I do that in MS Word ’07?
What does "R.A., P.R.W.S." next to an artist name mean?
Which place in Hyderabad sells oil painting materials (canvas, brushes, colours etc.)?
Why are the paintings in the Collector's Corner website so expensive?
What are professors at Cooper Union like?
Are there any websites similar to mutualart.com which give artists performance and sales graphs for free?
Were there any famous artists who also made prints?
Is talent in art genetic?
How can I recognize a lithograph picture?
Is there any course relating to fine arts plus engineering?
Does working on art create internal instability in you?
What course are present if I want to learn fine arts after engineering?
Which state of India is still devoted to progress of art and literature?
What is the scope for digital fine art?
Did Michelangelo paint the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel while lying down?
Where can I hire very knowledgeable and friendly painting staff in Brisbane?
Which one is best for girls, fine arts degree or interior design degree?
What is the best thing you have ever drawn?
What makes contemporary art so enticing and what kinds of people truly appreciate it?
What are the best digital art services that can draw for you? Like in case you can't draw, or you want the digital art to be drawn nicely by artists.
Some people say that everyone can create art, but others think only those who are talented or have special skills can create art. Why?
In what room would you hang this 1973 surrealist, erotic fine art lithograph by Salvador Dali?
Are people who do realistic drawings better than the Renaissance artists?
How does art commissions work?
What are the best art supply brands?
How do I sell my non-original artworks? How do I find buyers for them?
What is the best way to sell canvas paintings? Is there a network in Hyderabad which I can join to market them through an exhibition.
How do I improve the quality of my artstyle in the eyes of the artistic community?
How did Pablo Picasso paint Guernica?
How can one understand the difference between art and craft?
Can art be explained by math?
What is the difference between Mughal style of miniature painting and Rajput style?
Is there some postgraduate course where we can learn to tell stories through different art forms, like dance, photography, drawings, etc.?
Where can I shop for abstract photography online as a newbie to the art?
Can anyone share your paintings or sketches here?
Why isn't computer graphics art appreciated as much as classical art?
How can I earn more money: selling or creating artwork?
Who are some of the best artists (painters) on Quora? Can you also share their work.
What art prints would've gone with that green couch in the apartment on the Carrie Diaries?
Who authenticates artworks by Indian artists like F N Souza, V S Gaitonde and more?
Who is a better artist Paul Klee or Kandinsky?
Can I paint an object with a paint of a color outside of the visible spectrum? Could I somehow use, say, ultraviolet-color paint to paint the object?
How can I depict diversity through drawing/painting?
What is a formal analysis of sculpture? What are some examples?
Do I draw and sketch well for a beginner?
What's the difference between a paintings retail value and insurance value?
What are examples of rebellious art movements?
Is art getting better or worse?
Is Gujarat University the right university to do B.F.A(Bachelor of Fine arts)?
What is your definition of "All art into one"?
What is the maximum sentence for subway art?
How important is studying other artist work if you are an artist?
What are the different lists of the 7 elements of art?
How do I get into art?
Who are the most important painters of all time?
What is the state of art in the world today?
What makes certain paintings more renowned than others?
What would you do if people at school traced their artwork and got away with it for an art assignment?
If this applies to you, what is your favorite Van Gogh painting/drawing/work? Why?
How much is an arts & crafts teacher’s salary?
Is there a new period of selling art?
Could all the people whose 5 year olds have easily painted superior work to modern abstract painters please post examples?
Is nail thread portrait art patented?
What are some unique ways of painting?
What are the best universities offering the 'Contemporary Art practices' course in bachelors of art?
What are the course in art sector?
Which is the best, most resistant and light paint for radio controlled airplanes?
How do you flatten watercolor painting with water?
What should one learn in order to become an Art Curator?
What message does the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton convey?
How is the content in art determined?
How do I make sculptures?
What style of art works well for art licensing?
Is there a university for performing arts in India?
What are the most popular subjects in paintings?
Who painted the simple blue stripe painting?
Are the Arts irrelevant to the daily lives of the majority?
What are the pros and cons of selling art on sites like Artfinder and Saatchi?
Why don't college art history classes discuss modern art from 21st century?
Should I go for a fine arts degree after B.Tech?
What are the different art forms?
What is the meaning/explanation behind the abstract painting "Interchange" by Willem de Kooning which was sold at a record price of 300 million USD?
What is the best fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
What is the meaning of the painting "Lilith" by John Collier?
If you buy a famous piece of artwork and destroy it in public, can you be charged with a crime?
How do I get my art work worldwide, popular and published?
Which is better for a PCM student - fine arts or physical education?
How did early artwork embody democratic values?
Why do artists paint people naked?
Which is the best kids painting software?
What is the Water Lilies painting series by Monet about?
What is your understanding of the term, 'art/artist'?
Why does my painting look patchy?
Which is the best institute for fine arts in NCR?
How is David Pulphus’ painting unnecessarily offensive?
Where does Andy Goldsworthy make his art?
What are some interesting art pieces from the 1800s?
What is Thomas Gainsborough most famous painting? What does it represent?
How do I post good quality digital art on Instagram?
How do I find the right art form to express myself with?
How do I reduce contrast when taking photos of paintings?
How does an artist color a drawing?
How do I know that my writing and artwork is any good?
How do I learn art of color matching for good looking/painted objects?
How come one day you can perfectly recreate the Mona Lisa in crayon but then on other days your hand has forgotten what a pencil is?
How do I get orders for art and craft?
What are some amazing drawings you have seen with a deep meaning ?
I'm an art student in Sweden, would I be able to become an architect even though I study in an art program?
How do I get my artwork to be recognized?
Is it worthwhile to do painting classes?
Is 'art theory' meaningful to you as an artist or as an audience?
What are some characteristics of pop art and what are some tips to identify it?
How do you sell art and receive payment under your pseudonym?
Why is art considered haram? Or what kind of art is considered haram?
Why are one of my classmates calling my drawings ugly, when they’re really not?
Can performance art be called so if the artist is not actively present in the artwork?
How would you explain Modern Art?
What is the best technique for realistic drawings, dry pastel or oil pastel?
Would it be interesting for the USA customers if I started selling Egyptian ancient history products on Amazon either retailing or drop shipping?
What is the name of this painting of Sohrab Sepehri?
How has art work on emotions resonated or commented relative to the world?
Which painting form is easiest to transition to from (sub-photo) realistic graphite drawings?
Any famous artist/group who uses Reaper to record?
What are art related courses in college?
Is it necessary to draw a graph for a complicated, realistic oil painting?
Why do artists paint Galaxy background to illustrate a dreamer?
What is sand art quite interesting to know about it?
Can you please interpret my art?
How would you describe watercolor painting?
When drawing something, how does an artist decide where to begin?
What is the value of art?
Can nudity in art be biblically acceptable?
Why art is essential to life?
What's the difference between minimalist style and empty form?
How would you describe this art piece?
Is stylised art easier than detailed one?
When in history was copying of paintings/drawings first possible?
Where can I get replica paintings?
What are the best PU Colleges (grade 11-12) in Bangalore?
Aren't there free advanced art tutorials?
How's KADK (Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts)'s master’s program in Architecture?
What aluminum can sculptures/art can I make with around 50 cans?
What kind of artwork can be considered fine art? Why is it called like that?
Were any of the family of Dutch Art Nouveau painter, Jan Toorop involved in the production of batik?
Is all art creative?
How do I enter Fine Art School-Barcelona and get a scholarship?
Where can I buy art glass products in Switzerland?
Where can quality Fantasy Art be bought for commercial use?
I graduated with Bachelors degree in Fine Arts, majoring in Sculpture. What are the best scholarships to pursue masters in sculpture (ceramic) abroad?
Why is modern art/painting very difficult to understand?
Can food be art?
What are some good art supplies if I want to do mix media?
Which painters used fractals in their art?
What kind of art or work do you love the most, that you believe you would like to do until your final breath (apart from "social networking" of course)?
Could you make this sound true "you don't own a thing in this world"?
If the Mona Lisa had never been painted in 1503 and instead a talented contemporary artist painted it today, how popular would this painting be now?
What is the hard part in opening an art gallery?
How do I get started to be part of subculture of art hoes?
Why does my father not appreciate art?
How did Nam June Paik make an impact in the art world?
What course should I pursue if I love to do the below things?
Is digitally printed glass considered art, and why or why not?
Which is the best fine arts college in Faridabad?
What does a moonlight shadow mean? How can it be represented through art? Or how has it been represented through visual art?
Will a good paint artist be a good Photoshop artist?
What makes an artwork untraditional?
What is the future of art in your opinion?
What are the advantages of painting stepping stones?
How can I monetize my drawings and paintings?
What are the best Modern Paintings?
What is the most hilarious painting?
Do art teachers throw away old student art regardless of maestralitty?
What is the number of people interested or buys a painting or an artifact or any art related item?
Does reframing artwork lower the value?
What are some examples of the formal elements of art?
Who provides commercial painting service in Australia?
Should artists get paid for their work if they give out some art for free for exposure?
What art print could complement a vintage art exhibition poster?
What is a theme in art?
Can an artwork be considered to be a question?
What is a good source for art gallery openings/events in Los Angeles?
Why are court proceedings often painted by artists and almost never photographed?
What is your Magnum Opus?
How it is justified to say, art is above these things?
What is the distinct feature of Raja Ravivarma’s painting?
What's the best platform to sell art?
How can I sell my art in Japan (online)?
Would a painting be worth more if painted by a child?
Why did painting and sculpture decline in the middle ages?
How did Italian Reinaissance art and Northern European art differ?
Where can I find a list of fine art grants in the United States?
Am I the only one who sings while painting, drawing or doing some art?
Who can help me identify this art piece? it's done on a camel hair canvas
I want to make face painting or make-up my new hobby. What products should I buy?
How can you tell if a Richard Lorenz painting is an original or a fan?
What kinds of paintings are pastel pencils best used for?
When have you felt most artistic?
Where can I get high resolution images of ancient paintings and art?
How were Goya’s Black Paintings transferred from the walls they were originally painted on?
Why do people say there is no scope in arts and humanities?
Which are the best contemporary art galleries or artist-run center in Paris for emerging artists?
How do I become more creative in the field of art and design?
How was the artwork made the MILKMAID by Johannes Vermeer?
What are some of the visual description of texture, pattern, time, motion, and balance on the Great Wall of China?
How does the artist Banksy keep managing to display his artwork (which must take hours), without ever getting caught in the act?
Who is the current artist with the most loyal fans around the world?
Where can I get a portfolio for my art class?
How do I scale up a drawing?
Why do people have a desire to create art?
Which are some of the painting to try for a beginner in Acrylics?
Do you need a license to conduct an art auction?
Does art need explanations?
Artists: What is the strangest piece of art you have been commissioned to make?
What are the latest styles in painting?
What are some impressive painting techniques?
How can I convince my art teacher to let me take AP Art?
What are some examples of maths in art?
What type of art is it called when you look at a picture and draw it without tracing?
What are some of the most interesting Renaissance paintings?
Is artistic creativity a sign of intelligence?
Can you use art with original characters of other people in your portfolio?
In Canada, what kinds of art are popular to put on their walls?
What kind of art goes with Patrick Nagel’s artwork in an 80's bedroom for a single male?
Where is a good place to find digital art for websites, such as illustrations and full size headers of illustrated minimalist art for web?
What are some notable Singaporean contributions to the arts?
What aspects/points/subtopics of theater studies do you enjoy/follow/find interesting?
What are the good oil and acyrlic paint brushes to buy online?
Are there any sculptures/statues of Antonio Corradini in Prague?
How do I make sense of modern art?
Is it necessary to have a undergraduate degree in fine arts to be an artist?
What's the meaning of the line " She is no mean authority upon art"?
I’m 14. How do I improve my own art?
Tonight's sunset was more beautiful than the Mona Lisa. Where does such delicate and sublime art come from?
What are some early political art pieces?
How can I contact an artist such as Jim Sanborn if I want to ask him some questions related to his artwork?
What jobs are there for people who like art but aren’t artists?
What is your best art?
How important are the eight principles of art?
How do I establish myself as an art critic?
What is your opinion on artists using Basquiat’s crown in their work?
From where can I learn painting and sketching online?
Can you think of anyone enigmatic enough to be a modern day Mona Lisa?
Did you ever experience grief when witnessing/hearing about the destruction of a piece of art?
How should I study art more effectively?
What are the differences between the Fine Arts Department of UCLA and of UCSB?
What art print could complement my mineralogy poster?
Are there any great art tool shops in Ōsaka worth visiting as an artist?
How did MC Escher use maths in his art?
Would you enjoy a dance performed by a robot?
How can I sell my paintings through representatives?
Would people buy my paintings if I sold them on the streets in Delhi?
What can be done, if anything, to encourage more appreciation of the arts and less catering to the LCD for the sake of box office receipts?
How does money laundering work in selling art works?
What are the art elements and principles?
How is The Art of War informative and important?
Why is the art market better in the US?
How do I make my art authentic?
Who are the most successful living fine artists?
What is the structural learning curve for digital painting that worked for you?
What kind of paper should Chinese landscape art (山水）be painted on?
What are some flea market art subjects that are not just fashion? I need something else with flowers.
What is a good description of a Flemish painting?
Are there any fine arts PUC options for a 10th pass student in Bangalore?
What are the most beautiful paintings of cats?
What is the timeline on schools of art and philosophy? Which schools came first, and how did they develop?
What do I use to determine if painting is done with oil or acrylic?
How do I focus on one interest as an artist when my goal constantly changes?
Is there business potential and profitability in writing a contemporary art travel blog?
What iconic photographs, images or paintings are there that relate to choir singing?
Why did Vincent van Gogh commit suicide?
What is a great watercolor painting instruction video?
What is this art style?
When art doesn’t sell anymore, what would the artists do?
Who are the private label manufacturers of art materials (fabric Glue, acrylic colours)?
What is the day like at an art college?
What is the most famous historical sculpture made using casting technique?
I came across these paintings by a group called Zebrating. How do they make these?
Where do I learn Tanjore painting in Tanjore?
What are some African art characteristics?
What are the career opportunities for a person who passed SSLC but is much more interested in drawing, painting and making creative art things?
How does latte art work?
What is a incongruous art movement? What are some examples?
How do I draw something in Microsoft Paint?
What are some examples of your own artwork?
How much do I have to practice art to stop sucking?
Why is the David sculpture famous today?
How would you estimate the total number of art works in existence today on people’s walls of their houses?
What is a teaching faculty position in Flame University, Pune (fine arts)?
What was the artistic achievement of the painter Sahibdin?
Imagine an infinitely empty space where things start appearing and communicating with each other. What would you name this place?
Which are the best photography art galleries for emerging artists around the world?
Who are some inspiring artists who did the impossible?
What are the exact interpretations of Jackson Pollock's paintings?
How does tragedy contribute to an artist’s art?
What are some of the most famous paintings of clowns?
Are there any artists who have reflected on Bezalel?
What are the top 10 ballet companies in the US? Why are they considered to be the best?
What is the difference between music and sound art?
What are some examples of art being too deeply interpreted?
How a new art website can attract art enthusiasts to post drawings?
How does Hoisel create his art?
Which movie's art direction has impressed you the most?
What are some artistic expression?
How important is completing 11th and 12th (CBSE) for someone who's planning on studying fine arts?
What are different levels of diploma in fine arts?
What is the difference between arthouse and art film?
What is relief sculpture?
What makes watercolor different from painting?
What should I look for when hiring a painting contractor?
Where can I find high resolution old masters painting online to study or reference?
What is the most expressive piece of art that you have ever seen?
How long should it take me to finish an art and design portfolio for college admissions?
Do artists subconsciously paint some of their own physical characteristics when painting?
What is the significance of the 1 9 6 8 spray-painted on some French cityscapes?
Does a museum that displays a famous painting control the intellectual property associated with that painting?
What are the career opportunities with a diploma in fine arts (visual arts) from IGNOU?
How can I sell high end paintings?
What is expected from a portfolio when applying to study Information Experience Design at Royal College of Art?
What is the best brand of synthetic paint brushes for a student level watercolor painter?
Can I pursue fine arts in college without doing any in school?
When did graffiti start to be seen as art?
What can I do to get an A* in a level art?
How will apps like Prisma affect the future of fine artists?
Are there sites where you can pay artists to draw you?
Did Michelangelo employ the golden number ratio, rectangle, and spiral in his artistic compositions in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
Where can I find high quality prints of abstract art?
What's your best educated guess to the value of these 10 paintings?
Where can I get a real picture of earth (no composite, CGI or painting)?
Where can I find local arts and crafts in Denmark?
What are general painting tips?
How is arts and crafts influeneced by parallel projections?
How good are art experts in recognizing the author of a painting they have never seen?
What's equivalent to an art degree?
Why would the UK subsidize video games (an economically successful industry) at a time when they cut subsidy to art galleries and the performing arts?
Can contemporary art relate to preparing fruits, just like creating and sculpting?
Are most creative masterpieces just a combination of art with science?
How can we learn to read a piece of art?
Why artwork will help you to be at your creative best?
What are the Greek contributions to sculpture?
What is the difference between the volume of a solid and DFT in painting?
I plan on volunteering as an artist to work with children in a hospital setting, what are the best art activities or workshops to do?
How much should I charge for my artwork?
As a professional, goal-based artist, what are the main steps (e.g. conception, drafting) to use to complete paintings successfully?
Is there a place where I can buy sketches/doodles by artists?
What are the implications of "Art for art's sake"?
How would I make artwork influenced by Club Libby Lu?
Do you appreciate art created in Photoshop just as much as traditional art?
What makes the great artists of the past great?
How do I contact a Chinese national agent/agency to represent me to a gallery to sell original artwork?
What is high art? What are some examples?
How do I paint over an oil painting?
How common is it for artists to create art intensely personalized for the experiences of people they know? (esp their benefactors)
What was the most unusual painting that you have ever seen in your life?
I want to put on an art show. What's a good starting point for a beginner?
To artists: Do you still work on your art even when you are unpleasantly sick and ill?
What makes modern art so expensive?
What are the veryTamil 'things/art/culture' which are projected/claimed to be of others?
How do you know if an artwork is good?
Is cinema a composite art form?
In a class of 50 students, 18 take music, 26 take art, and 2 take both art and music. How many students in class are not enrolled in either music or art?
Are some people only able to appreciate art after being exposed to a sufficiently high number of training examples of art?
Is Minimalism the hardest form of abstract art?
What are some great art books?
Is Jazz a postmodern art form?
Why did ancient architecture intertwin with Art?
What are artworks like The Last Judgment; either of MichaelAngelo or of Bosch?
How does one become a famous artist?
How do I find a source for Hartman's paintings or sketches that inspired Mussorgsky's "Pictures from an exhibition?
Should I feel bad about some of the paintings in my art exhibit?
How does art help in personality?
It is important to know anatomy in order to become an artist?
How can you do glass painting?
Which are the good books on appreciating art (painting) for beginner?
Which movies are known to be technically superb but artistically questionable?
Where can I find a decent art journal in India (that I can preferably find online)?
How is art work used in Mr. Robot?
Why is the painting "The Raft of Medusa" important and controversial?
What is the proper meaning of Phantasmagoria in art?
What is the importance of Michelangelo in history?
Who created the marbling art technique?
Why do you think there are so many questions on Quora regarding art? Does this indicate the power of art in contemporary society?
How can I get a chipped oil painting repaired?
What are good alternatives to Jazza's Arty games?
Fine art photography: how long does it take you on average to process an image?
Does Philadelphia have an art scene?
Any leads for art gallery jobs in Delhi?
What important skills do you think an artist should have other than technique?
What are the differences between Mesopotamian and Egyptian art?
What is the analysis towards Johannes Vermeer's painting- "The Geographer"?
How does your first painting look like?
Are you interested in learning about fundraising art auctions? Have you heard of Marlin Art?
I am black and really like Adolf Hitlers artworks, is it wrong?
Is it self-centered to have a large painting/picture of your face on your bedroom wall?
What are some tips for making my AP art studio final portfolio?
What are the secondary colors in art?
Who were the first artists?
Is SAT II required for the Faculty of Fine Arts?
Say I were to paint digitally on a picture of a traditional piece of artwork; would this be considered mixed media?
Do I need to use enamel on the canvas before painting?
Is it legal to complete an art commission for money if it mimics someone else's copyright? (e.g. an oil painting of Iron Man)
When and how did impressionism become popular?
Are there any free lessons to learn about color in illustration?
Why should fine arts not be required?
What wall decor could replace Carrie Bradshaw's 1980's framed artwork if I'm an artist?
What do people mean by altered art and what is the purpose behind it?
Who are the best living artists?
Do arts streams have any market value?
How much is the Painting worth on the Led Zepplen iv album?
What are some aspects of art that I should look for when developing a taste for it?
Why is Mona Lisa art, and not that graffiti in the neighbor’s wall?
As an artist what's your purpose for making art?
How do i write an appreciation message to an artist?
Who are the top 5 abstract painting artists?
What is the scope for the arts?
What are some criteria art collectors consider when purchasing contemporary photography pieces?
How many paintings did Watteau paint?
How is BFA with specialisation in digital arts of UPES?
If you are painting when do you know you are a true artist and not just an amateur?
Why does Western art typically omit the pudendal cleft when depicting female nudes?
Regarding professional photography, how can I find an agent?
What would be the ultimate Vincent Van Gogh to find in my attic?
How much do I price tag my painting on canvas with oil paint and soft pastel to sell?
What does Pierre Soulages think of Vantablack?
What is the difference between an Art Director and a Digital Art Director?
What is the use of art?
Can I make a good earning with my interest in fine arts even though I’m not really talented as a painter?
How do I help my sister prepare for a career in Art?
What is Siddharth Shingade's reputation as an artist?
What anime related art have you created that your proud of?
How did commercialization affect art?
How would you interpret Gustav Klimt's artwork "The Kiss?"
What's the best university to go to study art/design and technology?
Are there any watercolor painters/artists in Bangalore who would make a customized portrait like the one below?
What qualities do collectors look for in fine art nowadays?
Is it true that the Mona Lisa wasn't famous until it was stolen?
What variables should be taken into consideration when pricing a piece of art?
What is the first thing you see when you look at the image in the details of this question? What does this piece of art mean?
How is Art measurable?
Which are your favorite contemporary artists that paint mythological stuff?
How can I know about each and every art forms in brief?
Why are Picasso's paintings the most valuable in the world?
How can we understand the birth of an artwork? Van Gogh's intimate letters is an example, do we have others?
In what ways have Dadaism influenced modern and contemporary art?
What is the difference between a science and an art? For example, business is not a science but an art.
How much is the van Gogh painting Almond Blossoms worth?
Should I take Visual Arts SL in IB if I am not sure I am good at art?
What is some good Connverse fan art?
How was today's ISC Fine arts paper 2017?
Why are great artists usually not famous?
I paint after looking at other artist's on Instagram. Can I call it original?
In what way is art freeing?
What is the meaning of the Green Coca-Cola Bottles painting by Andy Warhol?
Why are Willem de Kooning, Robert Rauschenberg, and Jean-Michel Basquiat thought to be great artists?
How did Saul Bass create his posters?
Are art prints from Fine Art America considered giclee or digital prints?
What is the cheapest European school for art?
What are the characteristics of impalement arts?
Do artists need to explain their works?
How do you precisely hang an art exhibit made of many pieces of art in a gallery? Are there any shortcuts?
Are there any successful Christian artists today?
I am pursuing a degree in Biology Education, but I keep thinking I'd be happier as an art/music student. What should I do?
What kind of drawing or painting you may start with when you are a senior and don't have so much time in front of you?
What are the various types of art media?
How do I speak about my art if I have nothing to say about it?
What is a painting called that attaches physical objects, like feathers and sticks, instead of applying paint?
How can you earn money with a blog that has paintings, illustrations and images by other artists?
Do Indians value art at a considerable level, if not as much as the West does?
Is it okay to do bachelor of fine arts (applied arts) after bcom?
Is the perception of art a form of pareidolia?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used a reference photo for them?
What is required to stimulate another wave of innovation and energy in the Japanese contemporary art scene?
Can anyone share an outline picture for a good painting?
What do you think of Frederic Leighton's painting Flaming June?
Which is better NID or college of art Delhi for animation?
What is your favorite symbolic artwork?
How did the art or technique of naming things arise or originate?
Is the Carracci's painting a baroque style?
My first art exhibition's name is "A Sunflower's World". What kind of poster should I make?
What can I do to make sales on my artworks?
What's the best way to blur the edges of a dried watercolor painting? I want to minimize brush strokes that are visible now that the piece has dried.
What are paintings drawn on clothes known as?
Why do existentialists sell their art?
What would you say is the hardest to find fine art or craft supplies?
What should the temperature be for painting outside?
Why do people love opera (as an art form)?
What is the scope of creative art classes?
Who is the painter W. Grijve?
How do I buy paint for my painting business?
What should I hang in my bedroom instead of fashion art prints?
Is women's role in art fair?
What are your favorite examples of dada art?
How was photography influenced by impressionism?
How are the visual arts different from other forms of art in education?
What is the art of staying busy?
What are some of the historical artworks we can't stop looking at?
Is it legal to buy a Van Gogh painting and burn it?
Who are the most highly regarded Ukiyo-e artists?
How can I make my career in canvas painting?
What kind of people like expressionistic art?
How can my art be improved?
How much is a van Gogh painting worth?
What is the importance of painting studio?
What is an analysis of the famous painting "The Raft of the Medusa"?
Where can I find decently priced wall art?
What are the characteristics of prehistoric art? What was the purpose of prehistoric art?
What is significant about “The Hand in the Cactus?”
What price to sell a painting as a beginner?
What are some examples of realistic paintings from the Mughal era in India?
What is art and its aspect in the world?
How do I have a good career as an artist?
What four-year colleges have the best art departments?
Is there any amazing painting apart from the Mona Lisa?
How do I turn an old book into art journal?
Which website do you often buy art materials from?
Can you show me some amazing artwork of any kind that you have done?
Why is the ''Arjuna penance'' or ''Descent of the Ganges'', situated at Mammalapuram, called FRESCO painted in stone?
Should art sites like DeviantArt be removed because they made fan art, which is a copyright violation?
If there had not been Christianity and Islam, would human civilization such as art and science have been much advanced than now?
Is Michael Jackson the most famous artist of all time ever?
What is significant of art?
Why was Leonardo da Vinci's art grotesque?
What are the competitive / market dynamics in the auction house industry (i.e., Sotheby’s, Christie’s)? What are the main threats to the status quo?
Is buying a Van Gogh painting a good investment?
What are the best fine arts pictures or images?
How do I sell water colour painting?
Who was the artist that made Dropbox’s Chrome Panda?
As an artist, how can I KonMari old recordings, artworks, writings etc. that don't spark joy but I feel bad discarding because they were my creations?
How do artists create assemblage sculptures?
Did Vincent Van Gogh really eat yellow paint?
What's the best city to live in Germany for art students?
Have you ever bought art supplies online? How was the experience?
What are some ways of painting contact paper?
What is the historical significance of the Guernica painting by Picasso?
What field should I choose in art?
Why do we associate the Renaissance with art?
Why do artists like to paint people naked?
Is there a Connection between art and gender?
What are some of the biggest conspiracy theories in world history?
What is the history of a painting?
Why do people destroy art?
Besides Raja Ravi Varma, who are greatest fine artists from India?
Is it legal for an art gallery owner to refuse to sell a painting to a visitor?
What elements (design, composition, social, financing, historical, geographical, theoretically/ideologically based) lend to a work of art's greatness?
Are art/design jobs worth to apply for and what are the most recommended ones?
Should I take fine arts as optional with PCB for 11th?
What are the market prices of Sindhi arts and crafts?
What is your favorite art form?
What are some awesome names for an art business selling handmade paintings?
What is integrated art?
How do I become a successful webcomic artist?
How did Renaissance painters mix their paints, and what did they use to paint on?
What is/are the best free site/s to make a website or a page for an online emerging artist's presentation? And which of my artwork should I put there?
Could this art style be successful for children’s books?
I’m looking for a painting that depicts a woman, her maid and the decapitation of (possibly) John The Baptist. Could you help?
How do I find the distance from a painting that gives the largest viewing angle for a 0.75 cm painting that is 1.2 m above eye level?
Why do fine art photography prints cost thousands of dollars apiece? Do they often appreciate in value even if the artist is not world-famous?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
Is it legal to save pictures of my favorite painters' artworks on my PC?
Do we no longer have a societal need for art in the modern world?
Where can I found efficient painters for small and large commercial painting projects in Paddington?
What program do professional artists use to make pixel art?
Is my unique type of painting appealing?
Are the floors of art galleries and museums generally not carpeted?
What work of art stunned you?
Are there any examples in the field of the arts, of people who started practicing an art form in their mid-30s and became famous?
Is it against copyright law for copying famous artists’ paintings in different media?
How do I use art books?
What do you like about Renaissance art? What are your favorite art pieces from this era?
What is the meaning behind Julien Marinetti sculptures?
Can fine art students apply to a world famous university such as Harvard or Cambridge?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
I'm 16. How can I display my art?
What are some useful art books for painters?
Where is the portrait of Galileo painted by Domenico Crespi da Pasignano?
Do personal tragedies create the poets and artists within us?
What is the best art gallery in Kolkata?
What kind of art do you enjoy the most?
How great was the influence of Egypt on modern architecture and art?
In what ways do still-life paintings convey a vanitas theme?
Should abstract art that doesn't represent anything be considered art at all?
What is creative art in communities where Galamsey operations are rampant?
What was the philosophy of the School of Pont Aven?
What is the reputation of the SF MOMA? How is it different from other museums of modern art?
Can you post any of your accidental art works?
How do you apply gold leaf (both real and immitation) on canvas?
How do arts as a medium deal with the question of representation of women?
As a beholder, how do you know if a work of art is any good?
What is marketing of visual arts?
I'm having trouble keeping my watercolors from blurring into one another how do I keep them distinct?
What are differences between an abstraction in a painting and abstract painting?
Which Indian contemporary artists are influenced by graffiti art?
What are the basic tools in GIMP that can be used to create a digital painting?
Does the Golden Number Ratio Principle accurately explain why the golden cut and Fibonacci Numbers exalt beauty in art, photography, and design?
Will it be okay to choose painting in the fine arts as a career in these days? Many suggested that painting, as a career, is not appropriate these days.
What can be an idea to depict that art is the medium to feel science?
How do you approach a painting?
Is art worth paying decent money for, or at least a liveable wage for said artist?
What is the line art element?
My artistic expression is such a cliche, how do I become better?
What city has the most art galleries?
What is the scope of Bachelor of Fine Arts?
I am 17, going into my last year of highschool. I aspire to have a career in the visual arts. How should I prepare?
What famous pieces of art have been lost in tragedies?
How can I make my home more cozy, classic and elegant (such as by having flowers, mirrors and paintings)?
Does painting an article by neon paint is manufacturing?
What paint or colour was used by picasso in the painting roaster?
Is arts a good stream? And tell me the jobs in arts?
Are there any 1-2 year fine art painting schools,apprenticeships, or programs available in the US?
What's it like to be a worn out genius?
Why do most of the painters choose to do scenery drawings?
What are some examples of Roman art in the modern day?
Who are the most quintessential L.A. visual artists?
How do I find my identity as an artist?
Does art keep you grounded and how?
What are examples of sculptures like the one Guillermo Tolentino did?
How and where can I show my paintings in an exhibition?
What would you want a painting of?
How does visual art help us connect to the past?
If I drew colorful lines on a canvas would it be considered art?
Can I opt for a bachelor in fine arts with photography through the UCEED entrance exam?
My art is weird what can I do different?
What work of art evokes a sense of awe in you?
From where I can self teach myself pencil portrait art?
Aside from Tabi, who are your favorite artists?
Do artists only learn from their artwork what they intended when creating it?
How can I create an artistic representation of the noumenal and phenomenological world according to Kant?
If you could only visit one art museum in Paris, which would you choose?
Where can I find traditional artist in Texas?
Why do people invest in the arts? Why is art so important that people are willing to contribute money to it instead of the charity?
Why is the Mona Lisa considered such a great painting?
Should all art be considered graven images?
If Donald Trump would be any famous painting, what painting or piece of art it could be and why?
What is the purpose of all kinds of art such as pictures, paintings, sculptures etc?
What do you think about my fourth oil painting from the Ennio Morricone series (see at the link below)?
What art is this on the rug?
What advice would you give a Bachelor in Fine Arts (U. of Cape Town) with a MBA in Art Management (Paris School of Business) looking for a job in USA?
Do you have to think to enjoy art?
How does art bring positivity in the work place?
Does an artist need to explain his works?
Would the best impressionist paintings still be as understandable were it not for the existence of other impressionist paintings?
How do I get into Art Academy of Cincy?
Where can I get solved model sample papers for fine arts painting class 12th?
Is it necessary to write 'about the artist' while describing a painting in the Fine Arts' (painting) CBSE board exam?
Which is better, sketching or oil painting?
Are there any free online art school-like-things that are good?
What is the most expensive painting sold in private auction?
Did people depict or use sex in the arts?
What artists create paintings of night life?
What is the most inspirational place for you to create art?
Where can I learn more about Flemish art?
Should an artist focus on a single history-making project or multiple less impacting ones?
How much can you make a month selling good art?
What is your favorite Van Gogh painting?
Should fine arts classes be cut from schools? If so, why? If not, why not?
Is there any bright scope in paintings?
What are some of the best artworks of anthropomorphisized animal warriors?
I'm to write a descriptive essay on a famous piece of art. Which piece of art should I choose?
If a person is good in glass painting what job suits him?
What universities offer a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Chicago for an international student?
What does it mean when you see an Illuminati painting in your boss's office?
Is children's artwork better than modern art?
Do art critics give a bigger priority to technique or theatricality while analyzing a painting?
What are ways to self harm that don’t leave scars?
What is the right way to pronounce "Venice Biennale"?
How did illusionistic ceiling painting first start?
How can I make money through my art, painting and drawing skills?
What should I do if my art prices are too high?
Is there any style of art that emphasizes laziness on the part of the painter?
Can I sell photos of a public sculpture?
Why is contemporary art so bad compared to medieval art?
What artwork is on the cover of Eric Evan's Domain-Driven Design book?
Do artists draw their own portraits?
How can I submit my work to art critics?
Why should I be an art major?
Could hacking become an art forms in the years to come?
Can I use any polystyrene for sculptures?
What is the best base used for painting clay sculptures?
What is your review of Yes Painting?
How should I get into Chinese or Zen landscape painting?
Are there any online courses or YouTube channels for art (drawing and painting)?
What's the same between Expressionism and Impressionism (art)?
Why is art nowadays so different compared to art back in the Renaissance period? What is modern art to you?
Are you into contemporary art?
How could I sell my paintings in Hyderabad, India?
Are there university courses abroad that fuse advertising and fine arts where you can make more interactive ambient installations for brands?
What's the meaning of art of living?
Who is the best sculptor in Delhi?
How does painting reflects one's behaviour?
Who is your favorite sci-fi illustrator and why?
What advantages did contemporary artist Shitz Popinov have?
Can I be considered an artist if I don't earn money from my art?
What is your favourite masterpiece painting?
What is the present scope for digital art?
How do you feel about art?
Is there a site that offers online programs for a nonverbal people who think visually?
What are some principles in your field that anyone can apply in their everyday life?
Can I improve my watercolour painting skills by using colouring books?
Why do the arts need funding?
What are the steps to painting?
How would you explain famous pieces of modern art?
What do you love about art?
How would you view an artist who doesn't have a set style?
Can you name paintings that have had different meanings in different parts?
What are some abstract expressionism and expressionism art galleries?
What is this painting called?
What is the best 21st century ceramic art?
What are the best Art Direction courses in India?
I consider myself to be an artist, but lately I have been slacking off when it comes to actually creating art. How do I find inspiration?
Why is Salvador Dali's painting 'Original Perfection' so dark?
What is the greatest power of an artist?
What is a good piece of art that would not be possible without today's technology? Why is it a good piece if art?
What subject is there in Arts?
What were the negative impacts of surrealism?
Has anyone ever heard of the artist Francisco pradilla ortiz? What are the chances the one below is one of his paintings?
Has anyone created a drawing or painting of their dreams?
Who is the best artist - the one who creates or the one who interprets?
Who is the best Indian painter who mastered abstract paintings?
Why is corrosion prevented by painting?
What were the contributions of the Romans to modern art?
How much RAM do you need for digital art?
How can I buy art online that isn't mass produced?
Who is your favorite fine artist in San Francisco right now?
How did Pablo Picasso change the world with his paintings?
How can make asymmetrical artwork?
What is landscape in art?
What are some great collaboration in the arts?
Can you share some of your charcoal artwork?
A weird question. What can I draw for my little sister? I'm going to give her an empty art book, and I want to draw on the first site.
How do I protect water color paintings from fading away?
How did you get better at drawing and painting?
Which are top tuition free fine arts colleges for international students?
How can I sell my paintings?
What is the most famous painting that you have ever seen?
What are the best names for a craft and art gallery?
What should I do with my art degree?
What's the price of Tanjore paintings according to the sizes?
Is this an okay drawing for a 13 year old?
If you printed a digital painting on an ink jet printer, would the result be a watercolor painting?
How do I prepare for Sir JJ School of Arts and MSU Baroda?
Why was impressionism art rejected?
Which is the best home painting service in India?
Can any art work be called a bad art or ugly art?
How do I sell art online and become successful?
Can color make a sound, what's your perspective for media art artists?
What would life be without art?
What is arts? Who is an artist?
How much should I charge for creating a curriculum for primary art classes?
Is an artwork which is conserved and retouched worth investing?
Does Azusa Pacific University have a good undergraduate visual arts program?
What is the payscale of a masters in fine arts in India?
What are the features I should have in an 'Art gallery database management project'?
Is there a world's art images database?
How should you prepare yourself to take a fine arts course in college?
Are the paintings from certain painters or art movements easier to fake than the others?
What are the characteristics of Chinese painting?
How many hours went into creating your greatest piece of art?
What are the basic academic qualifications required to do an ART course? Also, suggest a few ART training institutes.
How can I protect my art work?
What is the creepiest piece of artwork?
Is art and love supposed to be painful?
Did NDS games sell mostly because of their cover art rather than content?
Is it too bad if I submitted my still life photography series into fine art category of a photo contest?
I need a name for my art studio my name's Kevin Mulder any ideas?
Could someone show me a piece of extremely offensive contemporary art?
How long do chipboards last and how thick do they come in?
If you had the ability to invent a new branch in any one type of art and revolutionize it, which type of art will you choose?
What are the advantages of pictorial sketching over other types of sketching?
What art technique is like a fusion between drawing and painting?
How does one get to display their work at the Tate Modern gallery?
What is Leonardo Da Vinci's style of art? How did his art influence artist today?
In what way(s) can artistic expression and movements inspire/spur change in a society?
Why is Willem De Kooning's "Interchange" the most expensive painting?
How would you relate Existentialism to a painting/portrait?
What kind of art style is this (digital painting)?
How do I sell my artwork?
Where in Delhi can I find artist-quality watercolors and brushes?
Which are the most beautiful acrylic paintings, and who is the artist?
What are the best examples of Neo-noir art and illustration?
Where do I find contemporary paintings?
I want to become a commissioned artist in Bangalore. Where and what should I start doing?
What is non representational painting? What are some examples?
What was Vincent Van Gogh's main subject matter? How did this play an important role in his art?
How much market / demand is available for paintings or drawings?
What is the difference between contemporary art and industrial revolution art?
How does separation of power promote art 19?
What are examples of variety in art?
What impressionist paintings are found in the Louvre?
What would be the most interesting online training for art students?
Is creating non tangible chalk art (for a festival) non-taxable in California?
Why do artists use unlikely objects to depict their art?
Why don't we have many great paintings featuring laughing figures or is it that I haven't seen them?
What is some interesting artwork before 1400 CE?
Who painted this oil on canvas portrait?
Where can I find portrait artists in Chennai? How much do they charge for their work?
Any famous paintings were introduced in a novel like Munro did in her Runaway?
How did these Freudian ideas manifest themselves in Surrealist art? Give at least one example.
What are some effective ways of painting over mold?
Which tangible art mediums most resembles digital art?
Which of following designs is superior?
Do artists sign their paintings with the same signature they use for legal documents? Or do they have a special artist signature?
Are there any legitimate reasons why someone would use latex paint for art?
Is it wrong to have a very emotional or powerful piece of art in a portfolio when submitting it to a college?
How do I know if my art is sellable?
What kind of a sculptor is Vera Röhm? What does she use to make her art?
Why is art variety good for a culture?
What are some good universities in Europe to get a Fine Arts degree?
Why can't I understand paintings?
Will studying fine arts in an undergraduate school help me broaden my perspective as an interior designer?
What is the first step I need to take to join in fine arts (in painting) after I complete my 12th class?
What defines fine art paintings?
If you could own one piece of famous art in the world, extant or lost, no matter what size, what would it be?
Art: what are good responses to the "I could do that" criticism?
What is future scope in arts?
Can you critique some of my art?
What is the role of an artist? What are the most important skills an artist can have in general? In regards to politics?
How is life like being an artist in NYC?
What is the benefit of volunteering at an art gallery?
How do you understand/admire art?
What are good reasons to buy art reproduction prints?
Is literature a form of art like painting or drawing?
What do curators of brick-and-mortar art galleries think about the proliferation of online indie art galleries?
What skill does a child develop from finger painting?
What good could an art major do in the military?
How is context important in art theory?
What is the meaning of the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton?
What does atmospheric perspective mean in art?
What is your personal favorite splash art from Riot?
Is there any meaning in modern art?
What is Madhubani painting?
Is there a technical theater art course in Unilorin?
Are self taught artists accepted in the art world and how do they become known?
Is art (and aesthetics) science?
What’s the best art by Araki Hirohiko?
How do I know whether or not my art has something to do with me? What if I'm not good enough as an artist to express myself but I still put out art?
How can new self-taught artists approach collectors and/or display their works in art galleries? How does one enter the circle of potential buyers?
This maybe an awkward question but anyway, how important it is to learn about the biographies of artists to have a career in art?
At what point would a piece of art be considered plagiarized?
What was the meaning behind Van Gogh painting "The Scream"?
In art, what is light?
What are some mistakes to avoid when painting or making a collage on wood?
What are the hacks to getting votes on an online art contest?
What are some must see art pieces (paintings etc) in Rome and Florence?
Which stills could you take from the movies and frame as a standalone work of art?
What problems solve fine Arts?
Under what conditions would the arts be more important than the sciences?
Is it possible to draw a line between street art and vandalism?
How can art be valuated?
What art or design exhibition has had the strongest effect on you?
Why do some people say taking a life is an art form?
What are some of the different styles of paintings? How are they used?
Are there any occupations that include both art and science?
To become a painter, is it important to have a fine arts degree?
Is it possible to study fine arts after engineering?
Why is Damien Hirst considered an artist?
Is there another way to make a silicone mold of a figure?
Does art produce knowledge? If yes, can accidental art produce knowledge?
Can two art forms be compared? Can two artists from the same genre be compared to say who is better?
Are there any fine arts certificate programs in portraits available for working individuals in Bangalore area?
Have any Indian artists created art works comparable to those of the Renaissance period?
What Hollywood (and generally, english language) films could be considered art masterpieces?
How do you polish a wax sculpture?
Do painters generally know how to watercolor too?
What does art of looking sideways mean?
How do art schools control the privacy of models in still life drawing, in these days of the internet?
What is the best paint in india?
How can I begin to sell my artwork?
What are some recommend books or resources for artists interested primarily in artistic, rather than commercial, success?
How long did it take Jackson Pollock to finish his paintings?
I’m looking to learn to bind my own books eventually, can anyone provide InDesign specific advice?
Is there any painting which has no colour in it?
Is there a way to prime a canvas witbout gesso for oil painting, and without animal products?
When artists started drawing, were they instantly talented or were they bad?
What is the difference between space division and composition in visual arts?
What materials did Robert Smithson use to elaborate his artworks?
How do you become a better art student/artist?
How did Renaissance art influence the Baroque style?
What according to you is the most useless form of art?
What is the meaning of the painting "Crucufixion" by Salvador Dalí?
Is pornography a form of art?
What type of sculpture is the famous Watts Towers?
Is it possible to get an article published for free in newspapers?
What is the target of applied arts?
Who painted a naked Chris Evans holding the severed head of Donald Trump, with Hillary Clinton clinging to his leg?
Where can I buy the cheap inkjet paper? Non-OEM papers are too expensive
How do I sell a 500k collection of fine paintings if I can't afford to open a gallery?
What are some famous artists in Baroque period? What were their most important paintings?
What is a self taught artist? How are they different from other artist?
What is the relevance of the amorous sculptures in the Surya Mandir of Konark?
Why aren't fine arts important in schools?
Who are some of the best-known printmaker artists?
Why does every painter have a distinct style?
Were many visual artists influenced by their eyesight problem?
What kind of oil paintings are most sold?
What is the best art smudge stick brand?
Which are some best institutes for fine arts or design in India?
In your opinion, what’s the best piece of art?
If you're an artist as your profession and you seriously dedicated your life to any form of art, what is your “ars poetica” in one short sentence?
What is an effective way to improve my skills, as an artist with a full time job and very little time?
Does authenticity in art still matter?
What are the fees to study fine arts at Chembur and learn music?
Whose paintings fetch the highest price today collectively?
What was Picasso's type of art?
I want an oil portrait of my parents to be made from a painter in Kolkata. Could you please name a few artists?
Is acting related to other art forms?
How is sculpting more difficult than painting?
Who made the sculpture of Samudra Manthan at King Suvarnabhumi Airport?
In a modern definition of art, is beauty still as important?
Do perception shifts occur between traditional and digital artwork mediums?
Are extreme forms of art (e.g. avant garde artworks) actually art? And if yes, by what philosophical perspective?
What is your poem about?
How are artworks like this made? Are they digital or real?
What makes the different types of Mexican art so special?
Will I be unpopular among girls if I bluntly tell them I respect artists but art in most forms bores the snot out of me and I tend to avoid it?
What are the examples of best art with paper money?
What are the main characteristics of Italian Baroque art?
How do studio/gallery artists go about hiring models?
What parts of Neil Gaiman's "Make Good Art" speech are helpful for non-artists, and how?
What are the main differences between artists and non-artists?
What is in your opinion the most beautiful artwork on earth?
What do you call a person who loves to do artwork and drawings?
How can I improve my portraits? Also, are they any good?
What is your favorite surrealist painting?
How do you manually manage RBG and CMYK colors in Photoshop to create artwork for both print and digital publishing without losing color quality?
Can a painting be a rendition?
Is it bad to disturb an artist during works in progress?
What is symbolism in the arts? How is it a reaction to naturalism and realism?
What are some paintings you have look at twice before you get them?
In your opinion, Is the nature of art more determined by artist intention, or audience interpretation?
What's the point of making art if there is nobody to share it with?
What art style is this and what technique was used to create it?
What are some affordable art schools for digital illustrations or concept art?
Why aren't there really art movements anymore?
What artistic movement is just pretentious garbage?
Why do artists play the 'expression' card when their art is ugly?
Who from India is well known for painting & drawing mostly beautiful women?
What are some common themes in Deaf art?
My first oil painting is completed, how is it?
What is your favorite Van Gogh quote?
How do I develop an art schedule?
How did Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres implement neoclassical elements into his painting the Grande Odalisque?
What are some artworks that I can study to improve my art?
What can I do if I have a degree in fine art textiles?
What's the best iOS app to sell my art?
Jake Tapper does great cartoons. Does he do other art?
What basic art theory should every artist know?
What were some causes of the artistic boom?
What is the best way to get my 2D art into an art show without being 'voted' in?
What are some of the most famous expressionist artworks?
What is the admission fees for Art in Paradise pattaya?
How do you clean your brushes after painting with enamel paints?
What are some of the biggest mistakes that artists (painters, sketchers, sculptors, etc.) make?
Why are Frederick D. Ogden paintings considered works of art, and what are things that set them apart from other painter's art?
What do you think about a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting selling for $110.5 million at an auction?
How can I find a painting collector who would buy my painting?
Can I find the meaning of life through the study of art?
I want to buy a drawing / painting for my room. Which painting would you recommend?
What makes something a work of art?
What packing material would be best for small, painted sculptures?
“Art is I; science is we” (Claude Bernard). What is your opinion about which has done more to unify societies, science or art?
How can I attach two clay pieces together so they turn into one piece?
Art imitates life or vice versa? What are your thoughts?
Can you suggest how my paintings are?
What can I do to get more exposure with my artworks?
Is it true that immigration makes a county flourish in art and culture as well as overall human development?
At what point does my art stop looking like piles of garbage?
What is Pablo Picasso style of art? What makes his art unique?
Why do people buy weird modern art to hang on office walls? Here are two examples of what I’m talking about. These only make me feel disturbed.
What is faceting in art and how do artists use it in their paintings?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Venus sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
I need to add some paintings to my room. Any suggestions if I can order one online?
What does an art holiday mean?
How do you make line art on paper?
What's the most important art form of the 20th Century?
How did impressionism influence modern art?
Should I pursue art or not?
What are some specific qualities of post-impressionist artworks? What are some examples?
What is the relationship between Ancient Chinese Painting and Arab (and Persian, Central Asian) Painting?
What is something that was not considered art before, but now is?
How do I make a 3D painting on paper?
Who are some famous and successful bollowed artist in the west?
Do you think that the answer "Any art once was modern art." should be collapsed if the question is "What do you think about modern art?"?
Which are the most infamous paintings by famous artists hiding dark secrets?
What was the first textbook of art appreciation?
Which countries value plastic art the most?
Are you into old-school art?
What are some of the best programs from The Art of Living?
What did the Uffizi Gallery originally serve as?
What does the Panagia Portaitissa painting represent?
What kind of artwork could go with Patrick Nagel art in a 1980s single adult male's bedroom?
How many subjects must be opted for an undergraduate degree in arts?
How can the dominance art style be explained?
How much can you earn selling art on a market stall?
Why is the Quora icon for fine art a nude lady?
What is kantha art?
How can I get rid of art talent?
I keep making the same mistakes in my drawings. How do I overcome this?
What benefits do artists receive from drawing the nude figure?
What should be the price range for sketch commission of fanarts and art prints?
Do you think children must learn folk art and craft in schools?
Which is the world's best digital art ever?
What are the 3 types of art? What are some characteristics of each?
Which one is better option graphic engineering or fine art?
What is the meaning behind Frida Kahlo's "Little Deer" painting?
Could there be such a thing as 'inanimate' intelligence? The sunset was pure art this evening.
How would you define, categorize, or otherwise classify this type of photography?
What is post-modern art?
How can you differentiate among various forms of art, such as impressionism, surrealism, etc.?
What do you think about using museums and art gallery for educational purpose?
Is it hard to make line art?
Where can I found professional consultation for any painting project in Sydney?
Can you critic/advise my art work?
How can art improve a business?
Is it acceptable to copy other artist's work in order to improve my own?
How do I start a blog about my paintings?
What are the fundamentals of art and how do I go about learning them?
What are some art jargons?
What is the average price of fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
What is your favorite way to get ready to create art?
Should studying a fine arts major/minor stop me from going to a research college like OSU?
Where can I find investors who are interested in drawing and application development?
What is form in art?
Why is Art more popular than Science?
Have any artistic mediums actually come to an end or been completely explored?
What are some famous pieces that don't deserve to be in modern art museum?
What are the speciality of modern art or the techniques like drip or Dada painting to sold in such a high price?
Is there an example of a painting with a frame that is more valuable than the painting itself?
Who is the only painter in the world who paints on water and is alive now?
Are original handmade lithographs as good as paintings?
How do we know if something is an "Art"?
What is it like to be an artist with a photographic memory?
Does silicone caulking have poor longevity/archival quality as a scultpure or painting material?
Do Japanese schools value art education?
How seriously do mainstream art critics take the art of Sri Chinmoy?
What was the painting style of Picasso?
What is medieval art? What did it focus on?
What do you think about my sixth fine art artwork - a drawing that I'm posting here (see at the link below)?
What are some ideas for a transformation art project?
If my passions are art, music, photography and film, what should I do?
To what extent can art be considered an efficient way to convey a message?
Where can I get the best painter in Australia?
Who are some of the famous female painters of the 1930s?
What kind of wall art do American people like?
Do you think that peoples' interest on art is fading away?
Is abstract art an excuse for bad art?
What is the best all time medium to making art?
What does "line" mean in art terms? What are some examples?
How do I make wrinkles(cheek pores and minute details) in my graphite portrait, as it increases the realism and takes the work to the next level?
Would you post your asymmetrical paintings?
If I make a drawing of an iconic photograph, but change the perspective and certain details, could my artwork be considered as plagiarism?
Why aren't there any classical painters?
Is there a connection between VFX and fine arts?
What is my painting worth?
How do I buy art?
What should I paint if I want to sell my art?
Isn't it difficult to give away your most beautiful paintings?
What is the worst example of "modern art"?
How do I interest a gallery in showing our artwork?
What is the essential to start in the business of buying and selling art "paintings"?
Can anything be art if we accept modern art?
I'm going to study Fine arts in Taiwan. What should I choose between Yuan Ze University and National Taiwan Normal University?
Could a neural network generate a painting superior to the Mona Lisa?
Where can I order unique Sculpture?
Do you wish to be a good artist?
What is so different about B. Mitchell's art?
Do people buy portrait paintings?
Does time move in art?
Why do you think Leon Bing so enjoyed touching her tongue for a moment to a masterpiece painting in a Paris museum?
What are some of the good platforms for an artist/painter to become renowned in India?
What inspires you as an artist?
Would it be possible to become a painter in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
What's the best way to start an art gallery specialized in pop and contemporary art?
Are there any fillers I can use with concrete to make it lighter?
Is it possible to make Bob Ross paintings with acrylics on a dry canvas?
What makes Jackson Pollock art so valuable?
Is art only art once it has been recognized?
How can I ask a producer for the vocals of one of his songs?
What is the art form of artists like Artgerm and Sakimichan called?
What are examples of impalement arts?
Why is it that the most appreciated art these days are images of faces or women's naked bodies regardless of whether the art is good or not?
How did Surrealism affect politics?
How does psychiatric misdiagnosis impact art?
Why is l'art brut so unique?
What is the art from Joe MacMillan's wall?
What are the secret messages behind the paintings?
How can the Baroque style of art be described?
What is the difference between constructivist and suprematist art?
Which is more artistic, asking or answering?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen a child draw?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Hyderabad?
My city doesn't have good school of Arts. What are some places which are good for Arts?
What is the deal with modern art? I really don’t understand why they are priced so high.
Do you consider that rock art can be assumed as beautiful?
How do you determine the price of prints of an original oil painting?
Where can I find good reference photos for art?
Does looking at good art make you feel like a failure as an artist?
Where does the art of stone stacking come from?
Have you ever had goosebumps after seeing images/paintings/pictures?
What are the benefits of taking fine arts classes in high school?
Which are your best paintings?
What is the best way for an Arts graduate Pakistani to make the both ends meet in livelihood?
What are the three subschools of the Rajasthani school of miniature painting?
How do modern day flamethrowers learn the art?
Who is art expert in Quora?
What are some ugly sculptures?
How should I quickly identify a western art painting's genre?
What are the different types of mediums used in art?
What happens to me if I accidentally destroyed the Mona Lisa painting?
Who were the best painters?
What are your top 5 paintings? Why?
Is art worth dying for?
Should I submit a recording of my music to MIT or Stanford Slideroom if it isn't considered fine art?
What do you do when your art is bad but it's not improving?
How can I learn to make my own website catering to people selling art and people looking to buy art?
How do STEM and the arts complement one another?
How can I animate without a digital art pad?
I'm intimidated by going into an art gallery but I am so intrigued. How do I 'browse' in such a place without intense scrutiny by the owner?
Is design an art?
Why is art viewing considered to be an intelligent hobby?
Is a museum the best place to see and appreciate art?
As a photographer, what do you do mostly? Weddings, baby, family or animals, or maybe fine art still life?
What’s the importance of Jackson Pollock’s paintings?
What are some art pieces today that look like from the Renaissance Era?
How much should an art advisor who is new to art market but has excellent knowledge about market charge the client?
How do I become an art teacher in Las Vegas?
How did Picasso started selling his work in Paris without knowing French?
What are your most beautiful pieces of art?
How and why are artists valuable?
What are examples of utilitarianism in society?
What is the meaning of typological variations in the context of ajanta paintings?
What are the top 10 best paintings in Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Are there other painters on this site?
What are your thoughts on South African artist Ayanda Mabulu's painting of Mandela & Zuma?
Should I choose science, ICT, or art?
What's the price on painting on movie the accountant?
What kind of art is on pinterest?
Can I create art out of used maxi pads?
Is film making an art or commerce?
Do you prefer local art or prestigious art?
When does art become wrong? When does it cross the border between art and dangerous?
What is the most beautiful painting or art you have ever seen?
What are some examples of comics with non-conventional art styles?
How much do Hitler's paintings sell for?
Why should I choose Indian paintings?
Would this painting technique be safer on watercolor or bristol board paper as opposed to a primed canvas?
Can I make a career as a Mehendi artist in Bengaluru?
How do you draw watercolor painting on digital art?
Why is postmodern/conceptual art so respected in the art world, when it is so devoid of talent and meaning?
What options do I have as an art dealer/gallery owner to manage my business so it reflects the principles of the Commons Movement?
What are the main costs to organize an art exhibition?
Where should I focus on while writing a review about an art festival?
What is conceptual landscape painting?
How do you start up with an art journal?
How hard is GRE for an art student?
Where can I get professional painting experience in North Sydney?
Should art not be explanatory?
How do I make a wire sculpture?
What are important things to know when opening an art gallery?
How can I make my own app to sell my paintings?
What is the future of Southeast Asia art industry?
What are interesting online communities for fine art photography?
Which is the website where I can show and sell my art work for free?
Is it OK to consume art from a morally questionable artist?
How do I get a dual degree in computer science and fine arts?
What are the best ideas for wall paints in Dance Academy?
Do you think art classes are necessary?
What is the name of this painting, depicting the dispersion of white light phenomenon?
What would one miss skipping over Season 2 of The Wire?
Is Cubism realist art or modernist?
What was the inspiration behind Fred Grayson Sayre's work? How was he affected by it?
Does Patna University offer a master’s course in fine arts?
What are the best illusion paintings for a sports banner?
Does mathematical art have a future outside architecture?
What are the best universities for art history?
How do I find myself (job) if I have some interest in literature, movie and generally in art?
Art Historians: What literature on Albrecht Dürer's Adam and Eve (in English or German) would you recommend?
What does an art broker do?
Why do some male artists like having ponytails?
Would AP Studio art be a good class to take if I want to get into graphic design/art direction?
Is politics science or art? Or science and art both?
Where can I get a dope contemporary artwork online without stressing myself?
What are the best fine arts colleges in Punjab?
Can we sell physical paintings on Facebook?
What is the difference between the concept of beauty during classical era and renaissance period in terms of art?
How can somebody understand visual arts?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Bonifacio Monument sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
Why does art that is just one color with a line through it sell for millions?
If art imitates life, what if life imitates art? Could JFK be the “reverse psychology” of Alice in Wonderland?
What are some unique ways to show off photography?
How has the traditional function of the grotesque, in Art, changed in postmodernity?
Is it fair to pay fine if missed a day at college?
What other artwork goes with Patrick Nagel’s art in a 1980s grown-up bedroom?
Is art important in education?
What are the best Albert Namatjira artworks?
What are the best wall arts for houses?
Where is the line between inspiring and stealing?
Why do so many Western artists inherently illustrate Europeans in the modern paintings of precolonial North and West African civilizations?
How do I, at 13 years old, become an amazing artist?
Which is the best institute for fine art evaluater course in the world?
Which piece of art would be considered the ‘Mona Lisa’ of your country?
What body painting expos, if any, are popular?
Is there any good art classes in Chennai for adults?
Do wealthier cities invest in art more?
How do I sell my paintings on Amazon?
What is social commentary in art and what are some examples?
Do I have to paint the sides of a canvas while doing oil painting?
Do people still paint Fine Art or does everyone just showcase Paint Spills nowadays?
What are the various mediums which I can sell my paintings?
What are the multiple types visual arts?
Why is it believed that life imitates art?
What is the most thought provoking piece of art you have ever seen?
What are disadvantages of doing non-representational art?
Where do I find cheap paper to print artwork on?
What have been the most notable artistic representations of philosophy across centuries?
When is Art sexy and sensual?
What are some different types of artistic agencies in and around Maharashtra?
What are the cliches in the criticism of contemporary art?
Is there any arts section in school?
What is Isaac Maimon's best work and why?
How hard is it to make Zootopia fan art?
How can someone be so ignorant about Pixel Art and think it's not real art or something?
With two-dimensional media such as painting and drawing, should mass be implied? How does one imply mass in drawings and paintings?
Can I join NTRO if I have completed my graduation in Art?
How does one start creating artwork?
How do great artists and architects cope with the fact that their creations will not last forever?
What can we learn from paintings?
Where can I get most luxurious look for domestic painting in Paddington?
My daughter is good in drawing and painting, what kind of career can she choose?
Why do the concept artworks always look better than the actual products?
Was Hitler's art work good?
Is there a database with every painting from the Renaissance? Is there one, for example, with a link to the image of the painting itself, the painter, the year it was made, etc.?
What are some famous visual artists?
How does cinema influence your work as a painter?
Do many people understand abstract art and know the best living artists?
What is the name of this painting, for school?
What are some of the upcoming art exhibitions for amateur artists in Chennai?
Can I use cabinet varnish in my paintings?
Do you know a minimalist painter who singns his paintings 'luce'?
Are there any books where sketches of buildings in traditional Chinese style were painted in phases?
What is a good analysis of the painting "Oath of the Horatii" by Jacques-Louis David?
Is it true that Indian history has been painted by Sanskrit or braham paint?
Which is a good place for a virtual art foundation course in Canada, VFS or Sheridan College?
Is Krita a good painting freeware?
Is there a good website where I can post artwork besides Deviantart?
Which is the best publication for art history and art theory?
As an artist what lengths did you go to finish a painting that eluded you?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
Which optional subject is better, fine arts or music?
Do you like painting or drawing?
What is the name of the artist who painted this painting?
Where do I learn Mural painting in Bangalore?
Can you do anything in art (like environmental or fashion design) with just a BFA in Studio art?
How would I do my own pop art and take it to a new level?
How about selling art in paintcollar.com? Are they really paying us?
Should I pursue technical fields instead of humanities and art?
What's the funniest art that you've ever seen?
What should I give name to my painting?
What are the greatest works of art funded through the National Endowment for the Arts?
What painting technique/material was typically used in most ads from the 50's and/or 80's?
Which piece of art can I buy on eBay for less than $100,000 that will raise my status the most?
Where can I get nice contemporary artworks?
What is the difference between painting and sculpture?
How do artists express their emotions through art?
What are the painting techniques of neoclassicism?
What do you think about my second fine art artwork (an oil painting) from the Ennio Morricone series that I’m posting here?
Who would win in a drawing competition? A painter or an architect?
What are some very specialized arts that are overlooked in the media?
Which paintings are hosted on Wikipedia as extremely high-resolution images (>100 MP)?
Someone tell me what specific art style Ikimaru and Elentori's art are?
Why are art classes given less importance?
How can I be a great lecturer and master the art of speaking?
How can I get fine arts MSU Baroda entrance exam paper?
Do sketching relieves frustration and help you out with emotions? How do you feel after finishing your artwork?
What all things should I include to prepare an art gallery brochure?
When did you go from aspiring artist to artist?
Why is anarchy so attractive in art and culture?
What does Post-Impressionist and Impressionist mean? (painting stuff). Can anyone explain these words better
Why, in Norway, must public properties exceeding a certain cost have artwork?
What does a painter feel and think when they paint?
What are some famous paintings that feature oranges?
Starting from a premise that paper provides the best feel for drawing, what is the best interface for digitizing art?
What was the modernist art movement known as Soviet Constructivism, and what was its influence on Strike (Sergei Eisenstein, 1925)?
How do you frame a painting?
How do you make seapunk art?
How much should I sell a 6x4 foot canvas painting for?
For the artists, is Artstation, Instagram or DeviantArt better? What do you prefer, and what are the advantages of each?
What is about "World painted blood" by Slayer?
What makes a still-life painting a masterpiece?
What's the best strategy to identify a market for your art?
What are the best art museums in Kolkata, India?
What is one thing art students and artists can do to strengthen their art skills dramatically?
What's it like for an artist with amnesia to see/hear their own work for the first time?
How do I draw a real picture in painting?
How is mass implied in art?
What is the size of AADHAR databases?
How can art and science meet?
Who described architecture as a social art and why does he/she describe it as an art?
Is it worth to sign up to art therapy for beginners course at Udemy?
How do I find the artist of the antique paintings?
Which artists were once very highly regarded but are now considered unimpressive? Why did the change occur?
If there is a platform for artists, what should it have?
What's Leonardo Da Vinci's message in his drawing of five grotesque heads?
Do you think it’s good to put your paintings on Instagram?
What are the most interesting pieces of art about WW2?
How common is it for successful artists to start with a specific idea for a piece, and then come up with the concept/meaning afterwards?
Is there a modern movement in art similar to Dada?
Why did so many great artists live tumultuous lives?
How should I find my purpose in life considering I'm already in an arts high school, but I don't enjoy arts so much?
What is the best way to scan line artwork for publication?
What is the essence of art?
What are the elements of artistic expression?
Do professional artists love art as much as they did before pursuing art as a career?
What influence does an artist’s character have on how we see their art?
What percentage of art is in galleries?
What are some installation arts that is strongly interactive with its audiences?
Do you have any tips on lanscape painting (watercolours)?
Why are the mirror room art displays so popular?
How do I find people to buy my art?
What is the status of Buddhist art and architecture in the present day at a global level?
How should I classify my photography of outdoor statue/sculpture in my portfolio?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Where can I get top quality results and beautiful finishes in Brisbane for any painting work?
Are America's greatest cultural achievements in film and music rather than literature and art?
Where can I get more information about the Sybil paintings?
Does Malaysia not focus on art?
What is contemporary abstract art?
What are the materials required for drywall art sculpture?
Is Anish Kapoor's massive sculpture "Marsyas" on display anywhere?
How do manga artists draw if they have different styles?
What are the types of painting?
What is the coolest artwork you have done?
How much can a person earn by drawing paintings in India?
Does censorship kill the aesthetics of art?
Which art museums have released digitized versions of their archives?
What does the additive process of sculpture include?
Why are actresses called demimondaines in the Victorian era? I thought it's connected to crime. What about “la Bohème” in English and starving artists?
How am I supposed to improve in art?
I have a marketable piece of artwork that I would like to license out for royalties. What is the best way to find a licensee?
Is there a reliable source online that evaluates the importance and relevance of art fairs all over the world?
How can I start to sell paintings at a higher price? My current prices average from $500-$900?
What are some of the best paintings of Buddha?
Why is ballet an important type of art?
How do you interpret something as abstract as a Picasso painting?
My graduation academic gown is solid dark blue colored. Would white heels go with it?
What does "One cannot escape the world more certainly than through art, and one cannot bind oneself to it more certainly than through art" mean?
How does Jose Parla compare with Jackson Pollock in terms of abstract expressionism?
What are the different themes an Ib visual art student can choose?
Is it wrong to start painting abstract paintings instead of realistic paintings?
When, how, what and why did sculptures happen?
Do you think that all art just expresses an idea?
Which is the best, the arts or engineering?
Where can I find photographs to use as basis for art painting?
What piece of art are you most proud of?
What and why would be the biggest problem of the world in different domains ? (Domain: scientists, Art, music, sport technology, business, health etc.)
Is it weird to be turned on by Baroque paintings?
What proportion of human art models in Renaissance art were either dead, sex workers, or dead sex workers?
Why does Germany have such a rich culture of music, literature and art?
Why is music so popular compared to other forms of art?
Who was the best Baroque painter from Nothern Europe: Rubens or Rembrandt?
Should we change the way Art is graded in college?
What is the best way to sign a psychedelic painting?
In which period did Mughal art progress?
Which painting is this of a canoe and strange clown under the dock?
How do you like the canvas art?
How does morality affects art?
What are some tips for painting oranges?
In what period of life has your interest in art been the strongest or the most determinative?
Are Printful posters’ quality good enough for Fine Arts Giclée reproductions of oil paintings?
What are some art-related jobs?
What do junior artists feel when they have to work with Tusshar Kapoor?
What could be the possible words related to art as well as photography?
What other wall art goes with art prints of dandelions?
Are there any animals that create art, outside of dancing?
What is the most moving piece of street art you have come across?
What is 2D art?
What art style does this image at Google Image Result for http://www.fromupnorth.com/wp-content/uploads/design/676/44907/0/52d8e25565907.jpg represent?
What are some techniques used to draw psychedelic art?
Why are Monet's famous landscape paintings so expensive?
What are some of the most recognizable paintings?
Do art galleries do better in cities or upper class suburbs?
What's the status of Fine art market in India?
Can you study architecture and art at the same time?
What is the most famous painting of Matisse?
What are some good and easy Spanish paintings I can draw for an art project?
Are/were there any collectors of African-American art in Peru?
Should the Elgin Marbles be returned to Greece?
What type of images are common in Celtic artwork?
How has MF Hussain contributed to the field of art?
What artwork have you bought?
What is your favourite modern art and why?
Why is art an accepted profession when it doesn't do anything greater for society?
What are some recurring themes that are very common in Western arts and cinema but very uncommon in Chinese arts, or vice versa?
Which Dutch painters hide their initials within their paintings?
What is Gordon Miller's favorite Van Gogh painting?
Where are the art galleries in Hyderabad?
How would one go about in developing a taste for art?
Why are canvas paintings by famous artists so irrationally priced?
What is the story behind Vincent Van Gogh's ear?
What is your favorite piece of public art in Philadelphia? Why?
What are the best ways to sell fine art (purchased from a gallery)?
What is the source of the name "Unit 1" (an art movement established by Paul Nash)?
What are some good websites and books to learn about artists and art styles etc?
How does copying existing art improve your own art?
Is physics the same as art?
What kind of people buy Surrealist paintings and what is the best way to reach out to them?
How can I buy Angela Dufresne paintings from 2011-14? No works are for sale in any gallery I can find. Is there any way to locate owners?
What is your favorite historical pieces of art?
Is there a relationship between the great spy of the 15th century Giuliano de Bartolomeo del Giocondo and the famous painting La Gioconda?
In art, what are the different types of transitions?
How can you make everything push you to your home (infinite presence)?
Does anyone has first hand experience about Dhokra craft-work? Can you explain the small details associated with it?
How much can a sculptor earn in India? Will being a sculpture artist as a career be good for me?
What abstract artists use mathematical proofs in their art?
How can I get to the next level and sell more art online?
How can I get feedback on my first painting?
How is it to do a master’s in art conservation after architecture?
How can I become a great artist?
Have you ever acquired art at the fairs such as The Armory Show or Frieze art fair?
Who are some of the best objective artists working today?
What makes an artist remarkable?
How can I learn to think about art the way that great art critics do?
Is mathematics more of an art than a science?
What is the cubist painting in Countess Told’s residence in the film Dr. Mabuse, the Gambler?
How do you call the protective cover you use for carrying paintings?
Can we do a crash course in fine arts?
Where and how do I learn sign painting?
What are the fees in Fine Arts, Chembur for music classes?
What's important when painting a portrait?
How can I write a good art evaluation?
Why are so many famous 80s artists from England?
Who paints by channeling?
When did Paris become the center of art in Europe?
Can I use my painting art skills in AR and VR for context creation?
How were the eight principles of art created?
Is there a name for the style of art in which vivid colors are used where you wouldn't normally expect them?
How can I make my career in painting?
How do you sell an old oil painting? Would the buyer send his own verifier if I have a Jean-Honoré Fragonard oil painting?
How has technology changed human art making?
Have Indians on Quora ever noticed that Picasso has a number of Ardhanari depictions in his renowned paintings?
Why is the picture of Mona Lisa so controversial?
How do I sell my art (online and offline)?
Is it unrealistic for a woman to have been hired as a courtroom sketch artist in 1950s Canada?
Is it true that fine art graduate tend be to less successful than those who take other art major such as graphic design, illustration, animation, etc?
How can I get funds to continue painting and help myself to survive?
Why do lowered heads look strange in pre-Rennaissance art?
What are the some of the useful online sources one should follow to become a great artist?
What is painting?
How 3D art are formed in our mind?
How can I become a CGI artist?
Does curioos.com allow selling art prints on other platforms as well?
How can I be more abstract in my art and less controlled?
Did Velázquez try to avoid painting?
What are the borders of Art?
How popular is Impressionism in art and how did it become popularized?
Do art connoisseurs and art critics need to be good artists themselves to be taken seriously?
How do I make a wall art with pencil?
If van Goyen painted tulips before the crash and after, which ones would (or are, if he did) worth more and why do you think that is the case?
Can I make a living through my art?
How do you motivate yourself to draw or make some kind of art everyday?
Why is Guernica monochromatic?
How do I take my art to the next level?
What can art not express?
What are different styles of Rajasthani Painting?
When and why did art become subjective in interpretation?
What is the famous painting in worldwide?
What is a 2D sculpture used for?
When a painter draws a random face portrait, does he instinctively put his features in the portrait, resulting in the final picture resembling the painter?
Why is contemporary art so degenerate?
What are some famous silhouette artists?
What are some examples of public art created with nanotechnology?
Should an undiscovered artist with a unique style post their paintings on the internet, or reserve them for gallery-eyes only?
Why we need to varnish paintings?
Who is a better artist Goldlink or Tory Lanez?
What is an artist who draws what they see called?
How long does it take you to draw fancy and complicated digital art?
Why does the Mona Lisa have different horizons?
Will Bo Bartlett be considered a great artist?
Can glass be used to make swarovski-like sculptures like those shown in the pictures?
What are the examples of principles of art?
How can paintings be priceless?
What is the professional responsibility of an Applied artist?
What are the features of Romanticism art?
What do positive and negative spaces represent in art?
Why are terrible, boring art pieces done by famous people worth so much while beautiful pieces done by amateurs are worthless?
What kind of art print would complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?
Can anyone learn how to paint with watercolor? Or do I have to be a true artist?
Should I get stoned and go to the art museum?
Is the American Academy of Art a good school?
What is the value of the Mona Lisa painting?
How can you appreciate mediocre art?
Are there any gods in the sculpture?
Which is the best art college in Indore?
Can an art piece which was done with cheap materials turn into an expensive one?
Is architecture a form of visual art?
I took lots of pictures on my phone. Is there a service where I can print them to hang as wall art?
How would one theoretically steal a painting from a museum like the Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Did you ever spend USD 5000 plus on the work of art? What made you comfortable spending this amount?
Who is the greatest solo artist ever?
What are the best colleges for a Fine Art major in NYC?
What do you call this type of surrealistic art?
Should you split in two brands if you try to balance commercial and fine art photography?
What is the best way to approach a reputable gallery?
What are the best contemporary painting that made the world like?
In what ways can you describe art?
Why do we need to learn art?
Is there a group for fine art in Bhopal?
Why are certain painting's referred to as 'waifs'?
What is the relationship between architecture and art in Daniel Libeskinds Jewish museum (Berlin)?
How do you scale drawings in DraftSight?
How did the Company School of painting influence modern Indian art?
Is it better to paint with plaster on wood panel or canvas. Which among the two is likely to have the least of problems down the road?
Where can I contribute my art skills and get paid?
Can you get a good quality art reproduction print from a sRGB file?
What are the characteristics of art house movies?
Where can I find a list of the world's best abstract paintings?
What does mathematics mean in bachelor of art?
How do I find an art licensor?
How would you rate the importance vs. the difficulty (also rarity) and intensity of experience for the value in art?
What is the difference between a faux canvas and gallery wrapped canvas?
Are prints considered fine art or graphic arts?
Where can I buy a copy of the original Indian Constitution (with paintings) as shown in the link in description?
Why is there a skull in "The Ambassadors" painting by Hans Holbein the Younger?
What do you think of my artwork?
How do paintings become so valuable?
What material should I use to make a light sculpture?
Where can I find some adult hand painting kits in UK?
Did you pursue a career in visual arts only to realize that you don't enjoy it in spite of being skilled at it?
What do you think of Comme des Garcons mastermind Rei Kawakubo?
What are some of less mainstream kinds of culture (besides singing, dancing and painting)?
How can someone learn digital art?
Why haven't photos replaced paintings?
Which are the best online art galleries where I can sell my art (paintings)?
Where can I learn to paint on the internet?
What are some examples for 'useless' modern arts?
Is love an art?
How much does Cupick and Paintcollar-like marketplace pay artists? And is an artist independent to showcase his art on other marketplaces?
What are the feminine artist groups? Can you explain using examples?
What art piece(s) reflects 21st century the best?
What do you think about Illustration at Ringling College of Art and Design?
I have made many canvas paintings. How can I sell them?
How many fine arts are there?
Can a person buy a treasure such as the Mona Lisa just to destroy it? Has anyone done something like that? Who today would? How would the world react?
What's the difference between successful modern painters and average unknown ones?
Which artist’s signature is this on an oil painting?
How do you get better at art if your current art is terrible?
How much should I sell my art for, headshots and full body? I use copics and middle-quality paper, if that helps.
What can a non-artist do to persist in learning basic techniques despite not enjoying the process as artists do?
How can I draw Modigliani portraits?
What is InkTober?
When should you and should you not stick by the rules of an art style (e.g., photography) to create something new and amazing?
Why was Leonardo so attached to a particular work of art, the Mona Lisa?
Did Denisovans create sculpture, art or music?
Is the visual arts market valued on bubbles?
What are some of the famous contemporary paintings?
What are the qualities of a good painting and photography?
I work from my laptop as an artist and make a decently stable income from various artistic endeavors. How might I apply for a visa in Japan?
Are art galleries in India owned by a businessman?
What can be done to preserve and promote tribal art forms?
What is the best job option after doing graduation in fine arts?
Does the White House really have a Monet painting?
How does painters/artists appreciate/assess the quality of art of another?
How did the 6.2 magnitude earthquake cause so much damage in Italy?
Isn’t civil engineering physics turned into art?
Are the bidding and final pricing for fine art manipulated by dealers at auction houses like Christie's, Sotheby's, Bonhams & Doyle?
What are the major characteristics of Islamic paintings?
What was William Lethaby's contribution in art education?
What are the different types of ancient arts and crafts of India having significant economical significance ?
Is there a sculpture that fascinates you?
What position does art have in politics? How do politicians regard and deal with art?
What is a great image, photo, or painting depicting the madness and idiocy of us humans?
Which artist do you like? Why?
Is there an artist who only paints for comics?
How has the internet impacted the art world?
How is Michiyo Akaishi's art style?
Why are there no human "portraits" in the paleolithic cave paintings in France or Spain?
These are some paintings from Dekunobu Kizakura. What do you think of them?
In India, where can I sell old heritage paintings?
Do you have a scientific explanation of that photo?
What does"boheme" mean in English? I thought it means artists who usually starved. Were female artists respectable?
Have there been studies pertaining to the differences in visual perception and spatial recognition (colors, shapes, perspective) between visual artists (drawing, painting sculpture, photography) and those without these "gifts"?
Regarding iconoclasm in art, which is worse, annihilation or partial destruction?
Why do people buy worthless art?
What would be the best subjects for realistic art?
What can you learn from western paintings?
Has there been devolution in art or does anyone actually think that art has improved since the Belle Epoque or even the Renaissance? How and why?
Where can we see Ousmane Sow sculptures?
I have written permission from an artist to reproduce prints of their work. Do I need anything else for legal purposes?
What are some good found objects for painting on?
How does one buy good quality posters of fine art work in the U.S.?
Is impermanent art more meaningful?
What are good ways to learn about serious art collecting?
How is 3D used in art?
How can I know the value and the painter of a painting?
What is ephemeral art? How is it made and what are some examples?
What do you do when art stops pouring out of you?
I am a young Artist (17 yrs). How can I sell my Art?
What inspires Chidi Okoye's paintings?
Can this way be teaching me how to draw art?
What caused impressionism to end?
What are the different contexts of art?
What are the newest form of art that your have seen/heard?
How do I make money creating and selling concrete sculptures?
Where can I sell my cycling related art on the internet?
What is some information about auditions for movies for someone who wants to become a child artist?
What are the characteristics of Antonio Berni's paintings?
What are some exercises to improve drawing speed?
Can anyone identify this portrait or know who may have painted it?
How do I make an interesting painting?
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen and artisans to the realm of fine art?
Is there a name for this style or subject in thangka painting? (https://i.imgur.com/LcdBHwc.jpg)
What artist painted this?
What hobbies don't involve art?
Who is the most multi-talented artist alive?
Why do people buy paintings for unbelievably huge amounts of money?
What does it mean to ask how art is organized?
How do I pursue painting as a career without having art as a subject in Class 12, in India?
Where is Salvador Dali's painting Le Sommeil?
How is math used in art?
Which one is important, either art or science, and why?
Why should we integrate math and art?
What is the role of the artist in artistic practice?
How is logistics an art? Why would you consider it a science?
Who is the artist responsible for an image consisting of a group of red circles and a black dot, quoting James Baldwin?
What were the most revolutionary art movements?
Should I become an artist? Attached is a painting I did last year at age 15.
How many youngsters really take painting as a profession?
What are some characteristics of Picasso's most famous portraits?
Is there an online platform to display my art skills?
How can I measure visual appeal of photograph, picture, painting or a social content?
How can you describe the Mona Lisa?
Can I learn to draw Outside Environments in three months?
Can anything be considered a fact in the Arts?
Can I resell a famous painting if I painted it myself?
Can art bring people closer to reality?
Are there any tips for silky looking shading when using graphite?
Who is hot in the New York art scene right now?
Why are certain artists like Picasso, Monet, and Van Gogh world famous while other artists that produce amazing works of art today go unnoticed?
What is David Hockney referring to in his artwork when he paints "My brother was only 17"?
Is teaching considered as an art?
What are the forms, styles, and techniques of modern art?
Where is the painting exhibition in Hyderabad?
Could making a collection of artwork based on my disability be considered too self absorbed?
What is life like at Jamia Millia Islamia for Fine Arts Students?
Is it possible to create visual art if you are not able to empathise?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Ahmedabad?
What's so great about Philip Guston?
What are some characteristics in Saron's paintings?
How long does it takes for Kazuo Oga to finish one background painting?
What is the difference between a pro and an amateur artist?
Are there any courses available for a 15 year old in fine arts in Kashmir university?
How are art and new technology connected?
What is difference between paint varnish enamel and lacquers?
Can I pursue a master’s in multimedia arts after my degree in electrical engineering ?
What are some best apps that oil paint beautifully?
How do I become a foley artist?
What is the best school for art education?
Can you critique my painting?
If you can't learn to create better art intellectually, why do I feel like this is happening?
What was the most depressing painting you have ever seen?
Which kind of paper do I choose for watercolor painting?
What are some paintings whose meanings are yet a mystery?
Who decides what is considered (an) art?
Why does Egyptian art seem alien whereas Greek/Roman art and architecture seem familiar?
What are the good books on modern sculpture?
What’s the difference between the Chinese and Japanese art painting?
What do artists mean by "wrapped canvas"?
Was Van Gogh unlucky in life?
Which colleges are the best for fine arts in Hyderabad?
Why is African art considered primitive?
Which is the best painting institution in Jammu?
I want to create art but I'm too lazy to always work hard on my ideas. Can my art still be good, even if I don't put everything I have into it?
Wat are some best paintings?
Why do you think Fine Arts is still considered a hobby and not a profession in India?
How do I wash brushes used for oil painting?
Should I study FINE ART abroad or should I just study it in my own country (vietnam)?
Would a series on art around Melbourne be a valuable addition to my blog?
How is it possible to turn yourself a good painter once again if you have just lost touch when growing up and specially when you had a deep interest in painting and drawing in the childhood, moreover if you were a great painter in those days?
Do any of the existentialist philosophers relate to "Landscape with the fall of Icarus" painting?
Why do I have a hard time fully commiting to my art?
Could everyone create art if everyone just understood what art is? Does understanding art make you an artist?
What are some examples of simple paintings done by famous artists?
I ordered a new painting online that arrived with cracks and paint flaking off. Was it improperly sealed and am I entitled a refund?
Where can I find large collections of art images from large museums?
What great art is currently as unwanted as Pre-Raphaelite art was in the 1960s-80s?
What is a prime example of art from the Hellenistic era?
What are some of the mind blowing hidden secrets about Mona Lisa painting?
What does the exploding clock in Salvador Dali's painting "The Persistence of Memory" represent?
What if life really did start imitating modern art?
What's the difference between bribe and fine?
Is photo reference in art cheating?
How long did it take for you to land your first job after graduating college?
Were there any smiles (with teeth) in painting history?
What piece of art brought you an unexpected emotion or deeper understanding, and why?
I have run a new online art community, I would love to feature some of the local artist, do I have to ask for their permission?
What is represented in Francisco de Goya's "The Colossus" painting?
What's the origin of William James's quote, “The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook”?
Can anything done by a human being be considered art?
Which fine art stream is best in India for stable future and good income?
Why isn't brown used much in abstract paintings?
What are some great examples of postcolonial art forms?
How can I learn to draw and paint?
What is a technical definition of an artwork which is dull, boring or lifeless?
What are characteristics of Impressionism? How is impressionism used and what are some examples?
Are there art sculptures that promote the exploration of their tactile qualities?
Am I mediocre artist if my digital art looks terrible?
I need to describe Monet's "Study of Pathway" Painting. Can someone help me with this? The description should create the image in the audience's mind.
What is your favorite art?
What is an abstract painting?
Why can’t I find any big art supply stores in Delhi? (ones that sell artist brands such as Copic, Shinhan, Sakura, Prismacolor etc)
Does pop art still dominate in the USA?
How do musicians balance producing content to sell and making art?
Which are famous paintings that are only painted in one or two colors?
How can I mannerly and non-disruptive ask visitors in art gallery to consider stop making squeaking noises by rubber soles-type athletic shoes?
What are some art project ideas for people who aren't good at art?
Why did Robert Rauschenberg become an artist?
What lighting equipment available in India are ideal for still life and portrait painting?
What is an example of a piece of text (book excerpt, song lyric, quote, poem, etc.), that relates to a piece of artwork?
What are some fruit paintings created by famous artists?
How did art start since the very beginning?
What do you make of this installation by Ardan Ozmenoglu?
What are the formal elements of sculpture?
Can art be used to prove that “unrealistic” body dysmorphia is not borne from a sensory disorder but from an aging disorder?
Can I use lacquer spray paints directly on canvas to make art?
Were arts and artists always considered useless?
How can you make your painting (portrait) fireproof?
Should I go to an art center?
How can I print such painting to hang it in the wall?
Do you know this artist? I found this while cleaning and wondering if it was worth anything.
Is there a difference in styles of a self-taught artist and a taught artist?
In your opinion, do you like music or visual art more?
Where can I found qualified tradespeople for office painting in Sydney?
What are the most beautiful paintings representing women in your opinion?
How has Rafael Araujo drawn his butterfly series paintings?
How can I be credible when writing about art history if I have no such degree?
How can I pursue arts academically if I don't want to adopt it professionally ?
Why was Dali Catholic but made really surreal paintings?
If the Mona Lisa was stolen and replaced with a fake, would the French government reveal that it is missing?
How important is the artistic moment?
What makes art interesting for you?
Has anyone ever used knitting to create works of art that are museum worthy?
What school/course should I join in Bangalore for a career in fine arts and design?
Which school is better for theater arts: Brown or Barnard?
What is street art?
What are some (preferably famous) artists that has original characters of their own?
Does the art of persuasion actually work on people?
How can I make an abstract painting for an art competition?
Could famous scientists and mathematicians be able to achieve greatness in an artistic field?
What you think about mona Lisa?
What is marble name art?
What is the first step for getting into collecting / dealing art?
What is an art style?
What does the arts council fund?
How can I argue that content is more important than form (in art)?
How much does a font cost for commercial use on album artwork or single artwork?
If Donald Trump would be a famous painting, what it would be and why?
Is there a place in Delhi where I can find all of my painting supplies (watercolor tubes, brushes, watercolor paper, etc.)?
How can I market for my scifi illustration/concept art?
I'm very good at drawing, acting, photography, writing stories and composing music. Is there a job that includes all my passions?
Would you consider providing more funding for the fine arts in both college and professional settings?
What would be a good product to sell at my art booth other than t-shirts and prints?
Why did Italy produce so many great artists around 1300-1600?
Why did curators agree to let artists like Chris Burden perform such dangerous art? Would such performance art be possible today?
What contemporary or classic artwork is darkest and most bleak?
Can fine art still change society?
Which category on Craigslist can you find artist instructional DVDs on painting for sale?
Other than Patrick Nagel art, what other art was on the walls in an 80s bedroom?
Do the wealthy have a greater appreciation for art?
Where can someone find a buyer for highly collectible art?
Why is Rangoli considered an art?
When will I ever use art class in school?
Where can I buy art in India?
Why do you think my literature professor strongly stated that music has to be the most important form of art over literature, visual art, and such?
How is Rossini oil painting different from other types of paint?
Should young artists and urbaneers destroy art world relics as the only relevant target that signals to enemies of future justice?
How much would you pay for my artwork?
How can I apply Math in the arts?
What do we mean by 'line work' in Ajanta paintings?
Why is being creative in art so hard?
Do you think people can accept the strange 3D Modern Art right now?
What are some examples of fractals in art?
What is your favorite type of art to create?
Where can I buy good artworks in Coimbatore?
What is the price of a painting of a senior artist?
Do you like Gustave Doré’s paintings?
I have a painting that is signed by B. Mitchell. How do I know it is his real art?
Why do Still Life Paintings remain popular today?
Is this an accurate description of a furry, or should I say more about the art?
What brands of watercolors do professional artists mostly use?
For how much would you buy this painting?
How do I register my art and hobby class in Mumbai?
What is routine in a fine arts college?
Are new forms of art being created as technology intersects with traditional art forms?
How do traveling art collections generally work? What happens if someone wants to buy a piece from the collection while it is still on exhibit?
Is there a girl in Vancouver for me?
When and how should I start to make my art portfolio?
How can I tell the quality of a painting from just looking at it?
What are some of the best canvases for watercolor painting?
Would continuous bicep exercise weaken our drawing/ writing /painting skills?
How can I tell if a painting is varnished?
How can we tell the difference between an amateur and professional abstract art without knowing who painted it?
How could you make a fake crystal (eg. labradorite) for an art project?
How did Van Gogh impact the 20th century?
What is in the gloss that makes a paint last longer compared to other types like satin, flat or matte?
What are the best fine arts college in Lucknow?
What is French Baroque art? What are characteristics of French Baroque art?
How can I sell tribal paintings in India?
Which family has the largest private art collection?
Where can I order a painting?
Should art need to be "explained"?
Where can I find a good art dealer?
How is Ester Petukhova so talented?
Can an Indian painter/sketching artist guide me?
What are some good examples of positive and negative shapes in art?
What are your creative awesome art?
What are the best certification institutes for art out of India?
How can The Art of War be applied to business?
What is art as an expression of human experience?
How is water color art different than pencil art?
Why isn’t there any award for paintings?
Do you know of anyone who got into an art & design college with a really low GPA?
My daughter wants to pursue her degree course in fine arts from Kala Bhawan, Shanti Niketan, West Bengal. Is this a good institution for her purpose?
What are the requirements for an art gallery?
How can I find wealthy people to sell fine art?
What is observational drawing in art?
What is the relationship between art and morality?
Is it tasteful to display oil paintings and watercolor paintings in the same room?
How do I gain knowledge about art like paintings, designs etc.?
What are the best websites to purchase a quality Monet oil painting reproduction?
Can freshmen get into UC schools without satisfying the fine arts requirement?
Where can I find art and crafts items in kolkata?
When did Van gogh's paintings increase in value the fastest? Was there a time that the price of his life's work ascended at a great rate?
How 2D arts different from 3D arts?
What do you call a person who loves to make artwork and draw?
Which is the best sculpture available on ShowFlipper?
What are examples of non objective art?
Why is Jade Kandel so good at art?
Why is the word 'fine' used in fine arts?
What are the main issues with your art career?
What's easier, art or photography?
Is it common for Fine Arts majors to be cliquey?
Does anyone know who did the art/what the art is called in Yasunari Kawabata's Beauty and Sadness?
What obstacles have you experienced as an artist getting your art out?
Does your percentage in class 12th reflect in getting admission for a Bachelor’s in Fine Arts?
How do I talk with an Artist?
What makes great art great?
How can I find my enjoyment in art again?
What kind of sculptures were most important in Greek art? Why are they so important?
I'm retired and an aspirant painter interested in imitating the results of the old masters. How do I set a manageable agenda for self-study?
What are the most famous synthetic cubism paintings?
What aspect of the artwork (Thomas Crawford's statue of freedom) does Vivien green Fryd find most significant?
What supplies do I need to mail artwork reproductions?
What are some of the career options in fine arts in India after doing Btech in CSE?
How do I commercialise my drawing and painting skills?
What are some characteristics of the different types of fine art?
Do art collectors prefer airbrush paintings, or free hand?
What are the charateristics of the neoclassical paintings?
What are the best NON-major art museums in Paris to visit?
Is the pictured drawing a good art piece?
Why most of the artists make nude figures of females only?
Can I earn through my art (sketches and paintings) in India as an undergraduate student? If yes, how?
How do I turn an idea of a painting into reality if I'm not a good artist?
Why do so few men take art classes?
What are the good ways to learn digital art?
What are some works of art (music, literature, film, painting or whatever) that are quite good but little known and commercially unsuccessful?
What is your favourite painting from the Elizabethan era?
Is there any Picasso painting at the National Museum in Warsaw or the Muzeum Sztuki in Lodz in Poland?
Why do art critics ignore M.C. Escher's work?
How can I give better feedback to other artists?
I have an old painting of renowned Indian artist which I would like to get restored and valuate. Whom and how should I approach?
What college art class should I take if I don't know how to draw?
What is the difference between a fine and a penalty?
Which artist does some similar paintings like Pawel Kuczynski?
Where can I post my artwork for free?
What are some of the most famous landscape paintings by Monet?
What are some easy ways to draw famous paintings?
Where can I sell my own paintings online?
What's it like to study in an atelier?
How can I frame a silk painting?
How much did the Mona Lisa cost to paint? (How much was Da Vinci paid to make it)
How can you make sculptures using sugar?
Has the measure of beauty shifted from the classical age of art? How?
Are memes a form of collage art with any historical value?
Does art need confession?
Is it worth it for an artist to pay to show his/her work in a book?
Do you know of a painter named Blum?
Why is symmetry important in Islamic art?
What exactly is the Nanyang art style or genre?
What is the oldest known still life painting depicting a bottle of wine?
Why did some artists purposely draw/paint with inaccurate anatomy?
How can you do encaustic painting?
What is New media art?
How should my company approach the US market with handmade watercolor papers?
How important is it to have a first class undergraduate degree when applying for a fine arts program in Oxford?
What qualifies as a breakthrough work of art?
What are some failed avante-garde styles in the cultural and artistic realms?
Who was the first painter who painted the final judgment?
Should I continue with my art or drop it while I still can?
How do I get my paintings sold?
What can I do to improve my painting?
How is the fine arts program at Parsons, NYC?
Can roses be spray painted?
Is painting with plaster on canvas acceptable or a bad idea? Why?
Who are a few of the leading contemporary visual fine artists, apart from Ai Wei Wei, nowadays?
Would comparing works of visual art be an interesting topic in art education?
I get a few days in Paris, what sculpture/art should I prioritize seeing ? (Thanks)
How does Art Advisory work?
What is the painting in the background of the building where the captain’s body is examined in ‘Nosferatu’?
Can you show the most beautiful work of art created when you were manic?
What is the Marxist view of art?
What are your opinions on modern art?
Why so many old catholic paintings show blonde angels?
What are the main tools for painting landscapes?
What do you think of possible return on investment in contemporary artist Nicholas Chistiakov?
Do I need to clean old treated wood before painting it?
Why do people spend a lot of money to go to art school to make ugly, simple looking art?
How do I convert traditional art to digital art?
What can "trivial literature" or art teach us, especially pompous pricks (who usually don't know the first thing about art)?
How can an art dealer expert in modern art but new in industry, approach client and galleries?
How long did it take for William Turner to finish one painting?
What was Pablo Picasso's painting style and how did his style affect artist today?
How should aspiring artists relate to others who don't appreciate what they are doing?
Can science be an art?
Is art a commercial commodity?
What is the value of a KC Chan painting?
How do colleges view anime-influenced art in admission portfolios?
How big a deal is it to get a conservator to repair a very small nick in a fine art painting?
What kind of art can you make using pine resin?
How can I ship an encaustic painting?
What artwork is this? Who made it?
Can I varnish colored pencil art?
Which of these pieces should I enter for an illustration art competition?
Are there any 3D sketch artists in Aurangabad?
How do I make an image look like Japana's Makoto Shinka's Art?
Is a world without art and music or one without science worse?
Which school of sculpture is oldest, Gandhara, Mathura or Amravati?
What are the career opportunities for fine (visual) arts graduate?
Help on pricing this art? My art provided, please judge how much I should price my art!
How is art evaluated?
What are examples of different mediums of painting?
I am thinking of applying for a masters in fine arts. Could anyone please guide me on how to make a portfolio and what to write for my CV and SOP?
Do you ever navigate digital collections of paintings? What is the reason?
How do I charge for painting?
Where can I learn most of the art forms?
Do you know any art pieces about self-optimization?
What is the name of this art form in which we create shapes with trangles and squire? Image in the comments
Who is the historic character holding the scroll on the far left of this painting?
How is the naturalistic representation between feeling and movement evident in the sculptures of the classical and Hellenistic periods?
How does one start their own art collection?
Why the Mona Lisa facing left feels odd?
How much could I sell art prints for?
Why is transparency in art market needed?
What should we do of our old unused notebooks and art paints received from school?
I want to create metal and wooden works of art. What tools do I need?
How do I start painting my art?
What inspired Jose Puyet's paintings?
Should I major in art, astrophysics or aerospace engineering?
Why do artist differ in the way they express themselves?
What is the location depicted in this painting?
What does a Roto Artist actually do?
What is the most beautiful painting of the Crucifixion?
What are few things you wished you had done in art school?
What are the benefits of selling your art with Spark?
What would our world look like today if we had no imagination?
I bought this painting but it got torn. How can I fix this?
What are the basic requirements of oil painting and also how should a begginer start with oil painting?
Can I print artworks on Schut sketch paper, 180 gms?
What is the story behind the horse relief sculptures on the Kunsthaus Zürich wall?
Which are the best online art galleries in Europe?
What are some movies which you think are pretentious and how would you fix them?
Can an art collector please give a critique of this work of marquetry?
What is literary art?
Can I get an opinion on my recent paintings?
What were Ben Quilty's ambitions to become an artist?
Where do you get best painting and decorating services in Kensington?
Do anyone want to list your art contest or drawings competition for free?
How can I undestand applied art?
What is the unique feature of Tanjore paintings?
How do you discern between "good and bad" art?
Do art collections each have their own message?
What are the main qualities of applied arts?
What is the current status of the art market?
What modern art style/movement are these paintings at http://imgur.com/gallery/aZqJt like? Do you Quorans know any artists that have similar style?
What surface did Van Gogh paint on?
If you could be an artist, would you still choose to become an arts administrator?
What are the best interactive art exhibitions website?
How much difficulty would the couple who modeled for Rodin's The Kiss have had? I've modeled before and some poses were tough enough solo.
Is consoling an art or am I an insensitive person?
What qualification is required for admission in Sir J J School Of Arts in degree course in Fine Arts? When will the admission start?
How do I learn epoxy painting in India?
How can I create negative shapes in art?
What is the relationship between art work on emotions and the world?
If I do arts then what careers I can do in future?
How was humanism affected by art and literature?
How can I learn painting myself?
How did the art and architecture of India lost?
I can't draw that well. Will I ever be able to pursue creating art?
What was Hitler's art career like?
What are some books/essays/articles/etc. on the relationship between Edward Hopper's art and the cinema that you'd recommend?
Who is your favorite expressionist artist? Why?
Who are some female Renaissance artists?
I am looking into building a computer for art, what are some recommended specs/hardware for it since it will be solely for art?
Do I need to be a skillful artist to create valuable art?
What are some restrictions when painting with oil based paint in the state of California?
Is there a correlation between the Nazis suppressing the arts and the Trump administration defunding the arts?
Who founded art movement suprematism?
Which one is better, an artist who focuses on selling or an artist who focuses on the art?
Do you have to have experience drawing before majoring in fine arts in college?
What category of art would the statues, titled “The Emperor has no Balls,” Donald Trump statues fall into?
What are Renoir's most impressive paintings?
How can I be a better artist?
How can I make art from waste pens?
How can I find a talented artist I can work with?
When you were accepted into an art & design college was your portfolio better than your GPA or was your academic record more outstanding?
Does anyone still make fine-art Viewmaster slides?
I'm trying to remember the name of this really young Asian Australian or NZ painter who committed suicide in either 2014 or 2015?
What are the two signs of a Vincent van Gogh painting real or fake?
What is the oldest pre-historic man's painting ever found?
What is the economic value of the arts?
What is your favourite Japanese painting?
How common is it for meditation to make artists so calm that their art quality declines? (b/c their best art is triggered by emotionality)
How did Roman art influence the modern world?
Is a fine arts student able to become an automobile designer? What is the eligibility criteria for that?
I am new to oil painting on canvas. I am curious, what are the best household items you can use to thin the oil paints?
Why do I love pop art?
What style of art does Leonardo da Vinci do?
Is there any distance learning/correspondence fine arts and crafts courses in India?
What are some good private art classes in NYC?
Can art exist with propaganda?
How would art speak to somebody?
Are there any general standards in Art?
What are some fascinating global art projects?
Who is the famous artist who painted the picture of horses, maybe polo, with a large pole going right through the middle of the painting?
What drawing or painting describes your personality and why?
Why are some abstract paintings expensive? Some of them are easy to paint, regardless of the fact that they look ok?
Are there any good books on what is art and extracting meaning from art? I am looking for insightful and fundamental works?
How long did it take you to learn sketching and painting on your own?
Would the artists on Quora be interested in participating in a blog about the process of making art?
What material is best for an undersketch of an oil painting? Pencil seems to muddy my lighter colors.
Does anyone have some wall-painting ideas?
Why is logic considered to be an art?
What are the pieces of art that evoke the most emotion?
Can a face art be imaginary?
Which website on fan-art do you like best?
Why and how did the pop art movement begin?
Do you think some contemporary art is overpriced?
What are some of the most famous online art galleries?
Is modern industrial education compatible with philosophy, literature and fine arts?
What is an example of a piece of text and piece of artwork that share a similar theme/ meaning?
Why did Vincent van Gogh have a tragic life?
What are some good overview articles on contemporary art?
I am 32 years old and literally can not draw at all. Would it still be possible to become a paid illustrator in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
Has anyone had any luck with artist hardship grants?
Why do people think art is far away from our life?
What is the meaning of this art painting ? See below
How do I give rafael effect in painting?
What can l do after taking arts?
How do I fill in a proforma invoice for artwork?
What percentage commission should a gallery give an art dealer if he sells his client's artwork to a client of the gallery?
Is nudity a form of art or pornographic materials?
Can I get into the Oxford Master of Fine Art (MFA) without a relevant Bachelor's degree?
Which is the best fine art college in India for MFA?
Should inappropriate art (such as the new Emmett Till painting) be censored?
How does the value of art change over time in photography?
What are some examples of dominance art?
What is the painting on Garib Rath train coaches ?
What conditions do you need to work in an art gallery?
What is painting in graphics?
Should governments subsidise the arts? Explain your answer using relevant examples to illustrate your points.
Can the entire history of someone's thoughts become a painting?
What is this style of art called?
What are some methods for working with sculpture?
Have any artists here gotten commissions through CODAwerx?
How can you get top class painting services which charge you a fair price?
Is fine arts degree affiliated in OPJ university by UGC?
What is a method with which a non art student can create their own art style?
What do you prefer: a sketchy painting or a complete, full color painting?
I'm a beginner at Digital arts/paintings and progressing. What would be the best PG course in NID for me?
How do I market my painting company?
I have a painting by Janos Kardos that I believe has appreciated in value. How do I find out if that is correct? And then how do I sell it?
What is the most economic yet safe way of shipping pencil sketches and canvas paintings that are not framed?
What is a more profitable business? An auction house or an art gallery?
What do I need to be a professional artist?
What are some great places to network with other oil painting artists online?
Can you critique my art?
How long did it take Vincent Van Gogh to paint the Starry Night?
How do you find and choose a trustworthy painter/decorator?
How were the different types of Mexican art created?
Why do you consider art, or paintings, useless, despite all the evidence to the contrary?
What should I do if I am good at art?
Is all art inherently political?
How do I perform frame movement for inserting clip art to illustrate running of a car automatically?
What is the best way for an artist (painter) to exhibit and sell his/her work to galleries and art buyers (In India)?
Have you ever thought about learning to draw or paint?
How do I create a paint that changes due to temperature?
What do you like in this painting? What seems wrong too ?
Can you give historical instances of artists who were famous in their time, but then for some reason lost their fame and are not famous now?
What art was on the walls, other than Patrick Nagel’s art, in a single male's bedroom back in the 80s?
Can anyone sell reprinted famous artwork online?
What does it take me to be a succesful artist?
What are the essential functions of art?
What courses can I take if I'm interested in both physics and fine art?
Are religious Jews allowed to make sculptures or paint portraits?
How much money do I charge and sell my art work for?
Politics as an academic discipline is more of an art than science discuss this assertion?
Has modern art become more about being freakish and sensationalistic instead of being creative and original?
What is the best art to copy?
What was the most expensive piece of art work sold in 2016?
How do I price my canvas art work in a gallery?
Was Bob Ross high on drugs during the recordings of “The Joy of Painting”? I do not believe he was, but my friend does.
Could comics be considered a valid form of art?
Can I varnish after 10 days of oil painting?
Why are relief paintings or sculptures called "reliefs"?
How can you make an analysis of the painting Venus of Urbino?
How can I get good at doing art? What is the best approach?
What is the blackest paint the most light absorbing paint ever invented?
How hard does Chuck Close work on his art?
What are the most provocative pieces of art ever?
Why was the Arnolfini portrait painted?
What is the significance of Art to our lives as a society?
What are fine artists who work digitally doing to add value to the work they sell?
If language is decorated silence and art is decorated space, what is writing?
How can I reach out to an artist to order a painting of my picture?
What do you think of Saatchi Art (the online gallery) . Does it works well on profit ？ Lots of online gallery was building in China recent?
Will fan art be okay with Trump?
What are the most beautiful works of art ever created?
How can Pablo Picasso's style of painting be explained?
Which contemporary artwork do synesthetes feel best represents their condition?
How much of the subject matter is on the art side in the UP Board?
What characteristics define non representational art?
How good is my art? How could I improve in it?
What are some websites where artists will critique submitted drawings?
How can I convince someone that people do make a living by creating art?
What website could effectively help and teach you about drawing buildings and landscapes for free?
What are the best personal logos of traditional artists?
What are some of the better known paintings from Puerto Rico and who were they painted by?
What is the typical relationship between an art museum and a for-profit gallery as it relates to an exhibition?
How do I gain inspiration to do art?
Is every piece of art built on the foundation of tragedy?
What makes acmeist poetry different from other styles?
Would you say this piece is abstract?
How do you know which hand strokes draw certain lines in art?
What are the arts?
Do you know what this 16th century painting represents?
What does it take for an artist to be well recognized?
What artistic technique did Giotto help pioneer?
What is the scope of arts and crafts for a CSE student?
What made Michelangelo's painting style so unique?
Is the painting The Arnolfini Portrait a tribute to Arnolfini's deceased wife?
Why can the artist live in the desert but the artisan does not?
Can I sell my drawings instead of paintings which are usually sold by artists instead?
What courses would you study at the National Taiwan Normal University’s department of Fine Art - only traditional art, or also art media and digital art?
Is art an imitation or an interpretation of nature?
In what ways can I improve my art?
What is the best way for a traditional artist to start learning digital art?
How many of you like Tanjore paintings? Are you ready to buy?
If you had to create a work of art with machine learning, what would it do?
What is the most impressive architectural artwork of all times?
How can nomal people dig their talent and sense of art?
Which are the best contemporary art galleries or artist-run centers in China for emerging artists?
Why does body art vastly impact personal opinion?
What are the best movies that animate paintings and painted art?
Why are there so many squirrels in eighteenth-century English paintings?
How would I learn how to best sell some original Southwestern art (oils on canvas) that have been in our family since 1986? Where is the best place to start?
Can I sell my art made from references taken from the internet?
What is the significance of "The Ignudi" in Michelangelo painting?
Where can I upload my artwork that will guarantee as best as possible that nobody will try to steal it?
What do you think about Art in Thailand?
Does having darker skin make the eyes look bigger or smaller?
Does art contain our future?
Where can I go to check some samples of bad art?
Is it sensible to be a fan of a writer, director, or musician (an artist) if that artist has been known or proven to be a despicable human being?
What kind of wagon is depicted in Constable's painting "Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows"?
What are some facts about aboriginal art?
How do you feel about making art?
What is semi abstract art?
Are old Japanese paintings not as realistic as European ones?
Why do we need diversity in the arts?
How do I make whimsical art?
Why is making art a mental therapy (psychotherapy)? How does that work?
Do you think that the paintings of Henri Rousseau are naive?
How can people say art is as important as science, or even more important than science?
What is digital painting?
Would you hesitate to feature your art work on digitally printed glass?
Would you consider art as a start up?
I want a semi-realistic art style that can portray characters as charming or creepy/scary. Which style should I go for?
Why is Romero Britto’s art so expensive?
Is drawing of random fishing nets on canvas considered art?
Who is C. Roberts and what paintings are he best know for?
Is there any suitable and reliable websites or application for selling my photographs and paintings?
What does sculpture express about memory that paintings cannot?
Is it wasteful for artists to use new materials to create artworks?
Is it worth selling art prints from India to other countries?
Should I submit an arts portfolio for my college app?
What kind of art do people want to buy?
What are some examples of contemporary expressionist art?
What are some movements in art right now?
What is “Pragyaparamita”, and what is its significance in art?
Where can I get a portrait painting made on canvas in Hyderabad?
Is there a special name for the Hindu art with all the interconnecting layers of visual and spiritual information?
Why is fan art frowned upon by art teachers and the art world in general? Is it less legitimate than other art forms?
For sinterklaas (Dutch holiday) I have to make a DIY project for a woman who likes yoga, art (collecting), reading and singing. What can I make?
What's wrong with telling people how to make arts?
What is kama art?
Do we get Torrents for Sagar Arts' Krishna?
If you were set with the creative task of painting an epic biblical scene for a famous art gallery, which one would you choose?
What do people think about selling experimental sound art?
What are the top painters best paintings ever?
Do artist have different skill?
What artist are you most inspired by?
What are some of Ray Parslow's successful designs?
Is there an art portal in India where I can post artwork for free and get buyers?
What is the meaning behind baby angel paintings?
What piece of art or popular culture has had the biggest influence on politics?
Why do people leave bad reviews on trip advisor about art galleries with the explanation "I don't like art"?
What is the real meaning of an "art hoe"?
Where can I get art paintings in Chennai?
What arguments do Art advisors use most successfully to convince the client to buy particular artwork?
What are the characteristics of Salvador Dali's painting style?
Can I use the creation of man painting commercially?
What are the job prospects in India for fine arts?
Where do people discover art?
How do I paint a gallery to make it look awesome?
What artwork did you use to get into art school?
Do you have four suggestions to uplift the Nepalese paintings?
What kind of students/person fit better in art schools?
Which college major provides the strongest tools to become an informed citizen?
What types of subjects did modernist artists paint?
What's the best process to waterseal paint ink on leather?
I want to switch my field to fine arts. I'm currently a working professional. Can someone tell me what is the eligibility criteria for fine arts and which are the institutes (India/abroad) offering such courses?
What kind of Art and Crafts would you buy on-line?
How did Edward Hopper make his paintings?
Which university in Japan has the best Fine Arts Department?
How can I brighten up my digital painting?
How do I channel my emotion into art?
How do I start selling Digital Art online?
Do you like painting?
What are the various platforms available where painters can sell their art?
Why doesn’t the sculpture Thales of Miletus have eyes?
What kind of paintings do Chinese people like?
Which Photoshop version should I get for digital art?
How can I make time for my art while studying through a rigorous curriculum in an American medical school?
Where can we post about a fine art exhibition to get buyers and traffic?
Which is the best school for martial arts?
How do I fnd a signature of a painting of a little boy on a beach holding a small pail?
How do I grow a successful Painting and decorating company in the UK?
What's the best city in Germany to study art?
What is some contemporary Islamic philosophy that discusses the role of art in society?
Who are the main players in the art world?
How do they restore cave paintings from the past?
Are there any art schools that accept students solely on their portfolios?
+-why do people think art can be pretentious?
Where can I sell my artwork in Bangalore?
Can drawing realism make you a better artist?
What is Archival Quality?
I would like to do my Masters in Art. How do I do it?
Where can I hire fine arts students in Delhi NCR?
Is fine rare art a great investment?
What are some examples of current art that strives to capture beauty without ideological motivations?
Can we say that art and science are related?
How long does gold leafing last?
How does Greek art differ from Macedonian art?
What was the impact of the reformation of art and architecture in Europe?
Where can I find information about painting with mixed media?
What are the different types of applied arts?
Photography is science or art?
Which is your favourite piece of art done by you?
Is watercolor the hardest painting medium to master?
How do I use textured white with paints?
How can I sell or show my paintings at a gallery event? Are there any organizations where I can contact and promote my paintings in Delhi, NCR?
Where do hotels, institutions, and corporations source their fine art?
How do sports, music and art fit to education?
What art do you think is not appreciated? (This art could be music, photography etc)
What is the name of a nice book to learn drawing and painting?
How can I find Surrealism art collectors?
What is your idea of America's “best” work of art?
Are art and music a part of science?
How can I get better at art, since I am currently a very bad artist?
What is the distinct feature of the painting of Raja Ravi Varma?
What are some common applications for a kinetic sculpture?
I need to choose a type of art like literature or painting during a time period that had a major impact on that time. Please Help?
How can I appreciate the arts as a scientist?
Where can I find nice paintings for my room? Any online websites?
What are some facts about Henri Rousseau and his paintings?
What are the various types of Original Art Paintings?
Who is the hottest artist in Cleveland?
Where can I find inspiration for my next painting?
To what extent can artists utilize unlikely media and still have their work be considered art?
Where do I find an example of art exhibit proposal letter?
Is fine art considered the "best" and most valuable overall?
Who painted the artwork in Michael Garibaldi's quarters on Babylon 5?
How do I become a micro artist?
What did your older art look like compared to your newer art, and how do you feel you've improved over the years?
What should I look for in a college if I want to become an artist?
Who's your favorite cartoon artist? What makes their art outstanding?
What is the use of light in the late Renaissance paintings?
What are some famous sculptures at the Louvre?
What do I need to do besides practicing to improve at art?
Where can I find 12th century art in New York?
Would people pay well for scanned prints of my artwork?
How would you define this art style? How do people make this kind of art?
Should a skilled, undiscovered artist post their art on the internet or reserve their art for potential gallery eyes only?
Can I use “Fabriano Bristol” drawing paper for art exhibitions or do I need an archival quality paper?
What are the difference between art film and commercial film?
Is smudge painting a cheating in digital art?
What are the characteristics of Romanticism art?
When should I buy paints of a better quality?
Where can I see Yayoi Kusama's artworks in Japan?
Can I pursue the fine arts after PCM in Plus 2?
Is local art diminishing?
What are some of the best art galleries in England?
How do I make my portfolio for art direction so that I can apply to schools?
Which type of paintings are mostly sold in Indian houses?
Why is the fine art market so large and mysterious?
How can you determine if your paintings have any value?
What's the meaning behind C.M. Coolidge's painting "A Friend in Need"?
Are there any sites with poses for quick art sketches?
Should everybody be an artist?
Can somebody be economist from arts or humanities?
Who's disrupting the art market?
How can I help make the world better through graphism and art?
What are the top ten reasons why the Italian art is unique in the world?
When should I expect an admission reply for a master’s course from The Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts? They received my application on the 26th of February 2017.
What do you call an art style that takes unpleasant things and turn it into art?
How do I create a public art installation in NYC?
What can I write about pop art?
Can we use poster colours for glass painting?
Do you need to know how to draw to start painting?
Why isn’t art valued in schools?
Do you think that a painting or a sculpture can evoke as strong feelings as a movie or a song does?
Are there real jobs in the concept art industry?
How much effort did Dr. Awdhesh Singh take to complete his first oil painting?
What are the best combinations to be taken in arts subject?
Is art appreciation influenced by demand and supply too sadly?
How do I do a painting?
Can you name a museum activity that helped you engage with the art work?
How can I display my artwork (portraits)?
Can Muslims own a bust sculpture (sculpture of a face) or a full sculpture that is disfigured?
Do you know the name of a surrealist/ psychedelic style painting of a street with hundreds of detailed characters? "Barcelona" is in the title
Is it possible to do paint brush strokes in Sketch?
I am an artist from India, how can I sell my paintings internationally?
What is an average mat width for a 10" x 10" or 11" x 14" portrait drawing?
What is the best business advice for an artist?
Who can give me orders for custom made paintings and portraits?
What are some facts of Vincent van Gogh's paintings?
What does it feel to be a foley artist?
Can I provide deviant art pictures in my mobile app?
Where are most people getting their paintings framed?
Where can I experience a Rothko painting in Washington DC?
What is the best way to find clients to buy my paintings online?
What is Justin maller's art type?
What are the fine and applied arts?
Is there a data base of scafa-tornabene publishing art prints?
Where are museums about European art and culture in Asia?
What are some great masterpiece painting and their hidden secrets?
How does/would one feel at seeing a piece of art, for example a larger-than-life portrait, in a gallery or publication without having given consent?
What's the best or most influential painting in/from your country?
Did you have any experience in painting when you were a little?
How conceptual is "Conceptual Art"?
When will the Pondicherry Street art show take place?
What are the merits of being an artist?
What brushes do you use for painting?
Could Vladimir Tretchikoff be considered a contemporary artist?
What inspired Monet's famous landscape paintings?
Is fine art photography important to the interior design world?
Are drugs the ultimate form of art?
Which art is currently the world's most demanded? What has the greatest potential in the future?
How are wooden sculptures made?
Do more people buy framed paintings than non-framed paintings?
Were the sketches and paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder created in love or contempt for the peasant class?
What piece of art has left you mesmerized?
Is Hebru Brantley’s art worth buying from an appreciation standpoint?
If we, global citizens, were to paint a moral portrait of the US, what would it look like?
How much do art history students learn about music?
What is the best sugar art you have seen?
How do you symbolized "Why" in picture or art?
Which was the most popular version of Art of Noise's "Moments in Love"?
What are the laws and regulations, for selling my own art in the UK?
Why doesn't Viria like her art to be shared?
How does one paint on a sculpture made of polyester resin?
What are some strategies to win at high end art auctions?
Which pays less, a music career or a fine arts career?
How is painting as a 6th subject?
How do you unclog an oil paint marker?
What is so great about the painting "The Scream" By Edvard Munch?
What's your favorite art style/artist and why?
Can somebody list out some things that are easy to draw and harder to draw?
Why steal a collection of paintings only to ransom them back to the owners?
How soon will automation affect the future of concept art?
How do I become a successful mehendi artist?
Which European monarch/general/noble had the coolest portrait painting?
In Bangalore, do you know any painters who can paint a photo on glass or a bottle?
Did you leave a science course to follow fine arts? Should one do so?
Can you critique my sketch?
To what extent should art be self-denial? If so, what is the purpose of creativity, and if not, what would be the purpose of the text?
What is an easy drawing or painting which portrays your perception of a fruit vendor?
What are some characteristics of hellenistic art? What are some examples and how is it made?
What is the minimum grade required to take pursue a Masters degree in Fine Arts/Design in Germany?
What are some examples of the different elements of art?
Are there any good books to read to master the art of influencing people?
I'm visiting Barcelona on an art course for 2 weeks in summer. What are some recommendations on things to see, restaurants &amp; anything art related?
Who had a style similar to that of Picasso?
What have you done for your modern art project at school?
What was usually represented in cave art paintings?
Can literature, art, sculpture, poetry or music lead a revolution?
Is there any virtual art course in India?
How do you draw digital art?
What should I do after class 12 in an arts subject?
Can using someone else’s style for a paid illustration be considered theft?
What is the role of Art in crisis?
How does Painting contractors work?
Will a correspondence program in fine arts be helpful for a freelance artist with no formal qualification in the arts, but in engineering instead?
How do I make money out of my skills while I am a college student?
Which field earns a lot of money, law, engineering, or the fine arts?
I am good at drawing and painting. How can I make a good future out of it?
What is the best city for traditional Japanese visual art?
What is the relationship of Kandinsky's early work to his more abstract paintings?
What makes photography an art form?
What are the key contributions of North American artists to art history?
What inspired Vincent Van Gogh?
Hi I'm an artist and I want to sell my digital paintings online. How do I do that?
What does realism mean in arts?
What is the difference between a Swami and a rishi in the art of living?
What is the best way to preserve art work (photos, drawings, paintings, etc.)?
How much should I charge a corporation for an art painting party?
What's the small abstract art exhibit that is 1 painting in a museum with solid colors (black, I think) that is large (maybe painted on the walls) that people say is very moving?
Why do a lot of people say that an artist is "cheating" when they use a reference photo for a drawing?
Would you buy paintings online? Why or why not?
Is it possible to have paintings exhibition in street in Berlin?
What is the name of the fairy tale where an artist in a cave paints people and they somehow get trapped in the paintings?
Between art and science, which is the best?
Which kind of art do you think is more important, the art we see in the cinema or the art we see in art galleries and museums?
What are some of the best apps and programs to start doing digital art with?
In art, is there a relationship?
What are the best art fairs around the world to exhibit and sell modern art?
How can you relate the Colosseum with visual art?
How do you describe the painting “Turkey Cock”?
What makes art valuable? Is it the same thing that makes it "good"?
What are some famous artists from the Baroque art period?
Why aren't modern temples built with ancient art, architecture and sculptures?
What are the benefits if an artist or painter could paint equally well with both arms?
What exactly is unity and variety in art?
What are some good art schools that will easily accept any transfer student?
Would you share some of your artwork with us?
What is the best way to store unmounted oil paintings on paper or canvas?
Which museums outside of Japan have the best collections of Ainu art?
What is the best place to sell art products in India?
Is it true that tuition to Russian Imperial Academy of Art is free?
What makes van Gogh strikingly different in fame?
Why, the painting of Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci is one of the most discussed topics in the world of Art?
What museum has the largest collection of art?
What is Chola bronze art?
How do I sell paintings when my niche is Christian art?
How come most cave art drawings are so good and quite professional?
How can fiction be considered art?
If you could instantly master a different art style, what would it be?
How can I compare and contrast different paintings?
What are the different contemporary art form?
How can something be defined as a piece of art?
Where do I find these touristy printed paintings in Barcelona?
Which art majors can lead to a good career?
Is it worth buying Copic Marker pens?
How did Alexander Calder become an artist?
What are some good examples of art in response to WWII, perhaps similar Picasso's Guernica?
What are some tips for an artist who wants to start taking art commissions? How do you price things, for example?
Is there a famous painter in history who was banned from an art gallery for persistent attempts at retouching his work?
What is art theory, and what is art concept?
In (not limited to) America, the street artists seem to be pretty decent. Why do they choose to do street art instead of pursuing a career in art?
What do you think about painting the inside of a China cabinet black?
How do we sell paintings?
How do children learn to paint?
I want to learn painting, how can I be more creative?
Can a landscape in its natural form be considered an art piece?
How can I prepare for the DOA, Maharashtra? What do I need to study?
In the artist alley at anime Conventions, why are artist allowed to sell artwork based on copyrighted material?
Where can I buy crafts and glass painting items in Velachery?
Are there other notable Apprenticeships in Scenic Painting like the one provided by IATSE?
What is the difference between art and sculpture?
Where can I find a dataset about visual art?
What are artists experimenting in now?
Is art something that most people can make, and if so why do some artists describe it as a transcendent creative process?
Why does music have a greater emotional impact than visual art when we are predominantly visual beings?
Where can I buy art glass products in Germany?
Which art installations would look good in a contemporary home?
Why is the Golden Ratio PHI considered beautiful? Why does the Divine Proportion exalt art, architecture, and nature? Does anyone yet deny its beauty?
Are you an amateur painter of any age? Show your top 5 simple, deep & thoughtful paintings.
Why do artist have different perception?
What is the historical background of Japanese art and what are some examples of it?
What is a good book about how to talk about your art?
If teaching is an art, why are teachers not considered to be artists?
Is there an aesthetic quality to pornography as a medium or is it always dulling and time wasting?
What are some facts of Surrealism art?
If an employee of an art gallery accidentally breaks a piece of art which was not secured properly, do they pay for this?
What is the simplest waterpainting you have drawn?
Have you ever modeled for an art class?
Was Modern Art the CIA “weapon”? According to some declassified info in the press, it was. Is Contemporary Art used as the propaganda weapon as well?
What are some creative career options for someone who majors in fine arts, has a minor in computer science and then pursues medicine?
Do I potentially have a future in art?
What happened to Doctor Art Ayers? (coolinginflammation.blogspot.com is not updated anymore)
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen/artisans to the realm of fine artists?
How many art galleries are there in the US?
Does such a thing as avant-garde exist in contemporary art, or is this term purely historical and embracing only pre-war art?
Who painted this painting from a Chinese TV show called “Pretty Li Hui Zhen”?
What are the differences between the way Bob Ross teaches and the techniques you would learn at an art school?
What art prints should I use in my bedroom instead of fashion that could go with flowers?
How do I prepare for masters in visual art from Aurobindo College?
How Salvador Dali become an artist? How did he influenced modern art?
Walter Benjamin, an art god, said, “creativity is passé, and art is only good as working class propaganda”. Why is there no mention of this in Art History?
Who are the sportsmen who epitomise the concept of an artist, i.e. who play their respective games in such a way that it seems like art?
Which artist drew the most self-portraits?
What are some characteristics of Hundertwasser's artwork?
Is it considered infringement to sell hand-drawn paintings of already copyrighted art?
Where can I find more art like this?
How do I become a performing artist?
Why is the Jatayu sculpture in the Jatayu Nature Park in Kerala looking like an Eagle?
Did professional artists know what they will be working on when they were starting out?
How is arts/ humanities viewed in your country?
Is there any way to get good art paper without having to buy from strathmore?
What is the purpose of scale and proportion in art?
How can I meet people who are interested in modern art music?
What is Michelangelo's most famous sculpture?
What are your thoughts on my painting?
What are some examples of historical artworks (not images) that depict infinity as an abstraction or narrative?
What is importance of 3D art?
If you are a graphic designer, would you be interested in learning more about painting and drawing?
What is the difference between 'imprisonment or fine or both' and 'imprisonment and fine'?
Where does our appreciation of art come from? How do Humans find things beautiful/meaningful?
How do you make an art journal?
I have artwork and sculptures I want to sell, but I can't identify the artist. The ones I can identify are so rare, how do I assign a value?
I recently discovered my passion in creating art. How can I get into a career in drawing/painting at 23?
What materials does one need for (traditional) Zen painting?
What is your favourite historical work of art?
How are Starving Artist paintings made?
What is the most beautiful artwork of a dragon you have ever seen?
Do you have to be an artist yourself in order to be an art restorer or curator?
Can someone identify this artist, who is from Glasgow around the 80s?
Should I pay for art prints if I have no money?
Has anyone have any paintings by the painter called "Helagson"?
Who are some famous painters of Haitian descent?
Does a viewer need to know the artist’s intent to enjoy/understand art?
How do I improve my digital art?
Why does my 4 year old draw on the wall and paint on paper?
Would you consider some trends as art?
How is dying also an art?
What was the J. M. W. Turner work?
Which is the best website where I can show and sell my art work for free?
What is the significance of Osip Mandelstam in literature?
What makes medieval pictorial painting unique?
What happened to the "Pee Boy" art that was displayed on US Route 35 in the Teays Valley, WV?
Do experts over-analyze the meaning of art works?
What are the elements of style in art? How can they be described?
Why do some artists “overshare”?
What is the painting with "nihil" on it?
How is fine arts in BHU?
Where do I get abstract metal wall art for my home?
Do you agree that art is more important than reading and writing? Why?
I have skill with graphites and charcoal, but limited skill with paints and pastels. Is this a problem if I am to become an artist?
What social media is best to make an art portfolio?
What kind of drawing paper do you use for selling your finished artwork?
What paint do I use for wall paintings?
Are smartphones killing the fine art of conversation?
What is the best thing to put in an art portfolio?
What sort of art do you love?
How is Germanic tribal art made?
Who is your favorite renaissance artist (painter, sculptor, musician or writer)?
How can I improve my artist sketches?
How can I perform better in Arts examination?
What should I use in my bedroom, instead of fashion art prints? I'm not into fashion.
What are some rare and beautiful typewriters that are good to write with?
What is humanistic art?
Would anyone consider paying a painter to paint their walls a custom original design?
What are professional arts?
What are the best paintings about optimism?
What are free form shapes used for in art?
Which art piece have you done that you are most connected to?
What is the total valuation of Vatican's art collection?
Are there any fine art apprenticeships out there?
What does an art degree accomplish?
What is the meaning of (non-toxic) and (zero-VOC) painting?
How would I make whimsical pop art?
Why do people like to create art?
How does an artist see the world?
Can I include a nude painting in my art portfolio for an art teaching position?
Is art subjective? Can somebody say that something "isn't art" just because they don't enjoy it?
On a scale of 1-10, how good are you at drawing/painting?
Can 2 paintings be compared?
How can I do metallic painting in Photoshop?
What does "line quality" mean in art? What are some examples?
Where can I find artists that are willing to work for a price? (New artists that wouldn't ask for a lot of money)
Is it OK to sell paintings that look exactly like famous ones?
Does Mehndi art has a name like mandala?
What is the best type of paint or markers for canvases?
What makes art valuable and what is the importance of valuing art in society?
Does pricing with "9" cheapen luxury products and ruin the brand’s prestigious image?
What happens when you combine art and science?
How do you create hyper-realistic oil paintings?
Is “Mona Lisa” considered the greatest of all paintings or is it simply the most famous?
What are the definitions of the 7 elements of art?
Why does painting take so long and how can you learn to paint?
Can an artist become an animator?
Can you critique my art portfolio?
How does Judaism see music and other arts?
Does modern art need to be shocking to be considered worthy?
In your opinion what are the most influential artworks ever created?
What is your favourite medieval painting and why?
Is the concept of "fine" art just a bourgeois concept?
What are examples of famous horse paintings?
Can I post my drawing progress on deviant art?
What's the career choice for artists who can draw and ink well but paint poorly?
Who are the finest amateur artists on Quora?
How is asymmetrical balance studied in art?
Is art necessary? If yes, then why?
What is College Works painting? Are they reliable?
Why are imaginations essential to have creativity in your art?
How do you overcome the fear of drawing?
Do you like the effect of digital simulation of traditional painting?
What's the difference between "bribe" and "fine"?
What is the most overrated piece of art, and why?
Is it easier to control a water brush than a regular water coloring brush?
Is anyone interested to invest in an art gallery in Singapore?
Did Vincent Van Gogh study art?
What art print could complement the Queen Elizabeth II art print by Andy Warhol?
How can I improve my realistic drawings?
Which digital projector for art tracing to choose?
Do you think that governments should give financial support to art galleries?
Why does Mark Rothko's art look so much like wall paint?
What is your experience with incorporation as an artist?
What is the famous art of Japan?
Completed B.E. (instrumentation), but have passion for fine arts and drawing. Can any short certification courses help me build career in fine arts?
If you own a Death-Star, what is the best colour to paint it? If it does not work, can you get a refund?
What are some examples of sad paintings made by famous artists?
Who is the wealthiest painter and what are his/her paintings?
What are some cheap and worth-your-money art colleges?
Do you know who painted this?
What is art printing? What are some examples?
Which films are a must see for visual artists?
What are some of the characteristics of Greet art? How have they influenced modern art?
Can I add turpentine to Dammar varnish for oil painting?
What do you think about modern art?
What did you really like in the artwork?
Why do some people not like paper cut artwork?
Which artist can draw the sexiest women in anime?
Why is Fernando Amorsolo's "Planting Rice" painting so popular?
Should I leave this opportunity of working under a noted artist of all times, who is holder of various prestigious awards?
What do we actually study in arts?
Have you or anyone you know learned how to paint from watching Bob Ross?
Why do we enjoy creating art?
What is the subject of your own artwork?
Who are some of the best fine art photography curators?
Who wants to fill their walls with art that will motivate in the business place, heal in the healthcare place and inspire what we crave?
How do I sell bullshit art for tons of money?
I'm very technically skilled as an artist (drawing, painting & with digital graphics), but I feel I have 0 creativity/inspiration. How do I find it?
What are the most famous paintings by Lucy Culliton?
What are your mainly concerned factors while buying oil paintings online?
What is the most elaborate and, or largest, ice sculpture ever created?
What Dutch masterpieces of art are well-known in Holland?
What are some considerations you should have before starting painting clay sculptures?
What paintings did van Gogh paint in the asylum?
Which place is better for a bachelor’s in fine arts, Dubai or Singapore?
How do I identify a piece of art I saw in the movie “This is 40”?
Is it okay to draw sketches on canvas and paint it afterwards? Or I should go all out painting without sketches?
Is the resultant marbleized paper an art, an art form, or a technique/method?
Who are the top 5 contemporary artists?
Is Lin Manuel Miranda a greater artist than James Cameron?
Can I sell my same artwork on GraphicRiver & iStock or different sites?
Assuming we are all artists on one level or another. How important is the motivation to nurture our ability to draw?
How do I take up art and design after engineering?
Where can I find a detailed history behind various famous sculptures or paintings, like the ones inside the Louvre?
What is the equivalent to human statues, busts, and renaissance paintings permitted or used in Islamic art?
If you had to live inside a painting forever, what painting would you choose?
Should I take fine arts as a main subject with PCB in 11 and 12?
How would you explain art to an alien?
How long is a painting on cardboard likely to last?
What is the name of the movie in which every scene was set up like a classic painting?
Why do artists create still life art? How do they make still life art?
How is the Indian independent art and artists scene in India? By art, I categorically mean designs, psychedelic, doodles, paintings, portraits etc.
Who is the top art collector of photorealism in the United States?
How do I make my art curating Instagram well known?
When did the use of oil paint in fine art begin?
Why do some painters begin a painting with a monochrome sketch using a vibrant or odd color usually not in the finished painting?
What are some ways to seduce you?
What elements are present in agrarian art?
Is it legal to recreate a famous painting?
Are sitcoms considered art?
As an amateur young artist, how do I monetize my art, and enter major galleries in my city?
Which is the best app for painting?
What are some simple yet powerful works of art?
Who is the artist of these images?
Do you think art is a talent or is it something you learn?
How do I balance between practicing drawing and school?
If an artist creates an artwork critical of Trump (like in the details), does he necessarily feel that way, or just think he can sell the art?
What are great examples of art used in marketing?
How do you create art like the ones on DeviantArt?
How are artists who draw/paint different from other people?
Is an oil or acrylic copy of a painting legal in the US?
Where in Mumbai or Thane can I find a large collection of canvas paintings for decorating my home?
Do we have equal right to comment on works of art?
Why would you get a design at TheDigitalTattooShop.com?
Is the painting of a running horse suitable for home ambiance, or not?
Do you view appreciation of art as a spiritual activity?
Why is ridiculous art auctioned at a very high cost?
How relevant is fine art?
What is a ganymed turnstile print of a painting?
If you could only visit one art museum in the world, which one would you choose?
What piece of American art conveys the sense of progression towards optimism that Yaacov Agam’s ‘Pace of Time’ does?
What are some artistic mathematical works?
What's a good way to sell moderately priced art?
Was Ottonian art the most abstract European art prior to the industrial revolution?
I'm studying art, but cannot figure this out. Where do the bangs insert on the head?
Which are the best places to learn professional paintings in Banglore?
How can I get more exposure for my art?
Where are some galleries where I can submit my art in Melbourne?
What makes some works of art "elite"?
What are the benefits of finger painting?
How do I achieve a distinction in art and design level 3?
What do you think of the paintings by Martiros Manoukian? Which are some painters with the same style?
Who are contemporary artists that use string?
Are there are painters, nowadays, that can paint in a renaissance style?
Why does life imitate art more than art imitates life?
Is it true that the real Art Vandelay is an architect?
Do artists have to sell their art cheap when they first start out?
What's the difference between an art job and art career in Los Angeles, CA and how can I find an art job to make a living from rather than a career?
What are some of the great mixed media art pieces?
How does an artist enter his/her first major auction?
Have we reached the end of art?
Are some actors really excellent fighters that master an art?
In painting, which artistic genre is the transition from realism to impressionism?
What are the different types of traditional paintings?
What are some examples of social or cultural critique in art?
What should I draw for my teacher on her birthday? It's tomorrow.
Is photo-realism an art form or an exercise in technical excellence?
Is this artwork suitable to be showcased in a gallery?
What is the importance of art in education, society and life?
What types of art are Escape from New York and Army of Darkness movie posters?
What can I do to get better at language arts?
How could you make an ordinary artwork/painting expensive?
Is there any website or forum that gives painting advice and critique?
Can you comment on the relevance of Kalighat style of painting?
How would you summarize this artwork?
What is a Hellenic sculpture?
Which paint is good on canvass?
What does the art community think of photo realistic paintings?
What can I do to help my daughter excel art and design?
If your child is talented in art, but doesn't wish to pursue it, is it right to keep encouraging them to do art?
How do you produce a sensational art exhibition these days?
Where we could use our artistic skill like hand made drawing?
What do you think about my fine art artwork (at the link below)?
If you were to put one thing into the public domain, what would it be?
Where is the best place to study fine arts in Indonesia?
Does mathematics lack creativity in comparision to art?
Who sees the resemblance between George Washington and the Mona Lisa?
Would you donate your self to the museum of plastic sculpture?
Does the size of an art gallery matter? In particular if it is small. (not tiny though) And how does one maximize or play up the space.
What are Michael Frary's most important art works?
Why do you think there are there so few women artists featured in art history textbooks, collected in art museums or sold in galleries, and such a low percentage of women writers listed in top 100 literary categories?
Is it acceptable to negotiate the price of artwork?
Why is the sculpture of the National Emblem of India important?
Who are the most famous painters of all time, with their work (images) available online?
How does culture affect an artist's artwork?
Should an artist’s political allegiance matter in reference to their art if it is not mentioned?
How do you create art?
Do you know any famous artists who made Halloween art?
Where can I find some easy and unique ideas to do some water painting on paper?
Which is the best option, humanities or agriculture?
Should art be considered a dangerous form of self-expression?
Did Martin Puryear produce sketches or maquettes before making his sculpture "Thicket"? Are there any published drawings of the sculpture?
Does selling your paintings online on various art selling sites help?
Does SAIC teach practicing career artists or does it’s heavily theoretical approach primarily train future curators, critics or professors of art?
How long should a gallery try to sell an artists work for?
Is there any special meaning to the piled rocks you can find in a number of remote spots?
Why do you love painting?
I think I’m a good artist, but nobody is buying my representational watercolor/mixed media art. What can I do to sell my art?
Can you share some of your best Photoshop collage artwork?
What is oil painting?
Can you make a living as a digital fine artist?
What is classical Roman art?
Why would digitally printed glass not be considered art work?
How do you fill negative space?
How valuable is the Mona Lisa?
Which are the world's most beautiful paintings you think everybody should see it once in a lifetime?
What are some examples of hierarchy in art?
Who is an art consultant?
What are the main artistic characteristics of Chola art?
How does Islamic art represent work?
Is digital art easier than traditional drawing and painting?
Are there really good paintings or sculptures made by famous artists in their childhood?
What is an implied texture? What are some examples?
What are the best paintings made by children?
Which art piece is your favourite?
What makes fan art good or bad?
Since I’m learning figure drawing, should I study sculptures to help with anatomy?
How can you tell if your paintings are good?
What are some great art house movies?
How do you make string knotting art?
How is math important in art?
How has religion affected art?
How does a decoupage and a collage differ from each other? How are they used in famous artworks?
Are Thomas Kinkade’s paintings a reflection of reality or is reality a reflection of Thomas Kinkade?
I do a lot of painting on the side. What is some advice for someone with no artistic resume to sell their work? I live and work in NYC.
What piece of art is the most comical?
What are the statements which appreciates an artist?
What does saturation mean in art?
How do you paint a realistic portrait of a non existent person?
What do you like about contemporary art?
What is the best books for entrance exam of fine arts?
Are there careers for artists in the world of trades?
What is Byzantine art famous for?
Where could I find a cross between a sculpture, conceptual art, and licensed toys?
Are there rules in making art?
In art, what does minimalism mean?
What should I choose, music or art (painting)?
What are some drawing strategies to be a better artist?
What kind of joint compound is good for art on drywall?
Is the progress of a society sustained more by the science or the arts?
Is self-expression the primary purpose of art in today’s world?
How much area can a construction painter typically paint in an hour?
How can I improve my cartoony looking art?
What is your favourite examples of food art?
What things influenced the Renaissance arts?
What is meant by modern art?
Are there any music or art related engineering fields?
Is Gangnam Style the greatest work of art so far in the 21st century?
Where can I hire efficient painting contractor in northern beaches?
What are some of the inconsistencies depicted in the painting "The Entombment"?
Now that St. Barts is overrun with jetsetters, where are some other, better places to vacation?
I have artworks "after" great artist. Where can sell it? Who buys this?
I'm sixteen years old and I value art of all forms, history, and human beauty; I have no true direction in my life and I am stumped, what should I do?
What would the mathematical equations of Escher's paintings look like?
Why does black and white art look "different" to art in colour?
What are the methods to detect an art forgery?
For canvas painting which type of colors have to use?
How do I open up new sales channels for fine art?
Should I return to school after moving?
Is Ankgor Wat the greatest art masterpiece of world? Why did Cambodians build it? It must have cost tremendously.
What are Bargue's plates?
How should one get started with practising painting?
Where can I get magnificent painting services in Cronulla?
Do you have a story to share of your experience of magical realism?
Did the great artists start off with bad art and then develop it further, or were they naturally good at art?
How good does your art portfolio have to be to get into a top university?
How do you add personality to a character or an illustration?
Have you ever bought original art photography? If yes, why, how much did you pay for it and did you think it was worth it?
Which art style or artist does each filter in Prisma represent?
Where can I get best quality materials for commercial painting in Cronulla?
What is the fee for getting a copyright for my sculpture in India? Is any document needed from trade marks registry department?
What is the way of applying varnish on acrylic canvas painting?
Is MMA one of the greatest art forms on earth today?
Why can't Indian Govt ask UK to return famous paintings jewels and millions of items that are displayed in South Kensington London?
How do you make this type of painting?
Is Art for Art's sake a silly idea?
What is this orange object in Seurat's "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte"?
What do the three digit code on water colour paints mean?
What art pieces invoke a feeling of relaxation upon viewing?
How much does an Elemore Morgan art (litho) print cost?
What are the best books or articles about "reading" visual art?
What are some tips in composing emails to art galleries?
What is the oldest painting or sculpture that shows a yagnopavitham?
How can I find the artist of an image I found online?
What is the future of art industry with the growing adaptation of virtual reality?
Where is the best place to get a digital picture framed online at a reasonable price?
What are some famous paintings of Paris?
Is there a market for fine arts in India?
Why do classic paintings and sculptures depict men with little penises?
How do I create a proper art studio?
Is it difficult to get your art in Montreal art galleries?
What are some tips on painting an artwork?
What are some amazing facts about the painting Monalisa?
Why would someone have a photorealistic painting of the Twin Towers burning hanging in their Manhattan office?
What are some facts about "The Scream" painting by Picasso?
What is mystery with the famous painting " Christina's world"?
What is your most loved tool for writing/drawing/painting?
Why do people pay insane amounts to buy art works?
What are some of the most important and famous Brazilian paintings?
What do you think about Wagner's quest for the total work of art?
What is the use of learning digital painting?
What image depicts breathing abstractly?
Where can I get superb quality workmanship for commercial painting in northern beaches?
How has Roman art influenced today's society?
Is copying old blue prints illegal?
Who painted this piece of art?
What are some examples of great art series ideas?
What are the most prestigious art forms ranked from highest to lowest?
Where is the art market for expressionism / abstract expressionism focused? How do you get in?
What lawsuits does Uber currently have with Taxi drivers?
How does one create a small sculpture of gold?
Which style would you pick for your own portrait to keep for further generations?
How do I learn Kintsugi art?
Is there an art or painting style that corresponds to the cosmic horror / Lovecraftian horror genre?
Where can I get very professional painting job in Cronulla?
Some Rothko paintings have significantly changed colour over time. Why are they not now considered worthless?
Is there any art company who deals with art on furniture?
Where can I better pressure washing service prior to painting in Cronulla?
Are there any short Fine Art courses that can be pursued along with my medicine course?
What piece of art did you understand long after you studied about it?
Is there a middle ground between design and art?
What are the Black Paintings about?
What does Rene Magritte's painting "Decalcomania" mean?
How do I create something that will stand up to the test of time?
How can I make money as a muralist?
What is the difference between cute/pretty/gorgeous?
Which is best paper for charcoal and graphite sketching?
Which is the best college for Fine Arts in pune?
What did most Roman Art consist of?
What are commercial art buyers really looking for?
How do I legally obtain artwork reproductions rights for making prints of paintings?
Where can I get superior quality workmanship for home painting at competitive prices in Cronulla?
How succesful does an aspiring artist end up being?
What are some popular juried sculpture shows in Chicago?
How can I know a painting was not plagiarized or inspired from another painting in order to make it more profitable or to express a better refinement?
How can I buy licensed art to use for products?
Where can I find a good art buddy to check in with my art progress?
What is the meaning of "hegre art"?
What is the significance of Pablo Picasso's "The Roaster" painting?
Where can I get high quality painting work at competitive rates in Cronulla?
Are there any books out there that teach a person in general how to design?
What is the best free app for home exterior painting?
What are some good airbrush paints for fine art paintings on canvas?
What does the term "idealistic art" mean?
How does Banksy make his paintings?
Who painted this?
What is the meaning of the Mona Lisa painting?
What does hasty artwork mean?
Where can I get a mid-15th century painting appraised?
How did Vincent Van Gogh became famous?
Are there any Fine Art Co-work spaces in Southern California?
How could I find an artist or a painter to cooperate on a board game project?
Should I study art or programming?
How do people who have majored in fine arts make a living? What are their career choices?
As an established but unknown artist, what New York galleries are the best to approach right now?
What is the best book about modern art and contemporary art?
How can I keep paper from warping when painting with watercolors?
Who is available for showcasing INNOVATIVE Art on 8/16/16 in LA?
Do you see sex as an Art?
What are some of the career options in the US for students currently pursuing Political Science from Delhi University (DU) in India?
Is buying fine art paintings online safe?
Where can I get superior painting techniques for house painting in Cronulla?
What are some art forms that could be created completely on a laptop that I could learn reasonably well within 6 months?
Who were the instructors that taught at the Academy of fine arts Vienna in 1878?
What impact an art magazine can have on the art/artists in a city?
What do you think about this quest for the total work of art?
What function does the Rangoli art perform?
Where can I get top quality industrial and commercial painting work in Cronulla?
Where could I see Lisa Yustavage's painting in New York now?
Which are the most creative park and public places benches in your city?
Generally speaking what substrate for artworks tends to last longer?
Why is Banksy the only famous graffiti artist?
How do I get permission to sell original art based on licensed characters?
What kind of art can I submit on deviantart?
How can I appreciate art?
What is the best way to show nude art on social media and internet? As large audience as possible and as little censorship as possible.
How can I get my artwork into a museum?
How do people in the fields of art view themselves? Do they see other people in the same manner?
Where do app makers get their art work?
What is the meaning of "where art thou"?
How do you start to build a drawing and painting app as a software-as-a-service?
If the subject of your painting was an ugly person, would that amount to an ugly piece of art?
What would a modern painting of a shogun look like?
What are the best selling art-of books?
Does anyone recognize this woman?
How thick are posterboards and how long do they hold up?
If art is a format of expression which piece of art would you think sums you up best?
Why is it recommend to sketch on canvas before painting?
Suppose you agree that Michelangelo’s David and a Van Gogh’s self-portrait are beautiful; do such beauties have something in common?
What are the most beautiful sketches, drawings or paintings you have ever drawn?
What are the ways to paint a plaster sculpture?
What's the best piece of art to analyze for hidden clues about its context?
When applying gesso on wood or canvas to prepare your ground, is it vital to sand it afterwards or is it just a preference many people have?
How do convince someone to buy a painting?
How can I build an ice sculpture isle of a horse?
What is the relationship between war and art?
Is it offensive for a toy store to sell an Indian headdress?
Would anyone mind critiquing one of these paintings?
Is cradled foam core frame a good idea for hanging artwork on the wall?
How can a visual artist be known on national and international stage in India?
How can we distinguish the art industry from the entertainment industry?
Who is the artist of this painting? Also what is the value of the painting?
Is it good for children to learn painting?
How should I prepare for ECA quota painting?
What is your favorite Impressionist painting and why?
What do you think about my painting ?
What are some examples of non-representational art?
Is artzyme.com authentic? I am going to sell my artwork there, Is it safe?
What is the dearest painting in the world and why?
What are some of the lamest examples of "Modern Art"?
Where do you get reference photos to paint your landscapes from?
What method of printing / style of art is this? Is it printed on metal, foil-stamped, or other?
What exactly is art and what exactly is fine art?
Can you please critique my art?
How do you convince someone to buy a painting?
What does the medium of a painting refer to?
If I add fine arts in my best four will any marks be deducted?
What are the similarities in the culture of Kerala and Tamil Nadu?
What is so beautiful about art?
What are some beautiful works of art that are related to concepts of the natural sciences or mathematics?
Can you suggest me a good book on perspective that covers the human body and not only objects or landscapes?
I have this painting here and i cant seem to find any results on the internet about the painting? Does anyone know anything about this painting?
I want to sell my paintings and sketch works online. I am from India. I am a student. Which are the best and real Indian sites to sell my art works?
How do you interpret this artwork?
What are some ways to describe a painting?
How are the letters A,B, D,O, E dealt with at the 9/11 memorial, as they are lasercut and will always leave a hole?
What is the purpose of a "still-life" painting?
Am I supposed to share my art with my parents/relatives?
How do you smooth a wax sculpture?
How stable is MDF Wood?
What brands of archival drawing paper (besides the archival types of "Strathmore") could you suggest?
Why do art dealers look at paintings with UV light?
What are some aesthetic fonts?
What is best art print POD service?
Where can I find the inspiration and motivation to create unique works of art for my portfolio?
How realistic is orientalist art?
How should I take care of a painting - oil on canvas which is painted by popular artist in 1960s?
What are some creative ways to fund your own art projects?
Which brands of high quality black fine-liners or pigment ink pens could you suggest?
Do you like painting or watching painting works of others?
Is online fine arts course helpful in learning and gaining knowledge?
Why is looking at my art and someone else's different?
Have you ever painted fine art on a chinese wood box? How did it hold up?
Is this original art?
What is the best way to seal an acrylic painting?
What are some benefits of painting?
What famous works of art feature an unusual shade of green?
I broke an important contemporary art piece at a collectors house. What should I do?
What are some innovative works of art?
How hard is it to monetize art for something reasonable like 100 dollars a painting without a degree in fine arts?
Where can I get exceptional experience for domestic painting in Maroubra?
Is there a bad contemporary Art?
What does "sell out to the establishment" really mean in the art world?
Is anyone else getting tingles watching Bob Ross?
Know anything about the painting "the young huntresses"?
Where can I get wide range of services for commercial painting in Hurstville?
Where can I get more ideas and better solutions for house painting in Maroubra?
Where can I get excellent quality services for residential and commercial painting in Chatswood?
Where can I found reliable painters and decorators in Warwickshire?
How can I understand a Jackson Pollock painting?
Am a 28 years old MBA marketer with five years of experience. I wish to study fine arts. Which level and type of course should I opt for?
Which similarity can you detect between this photo and the painting by Francisco de Goya?
Are painting self-portraits narcissistic? I am avoiding painting myself.
Why is the painting "The Raft of Medusa" important?
Why are artists willing to spend 6 dollars on a single stock picture of a model posing when the web has billions of images for inspiration already?
What does the painting "American Progress" represent?
How can you explore your potential in a particular art/craft?
Do some of the artist pigments come from stones (either regular stones or semi precious)?
What are the things I need to do for the exhibition of my paintings?
How can I get an estimate for my house painting?
What photographers are famous for their pictures of flowers?
Where can I get an effective quality service for commercial painting in Hurstville?
What are your opinion about the paintings below?
What are some facts about the artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser?
Which is the anatomy book where people pull up their skin?
Where can I hire full service painting contractors in Chatswood?
What does "rendering" and "model-making" mean exactly in the context of design?
Why is art speak so prevalent in the art world?
What is one book on Art/Art history/Artists that covers almost everything and is a must have for someone who's passionate about Art in general?
Where can I hire fully trained painting contractor in Chatswood?
What is the difference between coating and painting? Are there any similarities?
What do I need to do if I'm interested in fine arts but I don't want it as a profession? All I want is to earn from my hobby.
Is there a market for micro art?
How can I become a CG artist?
Is it a bad thing that I adapt my art subjects rather in a foreign style and less appreciation as that of my own country? (especially in realism)
What is this fantastic painting called?
What are some fine art classes to take in college?
How is painting important?
Why can't artist be public about their relationships?
During which Art Period was art and artists most appreciated?
Where can I get wide range of services for domestic painting in Maroubra?
What's academic training in painting like?
What is tole painting?
Who started art? What impact has this made on modern current society?
What are some unbelievably amazing paintings which I won't understand at once?
Why is depression and sorrow romanticized in art, music and philosophy?
Why isn't there more public art?
What do you think of my first art work for someone who's never taken a class?
What is the art style of this frame?
How do I study art history from scratch?
What are some tips for designing a protagonist character for a comic or a video game?
How can you create art on a computer?
How does art reflect history?
What are some online painting service providers?
Does a fine art photographer owe a commission to a gallery with which he is affiliated for photographs sold directly from his website?
What is a good approach to collecting art for a beginner?
Why is it that sometimes when I'm not paying attention I can create the most gorgeous piece of art but when I try again I always fail?
What elements are unique to Roman Art?
What are planometric drawings and what are they used for?
What is the painting by Pablo Picasso "Guernica" named for?
What should I do with my Fine Arts degree?
Where can I found efficient home painting contractors in Chatswood?
Which are best paintings for home decoration?
Where can I hire more dedicated painting contractors in Maroubra?
What is an ideal color for painting kitchen?
Do you find the XXI century graphically boring compared to the previous decades?
Is it typical for fans of a game to be impressed enough with the artwork to want to own it on its own?
Where can I get creative solutions for domestic painting in Maroubra?
How can you associate art?
Artistically speaking, how would a black and white version of Mad Max: Fury Road change the movie?
Where can I get digital versions of fine art pieces?
What features in Krita do digital painters like the most?
Is controversy better than pure art?
How can you make over $200,000.00 as a fine artist?
How has the art market changed?
I want to create a web platform for consumers to get matched with local companies for a variety of services (roof repair, painting, etc.). Good idea?
What are some good resources/free courses for beginners in drawing?
Why the revolutions of 1830 are considered to be romantic?
Where can I get affordable house painting & exterior house painting services in Maroubra?
Why are there not many plaster sculpture in Asia?
Is it important to go in isolation, for becoming an artist (fine artist)?
What are some things that an artist use?
What specific games employ an abstract geometric art style, preferably in 3D?
Does inspiration exist in art or religious writing or any other human endeavor? What is it?
What is stained glass painting?
Can I take Art in IB but still choose science stream?
Is it a good idea to invest in Iranian art right now (2016)?
What were the paintings of William Blake were based on?
What are some of the best oil paintings to hang on the walls of home?
What is one book on Art/Art history/Artists that covers almost everything and is a must have for someone who's passionate about Art in general?
How many paintings did Modigliani produce?
Why isn't there more public art?
Why do some random pictures and paintings have high sale value?
I am a graduate from fine arts (applied arts) so what are the scope for me in magazines?
What are the different types of drawing styles?
Do you like caricature paintings?
Artistically speaking, how would a black and white version of Mad Max: Fury Road change the movie?
Can I make and sell a sculpture inspired by an illustration without breaking any laws?
Are there any tutorials on how to digitally paint "night vision style" environments?
What kind of art style is this?
Is it always necessary to use fresh milk to make curds for casein paint, or can you use powdered milk with dried lime powder as well?
What can artists and designers make with this new opalescent nanoparticle plastic?
Where can I get digital versions of fine art pieces?
Is anyone else getting tingles watching Bob Ross?
Where are some good places online to sell art?
What happened to the Night Gallery paintings?
What is the first film that you saw that made you appreciate cinema as an art form?
What is negative space in sculpture? What are some examples?
How do you remove old varnish from an oil painting?
Do you know any artist like Chet Faker?
Do you prefer photographs over other visual art such as painting or drawing? Can you say why?
What great painting would you buy if you had $100 million to spend and could only spend it on one painting?
Who is the woman in this picture?
Will the ECA trials for fine arts in DU be centralised?
When listing photographs for sale, should the dimensions include the border itself or solely the image?
How many paintings did Claude Monet paint?
How do fauvism and cubism differ?
Where can I get experienced painters in Sydney who can provides utmost care & meet our entire painting requirement?
How can I turn an idea of a painting into reality?
What are the names of the books about harmony and contrast?
Who is the Roger Ebert of Arts?
Why is the Roman art important today?
Why is depression and sorrow romanticized in art, music and philosophy?
What’s a great website or app to sell large Art pieces locally?
Where can I find an Art and Handicraft store near Bhandup, Mumbai?
What are some good artworks in Ilonggos?
Do you have a collection of memorabilia relating to your favorite period in history?
How does art reflect history?
Are there job or career options available for an artist that wants to make art based on quotes, lyrics, poems, or some form of text?
How does one start a creative hobby?
Can you share an artwork that you have created that you are most proud of and why?
Have you done any recent finger painting?
Where can I buy Basohli art paintings in Jammu?
What is the best place to have quality art prints made? (I don't own a scanner)
Am a 28 years old MBA marketer with five years of experience. I wish to study fine arts. Which level and type of course should I opt for?
How is the worth of abstract paintings determined?
Have you ever painted a painting with cement colour paints? Do you know how long they are likely to last indoors?
How can you explore your potential in a particular art/craft?
What does the Sphere within Sphere sculpture mean?
What are the revenue and audience numbers of leading online galleries like Saatchi Online and Artspace?
Where can I get a custom gilt-bronze architectural model made?
What photographers are famous for their pictures of flowers?
Can someone help me identify and/or appraise these paintings?
Where can I study fine art or find a pathway?
Are pressure treated woods suitable for making paintings?
What is the difference between impasto and fresco painting?
Has anyone ever done a fine art painting with both craft paint and artist paint?
Would you agree the label of artist should be limited to those who only make visual art, as opposed to musicians and pop stars being labeled as such?
Why can't artist be public about their relationships?
Where can I get an opinion for the profitableness of an art idea?
What's academic training in painting like?
I am a Fashion Design student. Is it worth moving to South Korea after graduating?
How is the Government College of Fine Arts, Chennai?
What are the point of inspiration in art and science from Indus valley civilization to modern India?
What contributions did Andy Warhol make to the art scene during his time?
What is the art style of this frame?
How do I find sculpture buyers internationally?
How can I do better?
Can I add fine arts in calculating BOF for BA prog. for admission in DU?
Where can I get a memorable & friendly painting experience in Brisbane?
Artists: how many paintings do you make per week?
How can you associate art?
What is defined as "medium" in art?
Say I produce a painting with a person with a branded bag. Provocatively, a prostitute with a branded bag. Can I potentially get sued by that co.?
What is the best software for a beginner artist - 3D and landscape painting?
How can I become best at abstract painting? Also how can I start as a professional artist?
My neighbour’s son wants to pursue Post Graduation in Fine Arts either in India or outsid. Any recommendation?
Which is better BHU or DU for commerce and arts?
What are some famous artists who draw eyes in pencil?
What are some good resources/free courses for beginners in drawing?
Which are the most famous paintings ever?
Why do some artists do photo realistic painting which a camera can do?
What is the meaning of "hierarchical scale" in art?
Know anything about the painting "the young huntresses"?
How can you do rock art paving?
How did you figure out what kind of art you like?
What can I use to make textured paste for paintings?
Do some of the artist pigments come from stones (either regular stones or semi precious)?
How good are The Art Institutes?
When you have images for sale, which are numbered editions - e.g. 1 of 25 - how does that work exactly?
When did the concept of art gallery start in hyderabad?
What are some facts about the artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser?
Was William Morris a socialist?
What is the coolest piece or book of concept art you've come across?
How do Chinese medieval paintings compare to European ones of that time?
Who is the artist wayne leal?
As a photographer, how do art galleries find your work?
Can you do fresco paintings on wood or canvas?
Can I seal wood with matte fluid medium?
Is there any advantage to making miniature paintings exclusively?
What is tole painting?
How can I make stencils for wall painting at home?
How do I study art history from scratch?
Is it possible to have art as a side job?
Do Ivan Aivazovsky's paintings go on tour? If so, where can I find out where they are?
Who's responsible for installation/setup of electronics in art installations? Or interactive displays at galleries/museums?
Would buying a piece of art from a Russian artist (Lyubasha Maximenko) be an asset, as she is popular in Russia and has started selling in the UK?
What is a good and inexpensive lighting setup I can purchase for photographing my art?
Why has art become more realistic over time?
Where can I get complete painting and contracting service for domestic & commercial painting in Pune?
How do you get useful, actionable critique on your art from ordinary people?
Who made this work of art?
What are some alternatives for gesso?
Where can I get most professional painting services in Baulkham Hills?
What do you call it when the audience confuses an artist for their art?
How does simulated texture art and actual texture in art differ?
Can baking soda crack and peel of a substrate?
Where can I take painting classes in Toronto?
What is the painting technique that makes eyes appear to follow the viewer?
What are some 21st century art styles?
Are there any decent alternatives to giclee prints?
What are the best art programs for PC?
What other issues can painting on unprimed wood have other than aging a bit quicker than primed ones?
What are some fine art classes?
What's the meaning of the short film series Don't Hug me I'm Scared?
What is contemprary art?
Why is it so difficult to find a buyer for handmade art?
How can I prepare myself into critically analysing artwork?
Is art just technology?
What is the best advice for a new artist trying to sell their work?
Why will nobody commission my artwork?
What elements defined Ottoman's art? What were some of his techniques?
Where can I get air brushing training?
How does photographer Joel Peter Witkin avoid being accused of desecration of a corpse?
What makes thread a good material for art?
Where can I find art market data and analytics?
What is it like to be an art collector?
Artists: what do you think of artworks done with paper?
What is name of this style of art and how is it made?
What are things considered as art?
Is FolkArt our only option for metallic paints?
What do I need to start oil painting?
How do I maximize the profit I make on selling my drawings?
What were expressionist painters trying to demonstrate?
I am having trouble choosing what career I want. What should I do?
What are some good artists / artwork for the theme "together and/or apart"?
When it comes to collage art with colored paper. Do you prefer glossy or matte?
What is the best way to create a 3d model from photos?
What are some types of lines in art?
Should I keep on trying to make digital art my life career even though I’m not that good?
What are the types of balance in art?
Where are Lithographs and screenprints produced?
How has art changed?
What makes Yves Klein's monochrome paintings special, considering that Malevich did that long before him?
Most art historians I know have an attitude akin to connoisseurship regarding art. How do I develop this kind of familiarity with the topic?
Which are some sites in India where I can sell my paintings without any charge?
Where can I get only the best quality paints for office painting in Baulkham Hills?
What is Van Gogh's “Starry Night”?
What is your advice to artists hoping to be recognized and valued by the current art market which seems impenetrable and arbitrary?
Can anyone give tips to keep in mind while drawing facial expressions?
What does it mean to encase something in relation to art?
Can the viewpoint of a painting be determined without knowing the location of the painter?
Can I call a print (photography) limited edition if it was printed on T-shirts before (with slight design changes like adding text over it)?
Would American education be better off if high schools diverted significant resources away from athletics and toward fine arts?
Why do people prefer paintings done with the pallette knife? Don't they look too abstract?
I am looking for Digital screen/frame to display paintings on a wall. Is there a reasonably priced device for that purpose?
How do you turn an art collection into an arts foundation? (In USA)
Has much work been done in co-authoring analysis to help identify collaborative research?
Is there separate cut off for science and arts stream at JJ school of arts if one wishes to pursue a degree of fine arts there?
I look at painting and say it looks cool, does that make me an art critic?
How does Nepali painting promote national identity?
What are some of the top Arts news websites?
Can I sell fan art of myself?
What constitutes true "art"?
What are your "top three" art forms? Explain the reasons for your order of preference.
Where can I sell art? And do I need any kind of license? I am 13.
If I laminate my artworks will that make them last longer?
Should I pursue a career in Manga drawing or Realistic drawing? What would be better?
Artists: Can you give me some info regarding gesso? Read description please first.
I need good quality paintings. Can anyone tell me some good online portals for the same?
Was empirical perspective intentionally wrong?
I'm an 11th grade ISC Arts student. How should I study to score 95%?
What is it like to be an art dealer?
What kind of courses do art schools have?
I am a new artist in watercolor and digital. I have some finished artworks and I want to sell it. What is the best place for beginners like me?
Which book is best for preparation for fine arts in class12?
I would like to pursue a course in fine arts (preferably of duration 1 year or less) in India. What are my options?
How do I find the name of a work of art, when it's not titled?
How can I learn Landscape painting?
What does gloss medium have in it?
Did you ever have to restore a painting you bought due to fading of some sort? Did you find it easy to restore?
What is Artist card? What is its significance and types?
Why do people like art school?
Does art therapy have positive affects on mental health?
How long do city maps last as color and material?
When artists advise to practice every day, how and what do they mean?
What are some great art stories?
Are there any glue paintings old or new that you like?
What are the disadvantages of mixed media art?
How is money laundering done through art?
What are the characteristics of monotone art?
Why is painting considered art? What can paintings do?
How can I overcome self-doubt in my creative abilities while making art for a client?
What do you think of the quality of glossy coloured papers for collage art?
Is a statue the very same object as the statue-shaped hunk of stone located in the same place?
Where I can sell handcrafted gifts, Like attached few?
How can I use my art skills for programming?
How do form and content relate to create unity in artwork?
Applied art or architecture what is the best?
Does this top shape make the text seem bigger or more visible?
How can I get art degree in India?
Why do a lot of blogs split up their articles into galleries?
What are the disadvantages of mixed media in art?
Would this be considered illegal?
If I help clients in investing their money in art market, that is managing their art portfolio, would I be called art consultant or something else?
What is the minimum picture size/quality for outdoor signs?
What is an art of listening?
Can beading or beadwork be considered art?
Where can I make quality posters of a piece of artwork?
What are some good fine art printers for paper and canvas for individual artists?
Why don't people choose a career in fine arts?
Can fine arts contribute to India's GDP?
What are some semi-realistic art styles other than those in western nations and Japan?
How do i feel a visual art?
What is the best place to buy artist prints online?
what style of art is this?
What is the aesthetic theory of art?
Should I study Fine Art or Philosophy & Religion at University?
Is it true that everything is not achievable by everyone even after working hard?
Who is your favorite artist of the last 16 years?
What are some nice Art & Craft courses for kids?
Why is it called Art Basel?
What does it mean when I cannot find the fraction of a print?
How good is the quality of walmart's prints of Photos and paintings. Has anyone tried?
Why do so many people take offense to creatives who enjoy their work?
Why didn’t basic “high fidelity” drawing and painting techniques appear for so long after the technology required to realize them became available?
What is this art style?
Is matte medium strong enough to glue toothpicks on canvas?
What is deconstructive art?
Other than giclee prints of your art do you also make posters for people who would like to buy your art at an even lower price point?
How do you make a painting look more realistic/with more depth?
Which famous pieces of art might very well be a forgery?
What is the relationship between art and mathematics?
What is the meaning of "sculptural composition"?
Do you think that I can sell a print of this image I made?
Are these canvases decent or crappy?
Why did Picasso paintings have distorted faces?
Why do acrylic and oil paintings cost more than watercolor paintings?
Does staples make fine art prints?
Where can an engineering graduate learn art in post graduate level in India? Which are the best colleges available?
What is the famous work of Guillermo Tolentino? What was his painting style?
Artist drew fan art of me, said it was ok to sell it, once I started she said we have to pay $200 for rights. What can I do?
What do people generally and specifically study in drawing?
How do I know if someone is a good photographer and not just someone with an expensive camera?
Can principles in 3D gel electrophoresis be used in art to create 3D figure inside a gel matrix?
What should be considered when choosing a frame for a painting or print?
What is a good strong and permanent durable acid free adhesive that would hold small glass beads on canvas?
I am really good in making charcoal and graphite portraits of people. What is the best way to turn this skill into profession?
Which is the best Contemporary art gallery in Hong Kong.?
How does Sudev Gs learned to draw on his own?
How can I refine my sketching skills online?
Do you have to have a high IQ to be a good artist?
Is it considered "cheating" in art if I use another artist's anatomical pose as a reference for my own drawing?
What are your experiences with live fine art painting at events?
Why didn’t great painters of the past reach the level of realism achieved today by many artists?
What are the best paintings that you have admired?
How can I make my own handmade paper last?
When you hang art for display, what are you trying to accomplish?
What are some alternatives to airbrush medium?
Does fine arts has a better scope for boys?
Would you agree that some of the best works of art are done by children, rather than so-called trained artists, and the opposite as well?
How was non-representational art developed?
What are some examples of Roman Art forms?
What are the differences between 'experiencing a role', 'art of representation', 'mechanical acting', 'amateurish overacting', 'exploitation of art'?
What are some career path that involve Art/Digital Art/ Drawing?
Do the original Matisse cut outs still exist, or have they already faded?
What are the steps to painting a car with a show worthy paintjob from bare metal?
I study history of art. What can I apply from art to photography?
Can this money launching scheme be done? Read below (continued in comments)
What are the basic materials required for a beginner to start oil painting?
Have you used the website Artplode to sell your artwork?
Who are the most influential American artists in China?
What are some of the most iconic Picasso paintings?
Are there in the Bible stories about living or talking or animated or ex-living-people statues (apart from Lot's wife)?
If Daffy Duck won the USA presidency as a write in candidate, who would actually be the president - his animator, his voice actor, or his creator?
Is there any similarity between art and entrepreneurship?
Can I sell posters instead of giclee prints for my digital paintings, and the originals of my canvas painting or would one devalue the other?
Can I legally sell paintings of dead artists who passed away more than 60 years? From where can I read the laws of this copyrights?
In which subject after 12th digital art comes?
What is so bad about naive art?
Are there any occasional art workshops in India which certify you to organise or teach art to children? I m a medical student not fine arts
Scientists: How do the humanities and arts influence / inspire your pursuit of knowledge?
Could anyone suggest good arclyic painting classes for Adults in Bangalore?
What is the future of the framing and art industry?
Would you take the time to make a piece of art even if it doesn't last too long. Like say, A Collage from colored silk scarves?
Which is the most famous art movie in india?
Is it ok to use found wood from broken drawers for my paintings?
What would you recommend I do if I want to study fine arts, but on my own and not through an institute or online courses?
Why do people like art school?
How long do city maps last as color and material?
Is wax paper archival?
Where can I watch theater plays on the internet?
Why are there no more paintings like there used to be?
How do I sell a very expensive unique artwork?
Is there any landscape that you like that has red sky and purple mountains? Do you happen to know why the artist chose these specific colors for it?
What are some great art stories?
Are there any glue paintings old or new that you like?
How do I make my quilled work famous?
For locals have you tried selling your artworks through classified sites and magazines or newspapers ads? How did that go?
If you are a person who hates art (all types of art), can you explain why?
How can I overcome self-doubt in my creative abilities while making art for a client?
What are some cool doodling ideas?
Why is art so powerful? What is the impact of art?
Do you know leviticus the street artist?
How do art experts decide how good an art work is?
Are there places online where artists can sell their drawings/paintings?
I'm an amateur artist and I would like to publish some of my art. Where should I go?
Do you need to draw skeletons and muscles to learn to draw anatomy properly?
Do you like art that has a story/ intent behind it, or do you prefer a pretty picture without any explanation?
Who are the most important active painters and sculptors today (2016)?
Would it be in "ill taste" to use one of Hitler's paintings for an album cover?
Can machines create art?
What is some beautiful art you have made?
What are some new artistic techniques you use to enhance your artwork or photography?
what style of art is this?
Do other animals make visual art or music? (What is art?)
Are these shapes unorthodox and unpleasant to eyes?
What do people think of John Wayne Gacy As an artist?
Why do so many people take offense to creatives who enjoy their work?
Does milk paint have any disadvantages artistically wise?
In what way do artworks express thoughts?
How do you make a painting look more realistic/with more depth?
What are some good ideas for art projects?
Are these canvases decent or crappy?
Is my art worth buying...if anyone would buy it,at what price they should?
Are there good boards on Pinterest that focus on great contemporary painting and sculpture?
Where can an engineering graduate learn art in post graduate level in India? Which are the best colleges available?
How much can I sell a Bob Ross style painting for?
How are paintings scanned without giving harm to them?
What is the famous work of Guillermo Tolentino? What was his painting style?
Do you sell prints ONLY after the original art is sold?
How many are employed worldwide in the fine arts industry?
I am working in IT company , so cannot go for full term course of Fine arts. Can anyone tell me, best institution for diploma in Fine arts in Delhi ?
What changes have been made in the Mona Lisa by past restorers?
Which MBTI personality type is most likely to buy art?
What is a good strong and permanent durable acid free adhesive that would hold small glass beads on canvas?
Want to know artists who illustrated the 5 elements (air, water, fire, earth, space ) in their paintings?
What are signs someone is highly creative?
CALLING ALL ARTISTS What would you mark this artwork? URGENT! OUT OF 20. This is an appropriation inspired by the artist Brett Whiteley
How can I refine my sketching skills online?
What is the methodology for painting walls?
What are some amazing works of art done by children under 12 years of age?
Is Christopher Nolan the 'Elon Musk' of film?
What awesome Game of Thrones fan art have people come across?
Other than deacidification products is there anything anti lignin?
What is concept art?
How do I get rid of crease on paper?
Art has always been my passion, how do I make it my profession if I do not have any certificates or degrees about it?
Is there a site that keeps track of art challenges?
What is the difference in workshops for drawing and painting on newmastersacademy.org and conceptart.org?
What is the hardest part of sell art online?
Can music and art not express anything – just be?
How do you feel when you don't resonate with an artist's story/statement? Would you still like the art anyway, or does it turn you off?
How can I make my own handmade paper last?
Do you mind sharing some of your own paintings with meaning?
What are the biggest marketplaces to sell own art online?
What is most time-consuming for a painter, except making art?
What are some alternatives to airbrush medium?
Can I write nios sr.secondary painting exam after three years of gap?
How long do UV resistant varnishes last and how long do they extend the life of a painting?
What kind of art style is the image below?
Would you agree that some of the best works of art are done by children, rather than so-called trained artists, and the opposite as well?
What does it mean: In this drawing the initial sketch in black chalk is finished with large wash in order to model the figure?
What are some online art competitions where I can submit my artwork?
What are the differences between 'experiencing a role', 'art of representation', 'mechanical acting', 'amateurish overacting', 'exploitation of art'?
What are some career path that involve Art/Digital Art/ Drawing?
What else do I need to add to skimmed milk powder besides dried lime powder and pigment to make milk paint for paintings?
Do the original Matisse cut outs still exist, or have they already faded?
I'm an artist but I do it in spare time and I'm sick of my relatives/friends which want me to draw for them (free) it's not worthy how can I refuse?
What is idealism in art?
What are some weird abstract artworks from old master?
What is a list of Master degree programs related to art. Fine arts is too broad. What are more specific degrees?
Which Mughal miniature painting become your favourite?
If there was one picture or painting to portray humanity as a whole, what would it be?
Would I seem too desperate if I sold my paintings for $5 to $10 each?
What kind of value can I get from a Byron Burford painting? Byron Burford was an artist who painted people and things from the circus.
Why and how is art so deeply intertwined with math?
Why has Dansaekhwa (Korean minimalist painting) achieved a great deal of attention recently?
In which subject after 12th digital art comes?
What is science of art and art of science?
Scientists: How do the humanities and arts influence / inspire your pursuit of knowledge?
Do you always use archival materials in your artworks? Or do you use any material available at the moment?
Could anyone suggest good arclyic painting classes for Adults in Bangalore?
What would you recommend I do if I want to study fine arts, but on my own and not through an institute or online courses?
Does anyone recognize this artist named Kersting?
Is it is good to take art with maths?
Is it possible to make a 3D design of the innovative Save-Paste toothpaste? If yes, then how? Please see the details.
Are there any success stories about artists using craft paints for their artworks, or did they have the cracking issues that pollock and others did?
Why are there no more paintings like there used to be?
How can you recognize Baroque art?
How do I sell a very expensive unique artwork?
What was the impact made by Michelangelo and his works?
How long would it take the Mona Lisa painting to disintegrate naturally?
How do I make my quilled work famous?
Which drawing or painting according to you represents the human form in utmost beauty?
Which types of visual art use craft acrylics?
What can mastered in 3 years?
If I were to invest in a new art gallery as an angel investor would I make any money?
Why has Damien Hirst opened the Newport Street Gallery?
Does a degree in fine arts give me any advantage if I want to get into the gaming industry?
What is the job scope after doing fine arts?
Do you know leviticus the street artist?
Should I start writing stories aside of doing art?
What is the art of asking, instead of telling?
Are the record label executives pushing rap artists to produce albums with lyrics that celebrates violence, drugs, and misogyny?
How do I make sure my oil painting doesn't get destroyed?
How do I buy fine art?
Would it be in "ill taste" to use one of Hitler's paintings for an album cover?
How do I fund my education at School of the art institute of Chicago?
To what extent do you think art and politic mix?
How do I make a dry leaves art?
Why do some artists use construction paper to do their collage art?
Why art is getting furnished?
Who uses an Appraiser when insuring Fine Art?
If an artist painted portraits today as good as Rembrandt, would they be recognised?
Do artists have to explain the reasoning behind contemporary art installations?
What are the most significant Art fair of 2016?
What are some good watercolor painting software?
How does an artist make art which is accepted by the art market without being influenced by it?
Why do eyes in a painting seem to follow you?
Is Kassel more art related than other cities in Germany?
Art collectors, why do you buy art? What makes you want to buy art? What stops you from buying art?
Should I show an Indian God sculpture to my Indian doctor in the US to see if he wants it?
As an artist, what's your ideal studio environment in terms of spatial qualities?
Should I sign my paintings?
What are some interesting facts about the Frick Collection?
How did early cave paintings last that long? What paint is that?
Are these shapes unorthodox and unpleasant to eyes?
Do you like collage art or just plain old painting?
Does milk paint have any disadvantages artistically wise?
How do I buy art online?
What does, "drawing is painting, and painting is drawing" mean?
How did Giotto's paintings differ from other painters from medieval Europe?
Collage artists: what kinds of papers do you use for your collage art? And how resistant arre they to fading?
Can anything be art?
How do I use soft pastels (chalk pastels) on canvas? How do I preserve the resultant painting?
How can I transfer my skills as a traditional artist to digital art?
What are some non traditional tools that could create successful and lasting artworks?
What's the name of this type of art ?
What was Andy Goldsworthy's first sculpture?
Is my art worth buying...if anyone would buy it,at what price they should?
How can I study Visual Art Online for Free?
Is contemporary art the quest for creating something that cannot be explained with current language?
What style of art is this image ?
What are some alternatives to gel mediums that one could use as an archival glue for collage?
What are considered key features of Renaissance paintings?
Do we know anything about Miss Bowles as in Gainsbrough's portrait painting or of what he became?
How many works must a person create to be considered an artist?
Is Monalisa painting overrated?
What're some principles for drawing Fine art?
Is it important to keep a signature look or style in art? Like sticking to one style only?
What application is used to create icons like these?
How do you use white glue as a gel medium substitute?
Can I master the sketching techniques of Scott Robertson in 3 months by practicing for 5 hours everyday?
Why do we try to define art?
Have you ever heard stories of an older, middle aged, artist breaking into the art world as a talented newcomer?
What is the process of experimentation in art?
What is the methodology for painting walls?
I am a beginning artist with a problem involving a friend and a commission. I need advice. See details below.
Do only historical paintings sell at huge prices, or do art work/paintings created by an artist of today also sell at high prices?
What are some amazing works of art done by children under 12 years of age?
What is meant by "the subject of a painting"?
How did Neoplatonism influence Michelangelo?
Is television art?
What are examples of visual representation in art?
By 500 BC, Greeks showed nude as art; nowadays, it is considered immoral by most people. So, what does this say about both cultures or civilizations?
What were contemporary reactions to Ilya Chasnik and specifically the painting Cosmos?
What is the hardest part of sell art online?
Can you use PVA Based Glue as a binder for paints or medium when I run out and can't buy one at short notice?
Is art about content and meaning or about appearance?
Who do I partner with when setting up an art academy?
How do you understand performance art? They are so abstract.
What are the unique characteristics of Vincent van Gogh's use of color?
Can I write nios sr.secondary painting exam after three years of gap?
Are there any online website tools to calligraph unicode/UTF Urdu text?
What does the title of one of Franz Kline's paintings, "The Ballantine," mean?
Where is orignal cursed crying boy painting now?
What are some online art competitions where I can submit my artwork?
What is a good artwork or story to show complexity hidden in simplicity?
What are some famous paintings painted by MF Husain?
I'm 22 years old guy and I'm interested to learn how to paint. I've got really bad drawing skills. Any tips on how to begin?
What did an x-ray of The Music Lesson uncover?
Is Grand Rapids, MI a good place for artists?
Does anyone use craft smart paints in their mized media paintings?
I'm an artist but I do it in spare time and I'm sick of my relatives/friends which want me to draw for them (free) it's not worthy how can I refuse?
How many years can UV Resistant varnish preserve a painting?
How can I explore my painting skills where people notice my work and give me appreciation?
Art lovers, what makes you fall in love with a work of art?
Is there any painting you did that everyone loves but you hate to death?
Some paintings which look like random strokes by a little kid are auctioned off at huge prices. Can someone clarify what is special about these paintings that makes them so great?
What is auratic art?
How do artist upload their books on webtoon?
How do you fully enjoy art?
Which Mughal miniature painting become your favourite?
What books would you recommend to somebody who has absolutely no idea about Fine Arts but is interested in learning about it?
If there was one picture or painting to portray humanity as a whole, what would it be?
How does Impressionism differ from Baroque?
Do you mind sharing some of your own paintings with meaning?
Artists, how did you develop your personal style?
What does "sell out to the establishment" really mean in the art world?
Which is the best fine micro art u have ever seen?
Is taking up ARTS or design degree okay after engineering?
Is it important to go in isolation, for becoming an artist (fine artist)?
Are there any Basquiat paintings with activist John Lewis's name on it?
Why do Russia keep on creating top-class artists?
What types of paintings are people buying?
What are some good pickup lines in an art museum?
Does anyone recognize this artist named Kersting?
How do I study art and culture for GS I?
How can I find out if my idea is good?
What's the best website to post your art?
In which areas of design / art does your country excel? In which does it fail?
What are fine arts classes in college and how should you prepare to enroll in them?
Where can I learn Tanjore painting in TamilNadu?
What should I fix in my painting?
What do people want to know about art?
What are some films about the love of art?
Which are famous paintings that are only painted in one or two colors?
How is "Taste" in art developed?
Is it possible to sell traditional art as digital products?
What should I call my home art studio?
What is process of lending paintings from one museum to another?
Should I keep on trying to make digital art my life career even though I’m not that good?
What is the difference between art and music?
How much has French influence on world cinema and art declined since World War Two?
Did Raphael write about how he practiced art?
What are some ways I can improve my art?
Which drawing or painting according to you represents the human form in utmost beauty?
Is there any organization or a place where people can gather and practice visual art such as drawing or sculpting in Mumbai?
What is your advice to artists hoping to be recognized and valued by the current art market which seems impenetrable and arbitrary?
What are the best basic exercises for beginners in art?
What is an additive sculpture and what are some good examples?
Are the visual arts considered an industry? What would be the best word to refer to them?
Is an art fair a good place to contact a gallery?
What advantages does Manga Studio offer over traditional art made on an art desk?
Is it possible to get kicked out of an art major if your drawings are too shitty?
What are some examples of Hindu art?
How do I add art to my conversations?
What is the significance of Lincoln in Dalivision by artist Salvador Dali?
How can I overcome self-doubt in my creative abilities while making art for a client?
Where is the best place on the internet to publish/broadcast fine art?
How do you develop a unique art style?
If thirty paintings entered an international art show, in how many ways can the jurors award three major awards?
What should I do after my bachelors in fine arts?
How can I profit from art's subjective value?
Have you ever bought original art photography? If yes, why, how much did you pay for it and did you think it was worth it?
Which art style or artist does each filter in Prisma represent?
What is the difference between ''art for art's sake'' and ''art for life's sake''?
What art, movies, music etc have you been introduced to by other Quorans?
Why is dogfighting a dying art?
Who is considered to be the top 5 influential artist/painter in the US?
What features in Krita do digital painters like the most?
What are the benefits of hanging a running horse painting on the walls?
How do art experts decide how good an art work is?
Who are some artists whose work appeals to mathematicians and computer scientists?
Is it true that any work of art ever produced could have been greater?
What is the fee for getting a copyright for my sculpture in India? Is any document needed from trade marks registry department?
Where can I get digital versions of fine art pieces?
What are some nice art projects using paper mache on a canvas?
What are great examples of modern political art?
What is Eduard Bendemann's most meaningful painting?
What are Napoleon Bonaparte's famous paintings?
How do I make an algorithmic art?
How do I apply for Maharaja Sayajirao University for fine arts?
What do you think about my paintings, and how can I improve my artwork?
What do you think about this art work?
How do the forces of trade, commerce, and rule affect the art and architecture?
What are the different things between artist and painter?
How do you get useful, actionable critique on your art from ordinary people?
How do I make sure my oil painting doesn't get destroyed?
Where can I buy Cuban art?
What is it like to visit the Uffizi Gallery?
What brands of paints do you use on your artworks, what do you like about each of them?
What are some tips when painting or etching glass?
Where can I find some top blogs that feature arts and crafts by other artists?
What kind of artwork falls into the category of applied art? How is it classified?
How can "The Scream" painting be interpreted?
What are some of the famous paintings of ballerinas or ballet-themed?
What is the most important content in art?
Are there any living artists who have sold a single painting for $1 million+ USD in 2009?
Who is your all-time favorite deviant artist?
How can you make art interesting for teenagers?
Can I Apply for MA Fine arts without BA in Fine arts in universities abroad?
How can I get art degree in India?
Does digital art history tarnish the romance of discovering long-lost masterworks?
Why do some artists use construction paper to do their collage art?
What are some strategies for restraint in your art practice?
How can I learn how to create art?
How do I get sketchy line art?
What do you think is visual or audible "art"?
What is the significance of the painting "Lady of Castile" by Jose Puyet?
Can beading or beadwork be considered art?
What are David Bromstad's painting techniques?
How do I create dropbox like art?
Which mangaka has the greatest artwork?
How much is my Van Gogh painting of Sunflowers painted by Rosenberg worth?
What is the big deal about the Mona Lisa painting? Why is it so admired and treasured?
What made Jackson Pollock's painting good?
How do I submit art works to modern art galleries?
I'm looking to buy a couple of paintings to get a small art portfolio. Is price negotiating with the gallery ethical/accepted or not a good practice?
How can I pursue career in painting in India? What college should I apply for to learn painting?
How can the elements of art line be described?
What are the best art collections found in the Victoria and Albert Museum?
What are the types of balance in art?
Why do eyes in a painting seem to follow you?
Is www.sketchonline.in good site to promote my art work?
I did ~700 figure drawings in 2016. How does my performance as arts enthusiast compares to others in a field?
I own paintings from a deceased painter, do I have the rights to make book, calendar, poster, card?
What art styles did cubism influence?
Is there a market for fine arts in India?
How can I turn an idea of a painting into reality?
Modernist Art: What piece of art could be compared to the The Good Soldier novel by Ford Madox Ford?
What captures your interest when experiencing visual art?
How do I create a proper art studio?
What is the purpose of a "still-life" painting?
Who are some people that have done outstanding creative work (technical, artistic, humanitarian, etc.) whose names are not well known?
What are innovative Marathi names for art class?
What is the Tisch School of the Arts like?
How have advances in television diminished or accelerated fine art?
What is Chaucer’s art of charaterization?
Is it there any streams like arts, science and commerce in ISC 12th?
Could you tell us which painting is your favorite? Why do you like it/them?
Why do people pay insane amounts to buy art works?
Why is art considered culturally valuable?
In what order should I learn drawing skills to a become a concept artist/draw from imagination?
How can I sell high-end artworks to museums?
Was empirical perspective intentionally wrong?
What kind of easel should a painting beginner buy?
Why do we like art (paintings, showpieces, etc.) although they have no utility?
What are some non traditional tools that could create successful and lasting artworks?
How is it being an artist for a living? Why should an artist not work for free?
How can I study Visual Art Online for Free?
Is art that people appreciate the most usually tailored specifically to their personal histories (and less likely to be universally-acclaimed art)?
What is the message of the Mona Lisa?
Where can I sell my painting and sketches?
How much can I sell a Bob Ross style painting for?
What lawsuits does Uber currently have with Taxi drivers?
What is the best way to stay artistic?
What art or pictures best describe an ISFP?
How does art make a difference in the world?
I want to sell my digital composite images as art pieces. What's my best option to maximize value? One-off archival giclée prints?
What is Thomas Gainsborough's most famous painting and why?
Where I can find best drawing/digital painting tutorials on Patreon or any paid source?
Why is Andy Warhol's repetitive technique so aesthetically appealing?
What makes thread a good material for art?
How can I make art if I am not gifted?
How should we know what art to censor?
Are Europeans generally more skilled than Americans when it comes to art (painting, sculpture, etc)?
What are some tips for spray painting fiberglass?
What is the name of the painting on the CD cover?
Are there any genius artists like Van Gogh who were never discovered even after death?
What are some paintings you would consider cyberpunk?
What happens when public funding is removed for the arts and culture?
Why are there drawing competitons? How can someone judge art?
Is art advancing?
Is it ok to work on two art pieces at one time?
If you could eat the whole universe, and end the show, would you do it?
What is an art appreciation class?
If you were given a chance to change the world as a politician or an artist or a technologist (or any other profession) what would you choose and why?
Should artists always be given the freedom to express their ideas?
How important is a focal point in a painting?
What are some best arts?
What's the difference between crayon and paint?
Are digital artists generally considered to be part of what people refer to as the "art world"?
What is the difference between fine arts and visual arts?
People who learned to paint as an adult, how did you do it?
What styles of painting do US people like?
How can I put my painting exhibition in Kolkata?
How much do large scale interactive art installations cost to create and run?
What causes the inside lines on zig zag/compression folds?
What is the art style of this frame?
How do I find sculpture buyers internationally?
Who are some rising or well established female artists in Utah that I could touch base with or follow?
What awesome Game of Thrones fan art have people come across?
Where is the best place to find up and coming artists and their artwork?
How many women are interested in painting?
How can I do better?
What marks the real difference in learning keyboard by oneself and taking classes from a professional artist?
If I laminate my artworks will that make them last longer?
How do you seal an oil painting?
Should creatives and artists upload all the work they complete, or only their most quality?
Why is despair the root of all the world's greatest art and literature?
How do I learn to make art?
What are the best ways to improve as an artist?
Where can I get creative solutions for domestic painting in Maroubra?
How can I use a 20 square/metre spot near an Art museum ?
What paintings do you feel moved by?
How does something become a museum piece and why?
What are some benefits of painting?
I would like to pursue a course in fine arts (preferably of duration 1 year or less) in India. What are my options?
Is blogging helpful for a new painter?
What techniques can I use to sketch a life size, full-body picture of my girlfriend?
I'm intimidated by going into an art gallery but I am so intrigued. How do I 'browse' in such a place without intense scrutiny by the owner?
What is special about the Mona Lisa painting?
What is the style of Hundertwasser's artwork?
What are some good ideas for painting stepping stones?
Are there legal complications in creating humorous 3-D figurines of famous artists, politicians, etc., and selling them as unique art pieces?
How do you get inspired for art pieces?
How can I critically analyse paintings?
What museum displays the famous painting of Renoir’s “On the Terrace”?
What does sensitive artist mean?
Can I sell my artwork on Curioos and other platforms at the same time?
Is it better to have students who are attending my art workshop bring their own supplies?
What are some interesting paintings of Kaiho Yusho? What did they represent?
What are some artistic characteristics of the Panagia Portaitissa painting?
Where can I get wide range of services for commercial painting in Hurstville?
How did you figure out what kind of art you like?
Is art about content and meaning or about appearance?
How did peoples opinion on arts fell so low?
What are some good airbrush paints for fine art paintings on canvas?
Who do I partner with when setting up an art academy?
Can an object created for a functional purpose achieve the status of art?
What is the purpose of painting painting the corners in baseball pitch?
From a philosophical view, why do humans make and/or enjoy art? What is the meaning of doing art?
Is it legal to make art of Supermodels?
What are the reasons why high art falls?
What's the best way of digitally scanning a watercolour painting?
What are the characteristics of Frederick D. Ogden's paintings?
What is the meaning of the famous pitchfork painting?
What is the best way to interpret Miro's paintings?
What is Michelangelo's Pieta depicting?
What are some best art model paintings?
What are some famous paintings painted by MF Husain?
I'm 22 years old guy and I'm interested to learn how to paint. I've got really bad drawing skills. Any tips on how to begin?
What kind of art would an advanced society create?
What does hasty artwork mean?
Who is the artist wayne leal?
Why do we care whether paintings are originals, if we can get a perfect duplicate?
What are the characteristics of classical art?
Are there any Fine Art Co-work spaces in Southern California?
How do people understand images of women in paintings?
What are your favourite pieces of art that have a deep hidden meaning?
Why is concept art important, and what would happen without it?
In art, is there a relationship between spontaneity and value?
What makes a good painting?
Can you suggest me a good book on perspective that covers the human body and not only objects or landscapes?
Can this money launching scheme be done? Read below (continued in comments)
How can I show my artwork blog to the public?
What is painting based on poetry called?
Is art becoming increasingly secularized to the rich?
What are some quotes/ excerpts that can relate to a piece of artwork?
Why is architecture considered fine art?
What's the difference between motif and pattern in art?
How do I market an android app cost-effectively?
Can you separate art from architecture?
Why should every art lover appreciate video games?
Has much work been done in co-authoring analysis to help identify collaborative research?
What is the best illustration of how life imitates art?
What are the different types of painting canvas?
Why are we attracted to painful art not only paintings or drawings, but poetry, music etc?
How can one change the perspective of humankind as an artist and engineer?
Do you like these sketches?
How does Impressionism differ from Baroque?
What are some best options for a wall art in my office?
What are good techniques to use push sells of my artwork?
What is the difference between good & bad abstract art?
Why is looking at my art and someone else's different?
Who are some artists who gained widespread appreciation during their lifetime?
Who were the instructors that taught at the Academy of fine arts Vienna in 1878?
If I like a particular artist, how can I find similar artist?
How should I start digital art and design?
Where could I see Lisa Yustavage's painting in New York now?
Why do oil painters start drawing the borders with brown paint?
When an art gallery is open by appointment only, can anyone request a visit?
How is death an art?
What is your interpretation of Stoneham's painting "Threshold of Revelation"?
How often does an English seaside building need to be painted?
What are the major Bastar art and crafts popular in the country?
What are some famous pottery artists?
Do you know what an artist and a sniper have in common?
To what extent does appreciating art rely on being able to understand arbitrary cultural norms behind individual features (like brushstrokes)?
What is stained glass painting?
What is the difference in apex and ace paints?
What is the future of the framing and art industry?
What are the formal properties of art?
Who are the best artists who take art classes in Chennai Egmore?
What should I name my art studio if it takes place at home?
What art print could complement advertisements used as wall decor?
What can I say to defend modern art and autotune?
Are you another version of me?
How can I promote my YouTube art channel?
For canvas painting which type of colors have to use?
Where can I get air brushing training?
How does photographer Joel Peter Witkin avoid being accused of desecration of a corpse?
As an artist, how would you describe your feelings for your muse?
What did Baudrillard mean when talking about the "vanishing point of art"?
Why is art important in history?
Why don't artists show the beauty of science?
Where can I find art techniques to paint with?
Does art therapy have positive affects on mental health?
What art print could go in my bedroom instead of cityscapes if my interests are birds, photography and plants?
What are the best books and resources for learning how to draw cartoon-like characters and simplistic comics?
When artists advise to practice every day, how and what do they mean?
What are some ways for a young artists to gain work?
What is your favorite Impressionist painting and why?
What are some good resources to learn more about composing abstract vector art?
What is 20th century art trends?
How do I make my artwork look finished?
What are ways of looking at art and science, as one?
Who are the prominent portrait painting collectors today?
How was a traditional Japanese painting made?
Are there colleges which offer admissions directly into masters for fine arts (without a BFA degree)?
Where can I get cheap paintings in gurgaon for home decoration?
How can I become a gallery artist from a hobby artist?
Why was the Mona Lisa influential?
I want to sell my art but how do I go about doing this?
How do contemporary artists get paid?
What are some famous orange paintings in art museums?
How did cubism influence art styles such as dada and suprematism?
Are there any online schools where I can get a bachelor of fine art degree?
What is the best substrate for use with plaster in a painting?
If Van Gogh was brought back to life today how do you think he would feel about the fame and value of his work?
Artistically speaking, how would a black and white version of Mad Max: Fury Road change the movie?
Why is the only known photograph of Van Gogh NOT in the Van Gogh Museum? The published photos of him at 13 & 18 years are photos of his Brother Theo.
What is the dark shape in the right lower corner of Turner's "The Fighting Temeraire"?
Do you know who did the red paintings for Jessica Pearson's office in Suits and do you know what it's called?
Do charcoal and graphite artists take a picture of their drawings with a higher contrast so as to get more darker and blackier picture?
Do you need to be relatively good at hyper-realism to be considered a good artist?
What are the least common techniques used in non-representational art?
What are benefits of posting your paintings online?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
Which type of artwork will take art to next the level In current century? In context like Picasso did in his times and it made him exceptional.?
Are there any decent alternatives to giclee prints?
What is your best way for enjoy "art" (videogames, music, movies, books) without distractions?
How can you describe the different elements of art?
What are the differences between abstract and representational art? What are its similarities?
An artist who has done abstract plant patterns?
How did the script change in Turkey from Arabic to Latin influence art and visual culture?
What should a new artist use for oil painting, Winsor and Newton paints or Camlin artists oil paint?
What is the scope in commercial arts in India?
How was art affected by the Crusades?
What are some fine art classes?
What is the importance of asymmetrical balance in art?
Do we the fans, give fame to artists?
If an artist painted portraits today as good as Rembrandt, would they be recognised?
What is the flowing rhythm in art?
Who is the angel in the painting of Joan of Arc by George William Joy?
What is Act of Painting?
How transferable are skills between pencil drawing and painting?
What are the common topics asked in fine arts board exam class 12?
What is different about the art then versus the art during the baroque period?
My mother is a painter, how can I help her to secure an exhibition in a gallery?
What is the minimum picture size/quality for outdoor signs?
How big is Asian paints?
Are some objects in the background of Gerlach Flicke's portrait of Thomas Cranmer symbols? What could be their meaning?
Is it common for artist to paint from photographs?
What are the general characteristics of sculpture in the rococo period?
How Glendale Creative Arts Academy (GCAA) school is?
I'm a self taught artist of five years. I'm still in high school however, so what can I do to become a better artist?
Why can't I choose a painting subject?
Is it legal to paint or draw on bank pay checks (as an art project)?
Which is the anatomy book where people pull up their skin?
Why is the purpose of color important in art?
Is art appreciation directly proportional to the viewer's capability of interpreting symbolic structures?
What is the best digital art program for a beginner?
What is the best way to have a Jackson Pollock painting authenticated?
How would I draw old fashioned art?
Who is Roland Reiss?
How do I make a simple photo art in my living room?
What great painting would you buy if you had $100 million to spend and could only spend it on one painting?
What's it like majoring in a STEAM field (STEM + Art)?
Watercolor: How do I make my watercolor drawings have the transparent look?
What are all the art movements in painting, literature, music, movie that originated in France like realism, impressionism, surrealism etc.?
Is there any significance to the palette used by Philip Guston in his late paintings?
Why is the deer such a frequent motif in Buddhist art (paintings/ sculptures)?
What are some famous paintings of Paris?
Are there still paintings that countries that were Nazi occupied haven't returned to the Jews they took them from during WWII?
Which books would be good to read when preparing for fine arts at BHU?
In any city, do enough people go to art galleries to justify the city's newspaper carrying art gallery show reviews?
What is the difference between digital environment artist and matte painting?
Where can I find a buyer of a rare sculpture?
What kinds of artwork was mainly produced by Byzantine Art?
Why do classic paintings and sculptures depict men with little penises?
As an artist, what's your ideal studio environment in terms of spatial qualities?
What does this Chinese painting say in English?
How good is the quality of walmart's prints of Photos and paintings. Has anyone tried?
What are some amazing facts about the painting Monalisa?
Was Renoir right when he said “Why shouldn’t art be pretty? There are enough unpleasant things in the world"?
Why modern paintings are more popular then realistic paintings?
In printing your art, what is a good lot number of prints?
Why is communication considered an art by some people?
At fine art schools, how is students' work assessed?
If I am planning to pursue the arts in the future, maybe visual, is there any IB subjects I should take apart from visual arts?
Where can I buy art in Israel?
Who is your favorite artist and why does the art move you?
How can a computer science student become a game developer?
Are there any other sites like Freelancer.com which is purposely meant for drawing/painting?
What is the meaning of the artwork "Erased de Kooning Drawing"?
What is it like to be an art dealer?
What are the some of the best and different type of painting?
What, in your opinion, are some of Bob Ross' worst paintings?
Can you name some sites or a YouTube channel that can help you learn fine arts like professional starting from grassroot level?
What are different areas of art?
What are some art galleries or websites in India that exhibit contemporary abstract expressionist artists?
What works of art should we know about from your country and why?
Who made this work of art?
Can I use a famous painting as a reference for my own and sell it?
What cities are well-known for their focus on intellectual and art communities?
What are some of the defining characteristics of Caravaggio's art style?
Who is compared to Van Gogh's Wheat Field?
Do you need to be good at drawing or painting to learn printmaking?
What is the estimated value of a Dave Mann and Roth 66 original biker art print?
How is art stolen from museums?
How is the worth of abstract paintings determined?
What makes a good title for an artwork?
Are there many students from India studying Fine Arts in Afghanistan? (Which is the most popular course/university?)
What art print could complement a vintage art show poster?
How is applied art different from painting?
How are vice and corruption depicted in Western art?
What is the symbolism in this painting from Pompeii?
What are the cut-offs in Mumbai's top colleges?
What makes some paintings special and their artists popular?
How can I make minimal art just with PicsArt?
What characteristics define the different art mediums?
What is brutalism in art?
At what point can one call themselves an artist?
Is there a way to see artworks sorted by locations/museum?
Do you think that traditional painting is still relevant with the popularization of digital painting?
In order to get into fashion school, do you require an art portfolio?
Why do galleries reject artists?
How can you explore your potential in a particular art/craft?
What should be the marketing strategies of an online art gallery to position itself?
I am great at fine arts; but the thing is I love chemistry as well. Is there any career option where I can combine both of my interests?
How do you identify if a certain type of drawing paper is of archival quality?
What makes logic an art?
Why are ISFPs called artists, and not INFPs?
What kind of art should I combine with 1980's workout girls in my drawings?
What are the differences in approaching romantic paintings and poetry?
What piece of art did you understand long after you studied about it?
Why do many people not take art/artists seriously?
Why Warhol change the way the art was?
Why do you make art?
Why do artists take the liberty to make objectionable paintings of Hindu gods and goddesses?
Can you please tell me what kind of jobs can we have in Germany when we have a bachelor's degree in fine arts, paintings? Thank you.
What are your best visual arts?
In this Dali lithograph, Dali took Rabelais figures and placed them into his surrealist world. Does the central figure adapt to its new surroundings?
What are some disturbing paintings?
How and who discovered art?
What're some principles for drawing Fine art?
Is it legal to sell art or be an artist without having a proffessional degree?
Have you ever been so moved by a piece of art that it changed your life?
What is the importance of Keith Haring's art to society?
Is Pencil drawing allowed in picasso international painting contest?
Are there royalty-free photo sites for oil paintings on the internet?
Which are few of the simple best paintings?
What is your favourite work of art that was made by you?
What is smart art? How is it elaborated?
How does one go about applying for an entry level position in an art gallery?
Which is best paper for charcoal and graphite sketching?
Do art historians think that art in last 200 or so years has lost its way?
Is Christopher Nolan the 'Elon Musk' of film?
What are Michael Lang's paintings like?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used reference photos to make them?
Can fabric paints be used to paint on canvas?
What if I can't read the artist's signature on art or sculpture?
Can I sell fan art of myself?
What are some new type of arts?
Is there any other art available like calligraphy and quilling?
What are the different contemporary art forms? What are some examples of how they are made?
Why are good artists bad at sports?
What does art mean to you? What does art mean today?
Where will Alphonse Mucha's Slovanská epopej ("Slav Epic") paintings be displayed after 2016?
Is bud pruning important in the art of bonsai?
Is online fine arts course helpful in learning and gaining knowledge?
Do people still commission paintings?
Will please someone describe the major differences between the painting styles of Raja Ravi Verma and Abanindranath Tagore?
How can I exercise and challenge my creativity?
How do I prepare for MSU Baroda for fine arts?
How does Shakespeare fit in with the artistic traditions of Mannerism and the Baroque?
What do you think about my paintings?
What kind of paper is best for watercolour painting?
Can you include quotes from Napoleon, Oprah, Churchill and others on the art you make and sell?
Is there any fine art course in IIT?
What should I do to find some inspirational object to sketch or paint?
Where and how can I apply to be a nude art model in Delhi for painting and sculpture?
I am sketch artist, I want to exhibit my art, where can I put my art?
Are young people buying art?
What prompts artists to employ an avant-garde style in their work despite knowing that it can potentially receive criticism?
Where can I get high quality painting work at competitive rates in Cronulla?
Which modern artists use calligraphy in their paintings?
What are some characteristics of Hellenistic sculptures?
Why is the painting "The Raft of Medusa" important?
Why is it so difficult to find a buyer for handmade art?
What are the best oil painting that you have seen?
Does percentage play a role in getting admission to Delhi School of Fine Arts? Or will they assess just your drawing and techniques?
How common was painting before photography?
Do they teach Photoshop in Digital Art University?
What painting style is this?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the UP Dilimans Oblation sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
Do art and music create social stability between different nations and cultures?
What do you look for when buying art?
Is nudity a form of art?
What are the criteria for a painting to be economically valuable?
What are the works of modern entertainment that will be remembered as classics, in the future?
How good am I at art?
What are some of the most important artworks?
Can the principles and elements of art/design be traced back to a specific time or place?
Where do I find an art pricing guide?
What does "rendering" and "model-making" mean exactly in the context of design?
Why is drawing on canvas considered art?
Is it true that paintings done with reeves acrylics vanish within weeks?
Where can I know about the upcoming art events in Kolkata?
What are some of the best artists/musicians that work in multiple mediums?
What does finger painting promote in children?
Where is the best place to get an art book printed?
Why have interactions with people when you can just consume great art?
What art can you create that is 100 percent free?
How can you describe the 6 elements of art?
What is the meaning behind the painting "The Human Condition" by René Magritte?
What artwork do you have?
I want to sell my paintings and sketch works online. I am from India. I am a student. Which are the best and real Indian sites to sell my art works?
I am interested in getting in to art and want to purchase some paintings. Where can I learn the basics to figure out what I like?
What is a vivid explanation of the role of expressive art in teaching early education?
What are some of the world renowned forms of Indian paintings?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Scream" by Pablo Picasso?
How do I shoot some sorts of Fine Art photographs at home? Does anyone have any idea about what the easier themes can be?
What do you think differentiates beautiful art from great art?
Will bulldog clips damage my original drawing?
What is an example of allusion in art?
What is a day like at a fine arts school?
What is the process that galleries apply to select artists?
Should there be censorship in Indian on art, or not? What is its social and cultural impact?
What is a vanishing point in art?
What resolution should a large format artwork for print be?
As an artist, what is the one thing you would tell your younger self which could have improved your art career?
Unemployed in the traditional sense, I am an artist. Do you know any ways to succeed as a full time artist?
I'm trying to develop my skill at non-objective painting, could I get some advice on my current paintings?
How do you feel while making your own baroque art design?
What place does Art have in your life?
Do I have an Alberto Giacometti Sculpture or just a clunk of Metal?
Do Ivan Aivazovsky's paintings go on tour? If so, where can I find out where they are?
How do I know how much original Allayn Stevens oil painting worth?
Why is art of living workshops are important for students?
Is abstract art really art?
Where can I find like-minded people to make experimental art with?
Where is biggest art museum in South India?
Why are Salvador Dali's paintings so valuable?
How can I sell my hand painted saree?
How do you find and choose a painter/decorator?
Where and how can I sell paintings in india online?
What are the characteristics of the Grand Manner style of painting?
What do you think about this quest for the total work of art?
What artwork symbolizes negativity the most?
How do professional musicians function in a world where music is more accessible than most visual art? How does that relationship impact the public?
In which subject after 12th digital art comes?
How did impressionism begin?
How should I go about auctioning my own paintings online?
What’s the difference between a spectacular artist and a museum-renowned artist?
Is there any paintings evaluater course in the world?
What can I draw for my art class?
What are some good ideas for surrealism art?
What possible careers are there for an artist?
Is there anything I should do or can do to improve my drawing and paintings?
Are colored pencils a good medium for fine art?
Which form of art are most hard to produce?
Are there any occasional art workshops in India which certify you to organise or teach art to children? I m a medical student not fine arts
Can interpretation be considered art?
Where is the Flotilla fresco located, and who painted it? What is its historical importance?
Can I opt for economics, fine arts, English and psychology in a BA course at the same time?
What is the best way to display photos at a solo exhibition?
Can machines for real purposes, like aircraft or cars, be considered as art?
What should be in my art portfolio when applying for architecture?
What do painters think of using watercolors for portraits?
If art is a format of expression which piece of art would you think sums you up best?
Should I pursue concept art at age 19?
Why do the paintings of Johannes Vermeer have so many small cracks on them compared to those of his contemporaries?
What is a reader/anthology of the best writing on (preferably non-contemporary) art?
How intense is a Master's of Fine Arts in Drama?
Are CCRT Notes enough for art and culture?
Who are some artists who work with the theme 'details'?
Do I have to take fine art major in order to be successful painter?
Who provides painting service for residential and commercial area?
What is Phad Painting? Where do I buy it from?
I am looking for a website that I once visited, it collects digital art projects, dark brown theme?
How would I make kitsch art?
Can we make a living through the arts?
Which is the most impressive art museum in Switzerland?
What are some of the best oil paintings to hang on the walls of home?
Do you really believe in abstract painting?
What are the three main categories of art?
What is the meaning of art for art's sake?
What is one book on Art/Art history/Artists that covers almost everything and is a must have for someone who's passionate about Art in general?
Is there any landscape that you like that has red sky and purple mountains? Do you happen to know why the artist chose these specific colors for it?
Do you consider Hebru Brantley a great artist?
How long would it take the Mona Lisa painting to disintegrate naturally?
Can Disney movies be considered a work of art?
Have there been any sales of art from public museum collections into private hands?
As an artist , (professional or as a hobby) have you ever succumbed to believing others artwork are better then yours? How did you handle this?
What is good art?
What constitutes derivative art considering everything besides nature is designed by someone?
Is the use of augmented-reality technologies good for art museums?
What is the darkest object/paint commercially available?
Does IQ correlate with artistic ability?
What is your favorite museum in the world?
How stable is MDF Wood?
Where can I download my paintings?
Is a good life an art or a science?
Who were the most expensive and popular artists in the art market during the second half of the 20th century?
What is a good score in 12 Arts?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous painter?
How did Jacob Lawrence's artwork make you feel?
Is there any platform for artist who paint tshirts?
Why is the modern art that look meaningless and simple worth millions?
How come there are two prices for artwork on artsy?
I am an artist who likes to do figurative studies and portrait. I am trying to understand what kind of portraits people buy and why?
What Indian art galleries are best to purchase paintings by enquiring online?
How do I improve my art style?
How can I get inexpensive art for my apartment?
What is the meaning of this art/painting, what does the artist want to portray by this and who drew this?
Does a degree in fine arts give me any advantage if I want to get into the gaming industry?
How was History affected by Piet Mondrian's art?
What is the job scope after doing fine arts?
What are some of the greatest paintings depicting an independent young girl?
Where can I found efficient home painting contractors in Chatswood?
Why am I not interested in art?
Are there places online where artists can sell their drawings/paintings?
What was the painting that impressed you?
Which pentab should be better to buy for digital painting?
How has the art market changed?
What is the meaning of curving and crossing lines in art?
What style of artwork is Coene’s “Attack of the Park of Brussels” painting?
Which are the most creative park and public places benches in your city?
Why can't Indian Govt ask UK to return famous paintings jewels and millions of items that are displayed in South Kensington London?
Where can I get most professional painting services in Baulkham Hills?
What inspired Bridget Riley to make the artwork "Blaze"?
What are the pro and cons of taking art major?
How can I do an art collaboration with both traditional and digital art?
How do people in the fields of art view themselves? Do they see other people in the same manner?
Where are some good places online to sell art?
What is an example of representational art?
Where can I get a consistent level of excellence in craftsmanship and customer service in Brisbane for any commercial painting work?
What hyper-realistic artists say about their work where most people don't consider their work as an Art?
Is there a sculpture called 'belt'?
Can art be considered as new gold?
Would this be considered illegal?
Can I get a Master's in Fine Arts without a BFA? I have a BA in business.
Are there paintings of Lisa del Giocondo other than the Mona Lisa?
What do you think is lacking in terms of Art and the interaction of Art with people (the community)?
What is your opinion on anime artists compared to more classic artists?
Can you apply the elements and principles of design to art?
What is "the social art of architecture"?
Why is Irish warfare so rarely depicted in art compared to that of the Scots?
Where can I find art auctions to submit work to?
How do you paint your roof and not spill paint?
What is the concept of the gaze in art?
Do you know any artist like Chet Faker?
How do I get 95+ in CBSE fine arts?
Which are the best places in Delhi to sell arts and crafts?
How do I learn to about art licensing as a total beginner in this topic?
What is some of the best art from waste?
How can I get a British art gallery to accept a painting?
Can two artists with drastically different art styles make a good looking comic?
What does the melting clock represent in Salvador Dali's famous painting called "The Persistence of Memory"?
Where is the best value for your money for purchasing canvas for painting?
What paper size is 105x70 cm and does it have a name? Can I find a frame for it?
What is the difference between "modern art" and more conventional art?
What are some characteristics that distinguish Islamic art from western art?
What are some new artistic techniques you use to enhance your artwork or photography?
Why do you think artists should be appreciated more/not get ridiculed for already having cheap prices for their artwork?
How would I dress for when I make kitsch art?
What make arts and music unique?
Is it ok to illustrate over a book page from inspiring publications to sell as reproduction artworks?
What are the options for doing masters after doing bachelor of fine arts (applied arts)?
Do representational artists rate Tracey Emin as an artist?
What do you think of my first art work for someone who's never taken a class?
What is a theory in art?
What is creative art about?
How does art benefit our life?
What are some facts about "The Scream" painting by Picasso?
What are some good artworks in Ilonggos?
What are some of the most important characteristics of Chinese paintings?
Do you have a collection of memorabilia relating to your favorite period in history?
Are there job or career options available for an artist that wants to make art based on quotes, lyrics, poems, or some form of text?
Are there any well known artists without art degrees (recent)?
What artwork goes with Patrick Nagel art, in an 80s bedroom?
What are some of the most important and famous Brazilian paintings?
What do you think about Wagner's quest for the total work of art?
How has David Hockney's art work influenced modern culture?
Why are art galleriesin NYC and other places closed on mondays?
As an artist what does beauty mean to you? Is every art beautiful or admirable?
What are the benefits of art?
What is art? When would you call yourself an artist?
What are some entertaining art forms that we can learn at home?
Where can I buy Basohli art paintings in Jammu?
Do you think that I can sell a print of this image I made?
Who gets to decide the meaning of a piece of art?
Which depiction of "Jufith Beheading Holofernes" in Pinacoteca di Brera is Caravaggio's original?
What is anti-retinal art? How is it created?
How are visual artists protected or regulated by the law?
How does one submit art for display at MoMA?
How has Roman art influenced today's society?
What are some of the best methods for emerging artists to get their art out there?
If "anything can be art" then doesn't that mean art has no definition?
What are some great resources to learn how to make custom anime art prints?
What is the name of the most important impressionist artist of Germany? How do they elaborate their art?
What are some of the best printing companies out there?
Where do app makers get their art work?
Who painted this piece of art?
What would like be like without art and music?
What are some really expensive paintings which doesn't seem to be extraordinary?
What do we gain from drawing, sketching, and painting?
Is there a place to buy good artwork or illustrations for commercial use?
What kind of material is used in Cycladic art to paint walls?
Can you keep the proceeds of an expensive piece of art that was stolen and has been missing for decades that you bought at a thrift store?
As an artist, how do you decline someone when they ask for a drawing for them?
Which is better optional subject fine arts or psychology?
What are some examples of great art series ideas?
Why are some pieces of art invaluable while others are worthless?
Yayoi Kusama's "Infinity Nets" series psychologically and contextually resembles Abstract Expressionist work so why isn’t it part of the movement?
What is the name of the art style in which the picture is made up of dots, the tonal variation dictated by the proximity of said dots?
How do you recognize an Impressionist painting?
Which are some art website which give current market analysis and trends for famous artists?
Is there any art company who deals with art on furniture?
How was your experience at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York like?
Can you tell me some of the hidden meanings that are in Chris Consani's painting "Java Dreams"?
Who are your favorite artists in painting or sculpture?
Are there any short Fine Art courses that can be pursued along with my medicine course?
Is there any significant difference between manga art supplies and generic ones?
What do I need to buy to do hand painting?
What do you think about my painting ?
How do you define art? What general characteristics do you find in 'true' artist?
Where do you get reference photos to paint your landscapes from?
How can I get people to buy my art?
What caused the Social forces (Art industry) during 1886 to 1990 in Europe?
Why does modern art need a concept?
Does an artist temperament influence his style of painting?
How do you know if you are already an artist, not just art enthusiast?
Why do we look down on art and artist?
What are some amazing subjects in humanities/arts?
Why do artists use sketchbooks?
CALLING ALL ARTISTS What would you mark this artwork? URGENT! OUT OF 20. This is an appropriation inspired by the artist Brett Whiteley
What is the difference between cute/pretty/gorgeous?
What contributions did Andy Warhol make to the art scene during his time?
What is the meaning behind the Edward Hopper painting "Nighthawks"?
What are the business strategy to promote online art gallery in India?
What is the methodology for painting walls?
I am a beginning artist with a problem involving a friend and a commission. I need advice. See details below.
What are the most valuable art pieces or historical pieces or painting?
On what basis do radical islamists hate music and other such fine art forms?
Do I need permission of artist in order to make canvas print of their oil painting?
Who is interested in African art?
What are some aesthetic fonts?
What are the differences between Eastern and Western minimalism?
How can creativity and the arts be used to advance our community?
Can someone convince me that Jackson Pollocks paintings are anything other than perfect illustrations of the time in which they were created?
What is warli painting?
Is television art?
How can art and architecture collaborate?
What should I do to better appreciate art?
Is it worth it to go to art school?
Can a series of art be mixed media?
What is the difference between stippling and pointillism?
What is the history and significance of Van Gogh's paintings of sunflowers?
Do you get a lot of homework, if you are an art major?
How prestigious is Academy of Art University?
What art print could replace a cityscape in my bedroom if I like fashion, flowers and walking?
I have many different art styles, and I'm trying to adapt to only one. People think I'm stealing art because I draw differently in each picture. Help?
What are the best resources to learn algorithmic art?
How can a visual artist optimize cost per impression of artwork on paid media channels?
Who is Itzchak Maghen?
What classifies as art?
What are some famous artists who draw eyes in pencil?
Did any of your sketches which you tried to draw someone ended up anyone else?
Which song track was playing while Vilas Nayak painted The Joker painting?
What do you call the style Egon Schiele used in some of his artworks?
What are some hacks for painting on canvas?
What is the meaning of the painting "Exploding Tardis" by Vincent Van Gogh?
What is the total volume of art deals worldwide?
Is drawing harder than painting?
Can music and art not express anything – just be?
Do you think art can make a person more creative?
Is the online art market growing?
What is the meaning of "where art thou"?
How much paint required for painting badminton court?
How can I enjoy fine arts?
What is most time-consuming for a painter, except making art?
Art from prosthodontic waste?
Are there similarities between Islamic Art and Byzantine art?
If we could bring Vincent Van Gogh back from the dead, and show him what a rockstar of the Art he has become, would it really change him?
Should I take the Creative Activities club if I don't know painting but am good in drawing?
What is Walt Disney's art style?
What are the aesthetics of high renaissance art?
What are the most creative forms of art that you've tried?
What are some online art competitions where I can submit my artwork?
When did the concept of art gallery start in hyderabad?
What's the task and target of visual artist?
Can code be art?
What art print could compliment pop art portraits?
What are the best pens to be used for creating zentangle art?
What else do I need to add to skimmed milk powder besides dried lime powder and pigment to make milk paint for paintings?
Is Grand Rapids, MI a good place for artists?
Does anyone use craft smart paints in their mized media paintings?
Is there any book to read, to learn about the art of communication?
In what way are Van Gogh's works similar to the painting "Portrait of Vicente Nubiola", and which works specifically are similar?
Which school of art would you recommend in Italy, Spain & France ?
Do you know of any lost arts?
What is abstract digital art?
Can you critique this digital art on the basis of style and technique?
What are the best sites for me to market my client's high end, Southern fine art galleries?
What are the steps to painting a car with a show worthy paintjob from bare metal?
How do I prepare for the entrance exam for the MSU Baroda for fine arts?
How can I learn about under-recognized artists who are pushing the idea of landscape painting forward?
Is "folk artist" the art world's equivalent of "red neck"/”hick”?
Why is art related to humanities?
What is the reason why Michelangelo's sculpture "David" is considered a masterpiece?
Is art getting more complex over time?
Which one to choose for a fine arts degree, the Cooper Union are the Art Center?
Who does old master paintings?
What is the best source to find art consultants?
What are the things to do for art lovers in pune?
What kind of brand can I create with minimal cost, but with time and persistence could be worth a lot?
What is a reason that someone would kill an animal for a piece of artwork or taxidermy?
Are there true artists out there who don't know where to apply their artistic talent and skills?
Is there a way to make unpaintable surface?
Who is available for showcasing INNOVATIVE Art on 8/16/16 in LA?
What is the best way to make large wire mesh sculpture?
Can I build an art gallery/studio/house to live, paint, and sell my art?
How are Madhubani paintings made?
How big is online art business?
How do museums of movements, like De Stijl, make the art fresh for young visitors?
What is the best song or other creative work made after someone got their heart broken?
Can you mix photographs and artwork (oil paintings, prints etc.) in the same room?
In what ways can expensive art paintings be used for money laundering?
What is a good and inexpensive lighting setup I can purchase for photographing my art?
What brand of oil paints did Lawren Harris or any artist from the group of seven use?
What is the name of the art form in which we create shapes with trangles ans squire?
Why has art become more realistic over time?
Under what conditions does art thrive in regards to the collective?
Which college is best for learning art and craft in Delhi?
How has art movements changed the world? Do you think its a crucial part in the ordinary curriculum?
What does "The idea of art kills creativity" mean?
What's this painting called and who is the artist?
How can I make painted silk look glossy and exclusive?
What kind of art can I submit on deviantart?
What are some of the inconsistencies depicted in the painting "The Entombment"?
How do I get over that everyone (in art profession/student//hobbyist) is better than me at drawing?
What are some 1980's summer themed wall art?
How do you stop perfectionism from getting in the way of creative expression?
What advice would you give for someone wanting to sell their photography?
Scientists: How do the humanities and arts influence / inspire your pursuit of knowledge?
Do any visual artists (who make a living from their art), actively support Trump?
Where can I find trusted painting experts in Sydney?
I have ideas for painting , but I don't know how to paint. What should I do ?
Will joining an atelier in Florence help me as an artist or is it a fancy expensive hobby?
When a piece of artwork is described, what does it mean when the artwork is described as follows: " a painting after Claude Monet's Water Lilies"?
Could anyone suggest good arclyic painting classes for Adults in Bangalore?
I am under the legal working age. How do I make money so I can buy art supplies?
Who is the artist of this painting?
What are the differences and similarities between Roman and romanesque art?
What is photo painting?
Is it a good idea to invest in Iranian art right now (2016)?
Would you take the time to make a piece of art even if it doesn't last too long. Like say, A Collage from colored silk scarves?
What is the difference between the Academy of Art University and an Art Institute?
If you could become one of your characters/artworks, which one would you choose?
Art History: Why is this oil on wood painting depicting the crucifixion with saints currently attributed to Martino Piazza instead of Albertino Piazza or another artist working in Lombardy in the first decades of the sixteenth century?
What are examples of paintings which have interesting hidden meaning?
Is it possible to make a 3D design of the innovative Save-Paste toothpaste? If yes, then how? Please see the details.
How can I help my husband sell his paintings?
Did Zeng Fanzhi have a famous cowboy painting?
How do I get over missing art or find it?
Are there any examples of artistic nudes, whether paintings or sculptures, with visible anuses?
What scenes are commonly found in Chinese and European famous paintings?
How do I "loosen up" my art style?
As a fan artist, do you feel accepted by the rest of the art community or do you feel discriminated or looked down upon?
Where can I post my paintings for the world?
Where can I hire full service painting contractors in Chatswood?
Is it true or a myth that craft paint due to the less amount of pigment lasts only as long as watercolor?
How do I make my quilled work famous?
To what extent does the ability of people to appreciate art of a particular style depend on the existence of other art in the same style?
What are the steps to becoming a known artist?
What is like to study in Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
What do you call the action of painting ugly, fat lines over an existing painting? I’m looking for something more specific than 'I destroyed/spoiled the painting'.
Apart from oranges, what other fruits are used in paintings?
What art print would compliment leopard print fashion drawings?
What are important thing movies/films gave to the people, beside the entertaining part? What is the essence about it?
What does 'fine arts' mean in an Indian school?
Why is comedy perceived strictly as entertainment rather than art?
Which university should I study at if I want to study Fine Arts in Taiwan?
Does Mona Lisa smirk in the painting?
What is "crayon etching" in art?
I am a graduate from fine arts (applied arts) so what are the scope for me in magazines?
How long had you been painting in watercolor before you really knew you were good at it?
What are some craziest homemade ideas and inventions?
Where can I sell art? And do I need any kind of license? I am 13.
Are there any good fine art schools in London?
Are there any super realistic portraits done by disabled artists?
What art prints would compliment caricatures?
What are the best fine arts school or institutes in india?
Can doing visual arts in school get you anywhere?
What are the mediums of visual arts? How are they used for it?
Which is the best Art Gallery in Pune most suitable for modern/surreal art?
Is this original art?
Where in the world can I learn the true art of listening?
Is a diss track artistic expression?
Do you need to draw skeletons and muscles to learn to draw anatomy properly?
NYC storage hack? I'm being kicked out of my current art studio - is there an affordable art storage solution I'm not thinking of?
What is it like to switch from fine art to scenic art?
Who are some artists (any kind - music, painting, sculpture, writing, poetry) who have both public and private artworks?
Do you like art that has a story/ intent behind it, or do you prefer a pretty picture without any explanation?
Why can I imagine amazing visual scenes for possible paintings when I lay in bed about to sleep but not when I'm at my desk trying to paint something?
How do I improve my sketching and painting?
What are the best comments on someone's painting efforts?
What are similarities and differences in the paintings of Van Gogh and Munch? (e.g “At Eternity’s gate” and “The Scream”
What does the art of a chokin vase consist of?
What are some cheap ways for an upcoming artist to expose his art?
My 12 yr old cousin wants to enter different mediums of art, she already paint, and draws, how could I help her?
Are the online drawing and painting classes on Craftsy good?
What are some best charcoal paintings?
What's the best piece of art to analyze for hidden clues about its context?
What bedroom art goes with art prints of dandelions?
How do different form of arts influence racism?
What are some of the great living artists and why?
Why do people like painting?
What is the second most famous painting?
What does an art adviser do?
Why are paintings so expensive and how does one really value it?
How do I sell my paintings in London?
The modern generation lacks the knowledge and appreciation of fine art such as classical music. Why is it happening? What are the solutions?
What is the best way to stick your canvas on a painting board?
How did advances in paper making affect the art of printmaking?
What could I improve in my art?
How does the Art world meet the Digital world in the future?
Will the ECA trials for fine arts in DU be centralised?
Are Ajanta Paintings Mural or Fresco?
How do I become a great visual artist?
How do fauvism and cubism differ?
Where can I get experienced painters in Sydney who can provides utmost care & meet our entire painting requirement?
What do you think about this comparison between John Martin's painting and Henry Holiday's Snark illustration?
What is the best way to sell customisable art online?
What is the meaning of art?
What inspired Picasso African art?
How does music differ from the other arts?
What is so wonderful about drawing, why do people draw and create art?
How can a beginner artist avoid being "pretentious"?
Why would someone have a photorealistic painting of the Twin Towers burning hanging in their Manhattan office?
Where can I find an Art and Handicraft store near Bhandup, Mumbai?
What do you think of my newly created artwork?
I have my first art show at a gallery. What are some great tips for hanging attractively and professionally?
Who made the Van Gogh photo?
How do you make a painting look more realistic/with more depth?
What public outdoor art installation has impressed people the most?
What are the skills or art forms that fascinates you?
How come a black square is important art work?
How can unity and variety in art be learrned?
Do I need commercial rights to use The Great Wave of Kanagawa painting?
What do you consider art?
Why did Picasso paintings have distorted faces?
How has technology impacted art?
Is the 'spray on' varnish sufficient protection for my oil paintings?
Which paintings depict the comical folly, or the utter absurdity of humanity?
Which is best art?
Can you name the elements of art?
How can I understand a Jackson Pollock painting?
Which similarity can you detect between this photo and the painting by Francisco de Goya?
What is the point of art galleries?
Have we reached a plateau in the arts?
How do I buy artworks from museum?
What did Van Gogh usually eat?
Is there an art or painting style that corresponds to the cosmic horror / Lovecraftian horror genre?
Are Mandalas and Zentangles considered to be art?
How do you get a state of the art infirmary?
What are the ways to paint a plaster sculpture?
Artists: what do you think of artworks done with paper?
Where can I see some of Michelle Gaugy's artwork?
Which are the traditional painting styles of india?
Some Rothko paintings have significantly changed colour over time. Why are they not now considered worthless?
What are the characteristics of Nujabes' artwork?
What is acmeism in literature?
What should I repair in my art studio I want to learn?
What is the difference between impasto and fresco painting?
What are the best digital painting you've produced?
Is good knowledge of English essential for contemporary artist willing to be successful on the global art scene?
Would you agree the label of artist should be limited to those who only make visual art, as opposed to musicians and pop stars being labeled as such?
What is so special about this painting that it was sold for about thousand crore rupees?
What makes Picasso's paintings extraordinary?
How can I be creative through art?
What is scroll painting?
I am really good in making charcoal and graphite portraits of people. What is the best way to turn this skill into profession?
What are some decent paints but not too expensive suitable for marbling (fluid) paintings?
How do you use white glue as a gel medium substitute?
What are the courses available after BBA in field of art and craft?
What are the point of inspiration in art and science from Indus valley civilization to modern India?
Why do Rembrandt paintings look dark and gloomy in comparison to Renaissance art?
Where can I hire trained painting professionals in Paddington?
How good is an MA in Contemporary Art from Sotheby's Institute of Art? Is it worth the huge investment of money and time?
What is vector line art and why?
How new or old is the art trend of painting with toothpaste?
Why couldn't surrealism become popular in the USSR?
What are some great art collections available online?
I was wondering how can a fashion brand be inspired by vintage clothing (which has many purposeful details), yet still be minimalist?
Why would art thieves be without a sell-on strategy?
Where can I find music for an Art exhibition?
Which other artists draw like William Blake?
Who buys art from websites like RedditARt, Etsy, or other unknown artist sites?
How long does a copyright stay active for a painting?
Does Germany have a good Fine Arts program?
What is the earliest still life painting on canvas depicting cheese?
How can you make over $200,000.00 as a fine artist?
How can I know a painting was not plagiarized or inspired from another painting in order to make it more profitable or to express a better refinement?
What famous works of art feature an unusual shade of green?
How can small cities develop art?
What are the different types of art mediums?
Why does art always have to have a deeper meaning?
Would you consider buying a painting yourself?
How can I appreciate art?
Are there any psychopaths who make worthy art?
How do you know what to sketch?
What are the paintings in which geopolitical situation is shown?
What if an artist/designer become a president?
How do you understand performance art? They are so abstract.
What are the unique characteristics of Vincent van Gogh's use of color?
What is the difference between textile art and fiber art?
What is the approximate price of the cheapest Van Gogh painting?
I work as 3D artist for 12-14 hrs/day. When I get home I don't want to do any art-related thing. Does this mean I'm not fit to be an artist?
I'm remembering a painting (impressionist?) that features a woman in a green dress holding a parasol, but walking away from the viewer. What is it?
What are the basic things needed to start canvas painting? Assume I don't know anything about painting, please be descriptive.
Who are some of the well-known artists who had a very difficult past, such as Yayoi Kusama and Van Gogh? (List a few.)
What are best programs for digital painting and poor student at the same time?
What is the best free app for home exterior painting?
Where can I find an art work of Jan Vormann in Berlin?
What do you do when you have artblock on an important project due asap?
Which platform is the best for selling artworks like paintings?
What are the the tools used to create a work of art? How are they used?
In art, what is local color?
What is impressionism and where did it come from?
What are your most interests in Chinese fine arts?
What is usually the curriculum of drawing and painting art courses?
Where can I find a good, cheap digital artist to make some custom artwork for me?
Is it weird for me to see mistakes in other people's drawings when they are clearly better than me?
How can a high school student learn to draw like the masters?
What are the well known places in luzon for arts and crafts?
If I want draw 2D pictures on the computer, what program should I learn?
What are the differences between 'experiencing a role', 'art of representation', 'mechanical acting', 'amateurish overacting', 'exploitation of art'?
How can we distinguish the art industry from the entertainment industry?
What are the organisations that recognise Art and Literary works?
Who is the artist of this painting? Also what is the value of the painting?
Where is the ‘Möte’ sculpture by Willy Gordon now? It was in Östermalmstorg.
Why did academics believe 19th century society was degenerating? How did this affect art and culture?
How do you do encaustic painting & create detail?
What sculptures did Isaac Cordal make?
Who is the most successful designer/artist from RISD?
How do Chinese medieval paintings compare to European ones of that time?
What is the best way to create a 3d model from photos?
Do the original Matisse cut outs still exist, or have they already faded?
Are there any interactive public art installations in San Leandro, California?
What is idealism in art?
What is an example of a piece of text and a painting that share similar themes?
Which subject is needed in the 11th class and in the 12th class in India in order to do a bachelor’s of fine arts in animation?
What is the importance of non-representational art?
What are your preferred tools to create art?
Where do I find abstract art for sale?
How does mehndi give scope for artists?
How do painting and coating differ?
What is the purpose of a PhD in the field of humanities and arts unlike STEM areas?
What is rock art and why is it important?
What are some of the career options in the US for students currently pursuing Political Science from Delhi University (DU) in India?
How do hotels typically buy art for their locations? How do they source art pieces?
What is the average licensing fee for art?
Why is "Guernica" by Pablo Picasso important?
How many paintings did Rubens paint?
Do you think art is supposed to deliver the message of the artist or be open to personal interpretation?
Where can I buy a Wall painting? I live in Portugal.
Where can we sell our art works in India if we are new comers?
Would buying a piece of art from a Russian artist (Lyubasha Maximenko) be an asset, as she is popular in Russia and has started selling in the UK?
What are we supposed to do in painting exhibition?
Which is the best institute for pursuing diploma in fine and arts in Hyderabad?
What are some ways to preserve an encaustic artwork?
What are best strategy/schools to study post graduation in fine art photography in U.S. for a person who does not have graduation degree in arts?
Do great artists find or wait for inspiration?
What do you call a style where the amount of paint is too much and it drips?
How can you make a Tanjore reverse glass painting and what are some examples?
How are action figures painted?
What are some of the characteristics of post modern art?
What art shall I create?
Was Van Gogh inspired by George Seurat?
Has there been a shift in the culinary world regarding food tasting good, as there was a shift in visual art regarding art looking good?
Do you always use archival materials in your artworks? Or do you use any material available at the moment?
Why are artists so troubled?
How can I find a cheap water painting kit in UK?
What is the reason behind the Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I of England painting?
What are the best concept art colleges in India?
Why are artists willing to spend 6 dollars on a single stock picture of a model posing when the web has billions of images for inspiration already?
How can I think of art as something useful enough to sell?
How can I pursue both science and arts?
Is FLAME University good for the arts?
Is it ok to use found wood from broken drawers for my paintings?
Why do people insist on referring to the art technique of stippling as pointillism?
Does a person's way of interpreting art say more about them as a person than it does about the artwork?
How many paintings has Ben Quilty produced? Which piece is he best known for?
Is art important in school education?
How is knowledge produced in art?
Are there any success stories about artists using craft paints for their artworks, or did they have the cracking issues that pollock and others did?
Is coloring a good way to ease into painting and art?
How do I sell painting in Delhi?
Do you have an art that you want to share online?
Where can I sell scifi art offline?
What are the most important factors to consider when choosing where to buy affordable art online?
Who are the greatest portrait artists?
What exactly is art and what exactly is fine art?
What are some examples of cases where artists premiered full albums in concert?
I am an artist. I love art. Drawing and designing is what I love to do. What are the career options I have?
What does the agenda of an aspiring artist look like?
What is the analysis of the painting "Birth of Venus" by Botticelli?
Can learning the fine arts make one's mind and heart pure?
Who is the finest artist of horses in your view - and why?
How is money laundering done through art?
Who were the earliest artists making prints?
Did Vincent van Gogh only paint?
Can the viewpoint of a painting be determined without knowing the location of the painter?
Where can I get feedback on a few art pieces for an opinion if I have a chance of succeeding in the business?
What do you learn in an MFA in studio arts?
What makes Jasper John's paintings so unique?
Of all Michelangelo's sculptures, which sculpture says most about him as an artist and human being?
What are Isometric drawings used for and when are they used?
Is the term "state of the art" overused?
How good is the Indian employment scenario for art curators?
What’s the best way to answer someone who feels the arts are frivolous and unimportant and should not receive government funding? PS: I am an artist.
Was Surrealism misogynistic?
What is an abstract element?
What relationship exist between science and politics as an art?
How should I express my art talent?
How was art before the Impressionism movement?
Did Henry Holiday plagiarize John Martin?
How much can a person really make by selling DIY projects like, concrete pots and art online?
How good does your art portfolio have to be to get into a top university?
Where I can sell handcrafted gifts, Like attached few?
Where do I get really large format art canvases?
Why were there so many nude paintings during the Renaissance era?
Will 3-D printing make it irrelevant whether you own the original or a reproduction of a masterpiece painting?
I'm an amateur artist and I would like to publish some of my art. Where should I go?
Any public places with canopies whose shadows create words/art or are made of art?
Have you ever created an art business card?
If I'm interested in art but bad at it is it okay to take up art as a subject in high school or would this inconvenience the art teacher?
Do you know any paintings that depict humans in agony or burning people?
Has the Smithsonian Arts & Industries Building reopened yet?
What is the name of this kind of drawings? Please look in the description as the work is in the description.
Is life like an art?
Will there be more art events in India like India Art Summit and Kochi-Muziris Biennale?
Is math an art endeavour?
Why is marble used to make sculptures?
If I help clients in investing their money in art market, that is managing their art portfolio, would I be called art consultant or something else?
What transparent finish should I put on an aluminum art piece that will protect it on the outside wall of a garage through a Minnesota winter?
How often do you visit art galleries?
How has a film, book, piece of music or any other significant work of art inspired or influenced your own work or the way you look at the world?
Have you ever put together an artist fan club or fan group?
How does one create a good art potfolio for university?
How was your experience with Atelier school of Dramatic arts?
Which artists use (literal) questions in their artworks?
How did you start making good money selling your art and make it into a career?
If you had to paint a picture to describe the word "Menagerie", what would you paint?
The phrase 'I wish I could do art, but I'm just not creative' confuses me. Being creative (as I am) does not enable me to create art. Can you advise me?
What is the most simple yet most impactful art piece you've ever seen?
Is there any Art Search Engine that catalogues all "important" art ever created and is curated by professionals?
Is it possible to get good at art if you have no talent?
What are some good national art competitions?
Which countries have the best career outlook for fine artist?
How do experts determine artists state of mind or thinking with which he drew the painting? What are various hints to understand it?
Is crashing pop cans considered art?
Who is your favorite artist of the last 16 years?
What is a good analysis of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
What are some best paintings on the topic "out of the world"?
Why is the Roman art important today?
How did prehistoric artists use lines in their paintings and drawings?
What is the meaning of a green painted curb?
What do you think of Chinese painting?
Who are some lesser known but important composers?
If you wanted to linger in an art gallery for a while but had trouble standing, is there any solution besides a wheelchair?
How should a proper mailing to a booker of an artist look like?
Would you buy an art print that has been laminated?
How did early cave paintings last that long? What paint is that?
Would there have been botanical prints, shoe drawings and a Chanel perfume painting in Carrie Bradshaw's 1986 apartment?
How can we use art to show what we think?
What are some potential challenges artist might face when creating public art pieces that are government funded?
What is state-of-the-art technolgy?
What is mystery with the famous painting " Christina's world"?
What is deconstructive art?
Since we are all our own worst critic, would it be a bad idea to design my own tattoo?
What is best art print POD service?
How do I combine my interest in Fine arts, performing arts, and studies with my earning field?
How do I master an art of politics?
Collage artists: what kinds of papers do you use for your collage art? And how resistant arre they to fading?
Have you done any recent finger painting?
What image depicts breathing abstractly?
What is fractal abstract art?
Where can I find images of ancient artworks online?
When comparing images (paintings, prints etc.), how do we decide that one of the images could be an allusion to the other image?
Do people who lack interest in art and literature have a disorder?
Is there an equivalent of the US National Film Registry for books?
Would you choose to create visual art or music?
What are the famous arts of mesopotamia?
Is this an overlooked masterpiece?
What does "The Face of War" by the famous artist Salvador Dali mean and represent?
What are the TV shows that you find visually impressive?
Is my art worth buying...if anyone would buy it,at what price they should?
Why is art less appreciated nowadays?
What's the task, target & role of visual artist?
What are the chances an art critic spots a painting (scribbled on white canvas with pencil) that falsely claims to be from CY Twombly as a fake?
How can religious art inspire others?
Which oil paints do artists use in India for oil paintings?
What do you think about the art courses of Paul Klein, are they truly effective?
What are some techniques for painting over black paint?
Does postmodern art employ 'lazier' techniques of art than that of its predecessors?
Who changed and revolutionized Florentine painting?
Is earning an MFA necessary to be accepted as an emerging artist?
Artist drew fan art of me, said it was ok to sell it, once I started she said we have to pay $200 for rights. What can I do?
Is there a notion of completeness in art? How is it defined?
'Madhubani', a style of folk paintings, is popular in which of the following states in India?
How can you describe the different types of fine arts?
What art prints could replace a cityscape and the moon, mountain and forest?
What does the Sphere within Sphere sculpture mean?
What is the connection between science and arts?
Is there any book for understanding Art Law for collectors and gallery owners?
How are art start-ups like Cupick, Paintcollar, etc. doing in terms of profit and sales? Isn’t it too hard to sell art on merchandised products?
Where can I get a custom gilt-bronze architectural model made?
What is the process of starting an art exhibition?
How do you write out the medium for a digital art work as you would a painting?
Where can I get my body painted in India? (body painting art)?
Is there a middle ground between design and art?
What does it mean about art when Mona Lisa only became famous after it was stolen?
What are the criteria when purchasing a painting, both as an art piece and investment?
Who is the fastest at math, Indians or Americans?
What would you do if you can't stand the beauty in things like painting, music, dance, and every other arts?
Why is Velázquez often considered the best painter ever?
What art pieces are the closest to The Charge of The Light Brigade"?
Is Applied Arts (Commercial) better or Fine Arts (Painting) as per earnings?
Which are the best art universities in the UK?
Which is the best Contemporary art gallery in Hong Kong.?
Is it possible to work part time as a cartoonist, or fine artist while working a full time job?
Is it important that there is some logic in mind while you're creating your artwork?
What is classical art?
How can I refine my sketching skills online?
How is art safe in today's nationalism?
How would I make kitschy artwork?
Who is the highest paid living fine artist?
Which is the best college for Fine Arts in pune?
What are some amazing works of art done by children under 12 years of age?
What are some important facts about cubism art?
What did most Roman Art consist of?
How do I find an art collector for a new art gallery business with a low marketing budget?
What do you wish you would have learned in art school?
Has anyone made art out of gallium?
What are examples of visual representation in art?
Why is art, music & photography forbidden in Islam?
How do Christian (or Muslim etc) art lovers feel about those highly artistically valued but faith contradicted arts?
What painting materials did Henri Matisse use? Why did he choose this?
How can I sell my drawings or paintings online, i.e as an online business?
What are best institutes for visual and performing arts in India?
What are the best seats for viewing a performance at caldwell fine arts?
Why do some artists do photo realistic painting which a camera can do?
If somebody wants to buy my paintings, do I sell my original ones?
Generally speaking what substrate for artworks tends to last longer?
How hard is it to monetize art for something reasonable like 100 dollars a painting without a degree in fine arts?
Where can I find a good art buddy to check in with my art progress?
Can you use PVA Based Glue as a binder for paints or medium when I run out and can't buy one at short notice?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
What is the name of the music video in which a man cries while painting a painting?
What are the best colleges for game art and animation in Europe?
How long would it have taken to create the sculpture The Pieta?
How do you obtain an art-gallery representation if you’ve never had it?
What are some of Michiyo Akaishi's art works?
Know anything about the painting "the young huntresses"?
How can I promote my scribble as a masterpiece of modern art?
Can you share how much improvement you've made in digital art with an example?
How did Roman art influence Croatian Mediterranean Cities?
Do you need experience before you go to art school? Can someone who has very little knowledge of art be successful?
Are there people on this planet who dont get influenced by marketing and the art of seduction?
Do you buy art?
Is art just technology?
What form of art is at Ellora caves of aurangabad in India?
Why is 'The Scream' by Edvard Munch is the 2nd most popular painting in art history?
How does Banksy make his paintings?
What are the good shops to buy art and craft supply in Bombay?
How can I sell my art at Sotheby’s?
How can photorealism art best be described?
What are the best universities for MFA (Masters in Fine Arts) in creative writing?
Can numbers explain art?
What is more important in painting: technique or what it transmits?
What are the techniques and requirements for resin art?
What parallels and differences are there between art jewellery and fine art?
What do you think will painting be like in 100 years?
What is the starter kit required for oil painting in your opinion?
Do you have any informatin about Academy of Fine Arts Vienna?
What is the name of the type of painting where the paint is splattered on the canvas, or is it just called "splatter painting"?
What if your good at all fields in small amounts like art, music, dance, academics, etc? What will be your passion then?
Do you enjoy visiting art galleries even if you don't intend to buy anything?
Should I go into something creative like music and art or business and law for my career?
Who gets to judge whether a supposed piece of art is art or not? And why should I take their judgements as accurate?
Which is good - being better performer at everything or best in one art?
What do you think of questions where the asker wants opinions on his or her art?
Can I call a print (photography) limited edition if it was printed on T-shirts before (with slight design changes like adding text over it)?
Why is Claude Monet considered to be an impressionistic painter and not a neoimpressionist although he has painted many pointillistic paintings?
How do you interpret this artwork?
Are all acid free 100% cotton papers suitable for painting on, even resume paper?
How do you smooth a wax sculpture?
How do you know if your art is no good?
What type of copy right issue can be faced by making fan art from famous anime personas as art prints?
Have you used the website Artplode to sell your artwork?
Where can I watch people painting in Tilt Brush online?
Does selling art prints ruin an art galleries credibility and reputation?
What makes Renaissance-era Florentine sculptures different from Antiquity-era Roman sculptures?
What should I name my art studio at home?
What are the best schools for fine arts other than RISD, Pratt?
How often did you receive art instruction?
How do you stop sucking at art?
What is art's purpose now?
How can an artist sell a painting every day?
How would I make art influenced by Lisa Frank?
Why does “Jean-Michel Basquiat” painting, “Mona”, have a bitcoin sign on if it was painted in the 80's?
How do I preserve a painting done with poster colours on a normal drawing paper?
How do I get admission in the Sir J.J. College of Art for a fine art (drawing and painting) course?
What is Baroque art?
How do I do better formal analysis of artwork?
How does visual art create a sense of community?
How do artists nowadays use modern technology create art?
What is some art that shows chaos?
What kind of Art is this? How would you identify this style of artwork
Why do they put art on postage stamps?
What is so bad about naive art?
Can drawing digitally help with traditional drawing?
Where can I show my painting and crafts in exhibition? Are there any contests?
What is that specific word for a practise/study painting?
Can I take Art in IB but still choose science stream?
What are some examples of the three types of art?
What is an abstract fine art photograph that you like?
What medium was used in the "Guernica" painting by Pablo Picasso? Why was that medium used?
Who is your favorite deceased fine artist?
What is the relationship between painting and movies?
What do you call that art style from 40-60's?
Can a professional artist draw a detailed portrait of me?
What make artists different from other people?
How do I open up new sales channels for fine art?
Are there very few art museums in Vietnam and are the museums there mostly historical ones?
What is this STYLE of ILLUSTRATION called?
How do normal artists become famous artists like M. F. Husain?
Who are all time legends in their respective fields contributing significantly?
My artwork was copied and is being sold by a major retailer. What consequences could I face by taking legal action against such a massive company?
Is it offensive for a toy store to sell an Indian headdress?
Do all watercolorists stretch their paper before painting?
Is it is good to take art with maths?
What do I need to start oil painting?
How can I show you my painting for feedback?
I'm a beginning painter and only two brands of acrylic paint are available where I live: Staedtler and Art Advantage, which is best?
How do artists design artworks on websites?
What does the last stroke of the brush to a finished art piece feel like emotionally to a painter?
How can I do encaustic painting with crayons?
How do I learn patch painting?
What is the dearest painting in the world and why?
To which period does the Buddhist art at Ajanta belong?
How can you recognize Baroque art?
Are drawings considered folk art or fine art?
How important is it for an artist to have his paintings recognized and appreciated by others?
Which literature on pictorial references and allusions in visual art can you recommend?
I find myself wanting to start drawing, and getting critique on my art. What are some good art websites for beginners?
Which, in your opinion, is the greatest painting in existence, and why?
Is my photo's file size large enough for a 6x6 inch art print?
Can I use my body to paint on canvas?
How do I draw a triangle with mouseOnClick like in Window’s Paint app?
Where is the best place in Germany to open art gallery?
How do I prepare properly for fine arts in MSU Baroda? What kinds of topics are gonna come on the exam?
How do I find a university that has a strong art program but not an art or design school?
What are the requirements for studying MA in painting at Royal college of art , London?
What artists have used mathematics to create art?
What is the importance of the Equestrian sculpture of Marcus Aurelius?
What's one thing you would suggest to somebody trying to learn how to transition into fine arts from a street art/illustration background?
What do you think some artists wanted to develop a national style of art?
Where can I get magnificent painting services in Cronulla?
Should I really be so competitive with my art?
When is the art competition of ShowFlipper taking place?
Which artist draws/paints not so well but is popular or able to sell their art?
Can you help identify this 15c oil painting?
What kind of paintings do people like?
How did cubism help lay the foundation for abstract art?
How do you sign a fine art print?
What are some habits of an artist? How do they get those kinds of thoughts?
If you have to look at a painting twice to get its true meaning, do you think you would understand why the artists painted that piece of art?
How could I make money from these kind of arts?
Should I pursue a career in Manga drawing or Realistic drawing? What would be better?
When is a game considered art?
What is the art of asking, instead of telling?
Who is your favorite painter and where can I find examples of their work?
How do I know if I am an artist?
Digital Art: Has Photoshop ruined art?
Do colleges in DU consider marks of fine arts while counting the best four?
How do I explain the differences between flat art and superflat art?
How can I find photographer for my artwork? My name is Naz Smyth.
Which universities should I consider for PhD in painting for my cousin?
How do you find and pick Modern Art galleries in different cities?
How do I clean a white painting canvas?
Is anyone else getting tingles watching Bob Ross?
How can I sell my art in India?
How can I dress like an artist that draws human anatomies?
What percentage of the Louvre's art collection has been acquired through spoils, thefts and treaties?
How do you make this type of painting?
What are some famous paintings that depict love for place?
Why has Millais' "mistake" not been addressed by art critics?
Is Art for Art's sake a silly idea?
What do you think about my paintings (especially the ones with planets)?
What do the three digit code on water colour paints mean?
Which is the best architectural style: Victorian, Rococo, Baroque, Art Nouveau, or Art Deco?
What are some nice collections of mind-blowing paintings/artwork?
How do I fund my education at School of the art institute of Chicago?
What is the importance of visual arts?
Who are the big names of the contemporary art scene today?
What will be scope of fine arts as a career after 3 years?
What is truly art, and what is not?
In India what is the procedure for seeking permission for outdoor sketching and painting?
How can I become a self-taught artist (painter)?
Which subject should I drop, visual arts, drama, or music?
What is an art of listening?
What are the best Indian contemporary instillation art works?
What should I be doing as an artist to market myself?
How do you decide which art is worth buying?
How come billionaires spend so much money on a useless piece of “art" also known as paint work?
Is it necessary to be famous to be able to sell your art?
What is the future of art industry with the growing adaptation of virtual reality?
What is an art movement?
Where are Lithographs and screenprints produced?
What is the best place to buy artist prints online?
Can art help in understanding culturally responsive mathematics? How?
How can one validate the authenticity of a Peter Beard print/artwork?
Why is a skull such a popular subject for painting?
Surely for something to be art, the artist just needs to change their perspective of the something, right?
Is there a way to become a better artist other than "drawing more"?
Why are King Arthur's paintings so famous?
What is the art of making questions?
What is the pattern of entrance exam for fine arts?
Why are old and ugly paintings so expensive?
Who buys art and why?
Do other animals make visual art or music? (What is art?)
What are some interesting facts about the Frick Collection?
What is the title/artist of the oval painting hanging in the living room on "All in the Family"?
If I was the owner of this app (Quora), what would you say to me?
How much does a Sol LeWitt wall drawing cost?
Is it difficult to find a college teaching career with an MFA from a California State University?
What works of art have a philosophic interest?
My art prof. wants me to embed a small photo of the piece I’m referencing into my paper. How would I do that in MS Word ’07?
What does "R.A., P.R.W.S." next to an artist name mean?
How do I buy art online?
Which place in Hyderabad sells oil painting materials (canvas, brushes, colours etc.)?
Why are the paintings in the Collector's Corner website so expensive?
What are professors at Cooper Union like?
Are there any websites similar to mutualart.com which give artists performance and sales graphs for free?
Were there any famous artists who also made prints?
How can I recognize a lithograph picture?
Is there any course relating to fine arts plus engineering?
Which state of India is still devoted to progress of art and literature?
What course are present if I want to learn fine arts after engineering?
Where can I hire very knowledgeable and friendly painting staff in Brisbane?
What is the scope for digital fine art?
Did Michelangelo paint the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel while lying down?
Other than giclee prints of your art do you also make posters for people who would like to buy your art at an even lower price point?
What makes contemporary art so enticing and what kinds of people truly appreciate it?
In what room would you hang this 1973 surrealist, erotic fine art lithograph by Salvador Dali?
How can I transfer my skills as a traditional artist to digital art?
How does art commissions work?
What are the best art supply brands?
How do I sell my non-original artworks? How do I find buyers for them?
Can art be explained by math?
How did Pablo Picasso paint Guernica?
How can one understand the difference between art and craft?
What is the difference between Mughal style of miniature painting and Rajput style?
Is there some postgraduate course where we can learn to tell stories through different art forms, like dance, photography, drawings, etc.?
Where can I shop for abstract photography online as a newbie to the art?
Can anyone share your paintings or sketches here?
Why isn't computer graphics art appreciated as much as classical art?
Who are some of the best artists (painters) on Quora? Can you also share their work.
What art prints would've gone with that green couch in the apartment on the Carrie Diaries?
Who authenticates artworks by Indian artists like F N Souza, V S Gaitonde and more?
Who is a better artist Paul Klee or Kandinsky?
Can I paint an object with a paint of a color outside of the visible spectrum? Could I somehow use, say, ultraviolet-color paint to paint the object?
What's the difference between a paintings retail value and insurance value?
What is a formal analysis of sculpture? What are some examples?
What are examples of rebellious art movements?
Is art getting better or worse?
Is Gujarat University the right university to do B.F.A(Bachelor of Fine arts)?
How many are employed worldwide in the fine arts industry?
What is your definition of "All art into one"?
What is the maximum sentence for subway art?
How important is studying other artist work if you are an artist?
What are the different lists of the 7 elements of art?
How do I get into art?
Who are the most important painters of all time?
What is the state of art in the world today?
Where can I study fine art or find a pathway?
What makes certain paintings more renowned than others?
What would you do if people at school traced their artwork and got away with it for an art assignment?
Is there a new period of selling art?
What are some unique ways of painting?
What are the best universities offering the 'Contemporary Art practices' course in bachelors of art?
What is a good strong and permanent durable acid free adhesive that would hold small glass beads on canvas?
What are the course in art sector?
Which is the best, most resistant and light paint for radio controlled airplanes?
How do you flatten watercolor painting with water?
What should one learn in order to become an Art Curator?
What message does the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton convey?
How is the content in art determined?
How do I make sculptures?
What style of art works well for art licensing?
What are the most popular subjects in paintings?
Who painted the simple blue stripe painting?
Are the Arts irrelevant to the daily lives of the majority?
What are the pros and cons of selling art on sites like Artfinder and Saatchi?
Why don't college art history classes discuss modern art from 21st century?
I am looking for Digital screen/frame to display paintings on a wall. Is there a reasonably priced device for that purpose?
What are the different art forms?
Why do we try to define art?
Have you ever heard stories of an older, middle aged, artist breaking into the art world as a talented newcomer?
What is the meaning/explanation behind the abstract painting "Interchange" by Willem de Kooning which was sold at a record price of 300 million USD?
What is the best fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
What is the meaning of the painting "Lilith" by John Collier?
If you buy a famous piece of artwork and destroy it in public, can you be charged with a crime?
How do I get my art work worldwide, popular and published?
What do commercial artists do? What kind of art do they make?
How did early artwork embody democratic values?
What elements are unique to Roman Art?
Why do artists paint people naked?
Which is the best kids painting software?
What is your understanding of the term, 'art/artist'?
Why does my painting look patchy?
Where can I get a memorable & friendly painting experience in Brisbane?
Which is the best institute for fine arts in NCR?
Artists: Can you give me some info regarding gesso? Read description please first.
Where does Andy Goldsworthy make his art?
What is the best software for a beginner artist - 3D and landscape painting?
What are some interesting art pieces from the 1800s?
What is Thomas Gainsborough most famous painting? What does it represent?
How does an artist color a drawing?
What is the best books for entrance exam of fine arts?
What is the global population of art collectors?
How do I get orders for art and craft?
How do I learn art of color matching for good looking/painted objects?
What are some amazing drawings you have seen with a deep meaning ?
How come one day you can perfectly recreate the Mona Lisa in crayon but then on other days your hand has forgotten what a pencil is?
I'm an art student in Sweden, would I be able to become an architect even though I study in an art program?
Let's say I paint a picture of Mickey Mouse and want to sell it- when is this perfectly legal and when would it infringe copyright law?
How do you sell art and receive payment under your pseudonym?
Is there a bad contemporary Art?
Is it worthwhile to do painting classes?
What is cartesian perspectivalism? What are some examples of it?
Is 'art theory' meaningful to you as an artist or as an audience?
What are some characteristics of pop art and what are some tips to identify it?
Why is art considered haram? Or what kind of art is considered haram?
Why are one of my classmates calling my drawings ugly, when they’re really not?
Which artist/s do you get inspiration from for your own artworks?
How would you explain Modern Art?
Are there any online website tools to calligraph unicode/UTF Urdu text?
What kind of art style is the image below?
What is the best technique for realistic drawings, dry pastel or oil pastel?
Would it be interesting for the USA customers if I started selling Egyptian ancient history products on Amazon either retailing or drop shipping?
What does the painting "American Progress" represent?
How was non-representational art developed?
How has art work on emotions resonated or commented relative to the world?
How can a visual artist be known on national and international stage in India?
What is a good artwork or story to show complexity hidden in simplicity?
Which painting form is easiest to transition to from (sub-photo) realistic graphite drawings?
Any famous artist/group who uses Reaper to record?
What are art related courses in college?
What did an x-ray of The Music Lesson uncover?
Is it necessary to draw a graph for a complicated, realistic oil painting?
Why do artists paint Galaxy background to illustrate a dreamer?
As a photographer, how do art galleries find your work?
How did Vincent Van Gogh became famous?
Can you please interpret my art?
How would you describe watercolor painting?
What is so beautiful about art?
What is the value of art?
Is it a bad thing that I adapt my art subjects rather in a foreign style and less appreciation as that of my own country? (especially in realism)
Can nudity in art be biblically acceptable?
Why art is essential to life?
What's the difference between minimalist style and empty form?
How would you describe this art piece?
What are some weird abstract artworks from old master?
How do people who have majored in fine arts make a living? What are their career choices?
Is stylised art easier than detailed one?
When in history was copying of paintings/drawings first possible?
Where can I get replica paintings?
What are the best PU Colleges (grade 11-12) in Bangalore?
Aren't there free advanced art tutorials?
Which Mughal miniature painting become your favourite?
What aluminum can sculptures/art can I make with around 50 cans?
What kind of artwork can be considered fine art? Why is it called like that?
I graduated with Bachelors degree in Fine Arts, majoring in Sculpture. What are the best scholarships to pursue masters in sculpture (ceramic) abroad?
Is all art creative?
How do I enter Fine Art School-Barcelona and get a scholarship?
Where can quality Fantasy Art be bought for commercial use?
Can food be art?
Why is modern art/painting very difficult to understand?
What are some good art supplies if I want to do mix media?
Which painters used fractals in their art?
What kind of art or work do you love the most, that you believe you would like to do until your final breath (apart from "social networking" of course)?
What are some art forms that could be created completely on a laptop that I could learn reasonably well within 6 months?
Could you make this sound true "you don't own a thing in this world"?
If the Mona Lisa had never been painted in 1503 and instead a talented contemporary artist painted it today, how popular would this painting be now?
How do I get started to be part of subculture of art hoes?
Why does my father not appreciate art?
How did Nam June Paik make an impact in the art world?
What course should I pursue if I love to do the below things?
Is digitally printed glass considered art, and why or why not?
What does a moonlight shadow mean? How can it be represented through art? Or how has it been represented through visual art?
Will a good paint artist be a good Photoshop artist?
What is the future of art in your opinion?
What are the advantages of painting stepping stones?
How can I monetize my drawings and paintings?
What are the best Modern Paintings?
Now that St. Barts is overrun with jetsetters, where are some other, better places to vacation?
Do art teachers throw away old student art regardless of maestralitty?
What is the number of people interested or buys a painting or an artifact or any art related item?
Does reframing artwork lower the value?
What are some examples of the formal elements of art?
Who provides commercial painting service in Australia?
Is talcum powder archival?
What art print could complement a vintage art exhibition poster?
What is a theme in art?
Which is the most famous art movie in india?
Can an artwork be considered to be a question?
Is Ankgor Wat the greatest art masterpiece of world? Why did Cambodians build it? It must have cost tremendously.
Is FolkArt our only option for metallic paints?
What are some types of lines in art?
Why are court proceedings often painted by artists and almost never photographed?
What is your Magnum Opus?
How it is justified to say, art is above these things?
What is the distinct feature of Raja Ravivarma’s painting?
How do I sell a very expensive unique artwork?
How can I sell my art in Japan (online)?
Would a painting be worth more if painted by a child?
Why did painting and sculpture decline in the middle ages?
How did Italian Reinaissance art and Northern European art differ?
Where can I find a list of fine art grants in the United States?
I want to make face painting or make-up my new hobby. What products should I buy?
Who can help me identify this art piece? it's done on a camel hair canvas
How can you tell if a Richard Lorenz painting is an original or a fan?
What kinds of paintings are pastel pencils best used for?
When have you felt most artistic?
Where can I get high resolution images of ancient paintings and art?
How were Goya’s Black Paintings transferred from the walls they were originally painted on?
How do I become more creative in the field of art and design?
How was the artwork made the MILKMAID by Johannes Vermeer?
What are some of the visual description of texture, pattern, time, motion, and balance on the Great Wall of China?
What do you think of the quality of glossy coloured papers for collage art?
What are the different types of drawing styles?
Who is the current artist with the most loyal fans around the world?
Where can I get a portfolio for my art class?
How do I scale up a drawing?
Why do people have a desire to create art?
Which are some of the painting to try for a beginner in Acrylics?
Do you need a license to conduct an art auction?
Artists: What is the strangest piece of art you have been commissioned to make?
What are planometric drawings and what are they used for?
What are some impressive painting techniques?
How can I convince my art teacher to let me take AP Art?
What are some examples of maths in art?
What type of art is it called when you look at a picture and draw it without tracing?
What are some of the most interesting Renaissance paintings?
Can you use art with original characters of other people in your portfolio?
In Canada, what kinds of art are popular to put on their walls?
How can I use my art skills for programming?
What kind of art goes with Patrick Nagel’s artwork in an 80's bedroom for a single male?
What are some notable Singaporean contributions to the arts?
What aspects/points/subtopics of theater studies do you enjoy/follow/find interesting?
What are the good oil and acyrlic paint brushes to buy online?
Are there any sculptures/statues of Antonio Corradini in Prague?
How do I make sense of modern art?
What's the meaning of the line " She is no mean authority upon art"?
I’m 14. How do I improve my own art?
What are some early political art pieces?
Do artists have to explain the reasoning behind contemporary art installations?
How can I contact an artist such as Jim Sanborn if I want to ask him some questions related to his artwork?
What jobs are there for people who like art but aren’t artists?
How do I establish myself as an art critic?
How important are the eight principles of art?
From where can I learn painting and sketching online?
What is your opinion on artists using Basquiat’s crown in their work?
What can I do to improve my art?
Who is the wealthiest painter and what are his/her paintings?
Did you ever experience grief when witnessing/hearing about the destruction of a piece of art?
How should I study art more effectively?
What are the differences between the Fine Arts Department of UCLA and of UCSB?
What art print could complement my mineralogy poster?
Are there any great art tool shops in Ōsaka worth visiting as an artist?
How did MC Escher use maths in his art?
Would you enjoy a dance performed by a robot?
How can I sell my paintings through representatives?
Would people buy my paintings if I sold them on the streets in Delhi?
What can be done, if anything, to encourage more appreciation of the arts and less catering to the LCD for the sake of box office receipts?
How does money laundering work in selling art works?
Is cradled foam core frame a good idea for hanging artwork on the wall?
How is The Art of War informative and important?
Is artzyme.com authentic? I am going to sell my artwork there, Is it safe?
How do i feel a visual art?
Why is the art market better in the US?
Art collectors, why do you buy art? What makes you want to buy art? What stops you from buying art?
Should I study Fine Art or Philosophy & Religion at University?
How do I make my art authentic?
Who are the most successful living fine artists?
What are some nice Art & Craft courses for kids?
What kind of paper should Chinese landscape art (山水）be painted on?
What is a good description of a Flemish painting?
What are some flea market art subjects that are not just fashion? I need something else with flowers.
Are there any fine arts PUC options for a 10th pass student in Bangalore?
What are the most beautiful paintings of cats?
What is the timeline on schools of art and philosophy? Which schools came first, and how did they develop?
What do I use to determine if painting is done with oil or acrylic?
How do I focus on one interest as an artist when my goal constantly changes?
What does it mean when I cannot find the fraction of a print?
Should I sign my paintings?
What iconic photographs, images or paintings are there that relate to choir singing?
Why did Vincent van Gogh commit suicide?
What is a great watercolor painting instruction video?
What is this art style?
Why didn’t basic “high fidelity” drawing and painting techniques appear for so long after the technology required to realize them became available?
What is the day like at an art college?
What does, "drawing is painting, and painting is drawing" mean?
What is the most famous historical sculpture made using casting technique?
I came across these paintings by a group called Zebrating. How do they make these?
Where do I learn Tanjore painting in Tanjore?
What are some African art characteristics?
How does latte art work?
What is a incongruous art movement? What are some examples?
What are some examples of your own artwork?
How much do I have to practice art to stop sucking?
Why is the David sculpture famous today?
What are the top 10 ballet companies in the US? Why are they considered to be the best?
Who are some inspiring artists who did the impossible?
How does Hoisel create his art?
What are some of the most famous paintings of clowns?
Are there any artists who have reflected on Bezalel?
What are some examples of art being too deeply interpreted?
How a new art website can attract art enthusiasts to post drawings?
Which movie's art direction has impressed you the most?
What are some artistic expression?
How important is completing 11th and 12th (CBSE) for someone who's planning on studying fine arts?
What are different levels of diploma in fine arts?
What are the revenue and audience numbers of leading online galleries like Saatchi Online and Artspace?
What is relief sculpture?
What do people generally and specifically study in drawing?
What makes watercolor different from painting?
What should I look for when hiring a painting contractor?
Where can I find high resolution old masters painting online to study or reference?
How long should it take me to finish an art and design portfolio for college admissions?
Do artists subconsciously paint some of their own physical characteristics when painting?
Paintings! I have seen it rarely and sometimes wondered about it but not even know a single thing about it can anyone kindly update me about it?
How can I sell high end paintings?
What is expected from a portfolio when applying to study Information Experience Design at Royal College of Art?
Which MBTI personality type is most likely to buy art?
When did graffiti start to be seen as art?
What can I do to get an A* in a level art?
Want to know artists who illustrated the 5 elements (air, water, fire, earth, space ) in their paintings?
How will apps like Prisma affect the future of fine artists?
Did Michelangelo employ the golden number ratio, rectangle, and spiral in his artistic compositions in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
Can I master the sketching techniques of Scott Robertson in 3 months by practicing for 5 hours everyday?
Where can I find high quality prints of abstract art?
What's your best educated guess to the value of these 10 paintings?
Where can I get a real picture of earth (no composite, CGI or painting)?
Where can I find local arts and crafts in Denmark?
What are general painting tips?
How is arts and crafts influeneced by parallel projections?
Do you have to have a high IQ to be a good artist?
How did Neoplatonism influence Michelangelo?
How good are art experts in recognizing the author of a painting they have never seen?
What's equivalent to an art degree?
Are most creative masterpieces just a combination of art with science?
Why artwork will help you to be at your creative best?
What are the Greek contributions to sculpture?
I plan on volunteering as an artist to work with children in a hospital setting, what are the best art activities or workshops to do?
How much should I charge for my artwork?
As a professional, goal-based artist, what are the main steps (e.g. conception, drafting) to use to complete paintings successfully?
What is the difference in workshops for drawing and painting on newmastersacademy.org and conceptart.org?
What are the implications of "Art for art's sake"?
What are some tips in composing emails to art galleries?
How would I make artwork influenced by Club Libby Lu?
Do you appreciate art created in Photoshop just as much as traditional art?
What are appreciations of Jackson Pollock's "Shimmering Substance" painting?
What makes the great artists of the past great?
What is high art? What are some examples?
How do I paint over an oil painting?
How do I contact a Chinese national agent/agency to represent me to a gallery to sell original artwork?
How common is it for artists to create art intensely personalized for the experiences of people they know? (esp their benefactors)
I want to put on an art show. What's a good starting point for a beginner?
To artists: Do you still work on your art even when you are unpleasantly sick and ill?
How do you know if an artwork is good?
Are some people only able to appreciate art after being exposed to a sufficiently high number of training examples of art?
Is Minimalism the hardest form of abstract art?
What are some great art books?
Is Jazz a postmodern art form?
Why did ancient architecture intertwin with Art?
What are artworks like The Last Judgment; either of MichaelAngelo or of Bosch?
How does one become a famous artist?
Where is orignal cursed crying boy painting now?
How do I find a source for Hartman's paintings or sketches that inspired Mussorgsky's "Pictures from an exhibition?
Should I feel bad about some of the paintings in my art exhibit?
How does art help in personality?
It is important to know anatomy in order to become an artist?
What are some career path that involve Art/Digital Art/ Drawing?
What were expressionist painters trying to demonstrate?
Which are the good books on appreciating art (painting) for beginner?
How do I create a mixed media art canvas collage?
Which movies are known to be technically superb but artistically questionable?
Where can I find a decent art journal in India (that I can preferably find online)?
How is art work used in Mr. Robot?
Why is the painting "The Raft of Medusa" important and controversial?
What is the proper meaning of Phantasmagoria in art?
What is the importance of Michelangelo in history?
Who created the marbling art technique?
Why do you think there are so many questions on Quora regarding art? Does this indicate the power of art in contemporary society?
How can I get a chipped oil painting repaired?
Is there any painting you did that everyone loves but you hate to death?
What is tole painting?
What are good alternatives to Jazza's Arty games?
Would American education be better off if high schools diverted significant resources away from athletics and toward fine arts?
What is a list of Master degree programs related to art. Fine arts is too broad. What are more specific degrees?
Fine art photography: how long does it take you on average to process an image?
Any leads for art gallery jobs in Delhi?
What important skills do you think an artist should have other than technique?
How can I make stencils for wall painting at home?
Do you see sex as an Art?
If there was one picture or painting to portray humanity as a whole, what would it be?
How does your first painting look like?
I am black and really like Adolf Hitlers artworks, is it wrong?
Is it possible to have art as a side job?
Is it self-centered to have a large painting/picture of your face on your bedroom wall?
What are some tips for making my AP art studio final portfolio?
Who were the first artists?
Where can I get superior painting techniques for house painting in Cronulla?
Say I were to paint digitally on a picture of a traditional piece of artwork; would this be considered mixed media?
Do I need to use enamel on the canvas before painting?
I need good quality paintings. Can anyone tell me some good online portals for the same?
Is it legal to complete an art commission for money if it mimics someone else's copyright? (e.g. an oil painting of Iron Man)
When and how did impressionism become popular?
Why should fine arts not be required?
What wall decor could replace Carrie Bradshaw's 1980's framed artwork if I'm an artist?
What do people mean by altered art and what is the purpose behind it?
Who are the best living artists?
Artists, how did you develop your personal style?
How much is the Painting worth on the Led Zepplen iv album?
What are some aspects of art that I should look for when developing a taste for it?
Why is Mona Lisa art, and not that graffiti in the neighbor’s wall?
As an artist what's your purpose for making art?
How do i write an appreciation message to an artist?
Does inspiration exist in art or religious writing or any other human endeavor? What is it?
Who are the top 5 abstract painting artists?
What is the scope for the arts?
How is BFA with specialisation in digital arts of UPES?
How many paintings did Watteau paint?
If you are painting when do you know you are a true artist and not just an amateur?
I have artworks "after" great artist. Where can sell it? Who buys this?
Did you ever have to restore a painting you bought due to fading of some sort? Did you find it easy to restore?
What would the mathematical equations of Escher's paintings look like?
Why does Western art typically omit the pudendal cleft when depicting female nudes?
How are the letters A,B, D,O, E dealt with at the 9/11 memorial, as they are lasercut and will always leave a hole?
Regarding professional photography, how can I find an agent?
What would be the ultimate Vincent Van Gogh to find in my attic?
How much do I price tag my painting on canvas with oil paint and soft pastel to sell?
What does Pierre Soulages think of Vantablack?
What is the significance of placing art/music expression outside of the boundraies of accepted social behavior?
What is the difference between an Art Director and a Digital Art Director?
What is the use of art?
Can I make a good earning with my interest in fine arts even though I’m not really talented as a painter?
How do I help my sister prepare for a career in Art?
What is Siddharth Shingade's reputation as an artist?
Where can I watch theater plays on the internet?
How did commercialization affect art?
How would you interpret Gustav Klimt's artwork "The Kiss?"
Are there any watercolor painters/artists in Bangalore who would make a customized portrait like the one below?
What qualities do collectors look for in fine art nowadays?
Is it true that the Mona Lisa wasn't famous until it was stolen?
What variables should be taken into consideration when pricing a piece of art?
What is the first thing you see when you look at the image in the details of this question? What does this piece of art mean?
I want to integrate in my paintings some pictures taken from the internet. Is it legal?
How is Art measurable?
How can we understand the birth of an artwork? Van Gogh's intimate letters is an example, do we have others?
Why are Picasso's paintings the most valuable in the world?
Why isn't there more public art?
What is the difference between a science and an art? For example, business is not a science but an art.
How do you turn an art collection into an arts foundation? (In USA)
How was today's ISC Fine arts paper 2017?
I paint after looking at other artist's on Instagram. Can I call it original?
In what way is art freeing?
Did the great artists start off with bad art and then develop it further, or were they naturally good at art?
What is the meaning of the Green Coca-Cola Bottles painting by Andy Warhol?
Why the human eye makes for a great subject for great art?
How did Saul Bass create his posters?
I want to create a web platform for consumers to get matched with local companies for a variety of services (roof repair, painting, etc.). Good idea?
What can artists and designers make with this new opalescent nanoparticle plastic?
Are there any successful Christian artists today?
What kind of drawing or painting you may start with when you are a senior and don't have so much time in front of you?
What are the various types of art media?
How do I speak about my art if I have nothing to say about it?
How can you earn money with a blog that has paintings, illustrations and images by other artists?
How much does an Elemore Morgan art (litho) print cost?
What art pieces invoke a feeling of relaxation upon viewing?
Is it okay to do bachelor of fine arts (applied arts) after bcom?
Is the perception of art a form of pareidolia?
Can I submit art I made to competitions if I used a reference photo for them?
What is required to stimulate another wave of innovation and energy in the Japanese contemporary art scene?
Can anyone share an outline picture for a good painting?
What do you think of Frederic Leighton's painting Flaming June?
Which is better NID or college of art Delhi for animation?
What is your favorite symbolic artwork?
Is the Carracci's painting a baroque style?
My first art exhibition's name is "A Sunflower's World". What kind of poster should I make?
What's the best way to blur the edges of a dried watercolor painting? I want to minimize brush strokes that are visible now that the piece has dried.
What would you say is the hardest to find fine art or craft supplies?
Why do existentialists sell their art?
Where can I make quality posters of a piece of artwork?
What were medieval doom paintings and what were they used for? What is their importance?
What should the temperature be for painting outside?
Why do people love opera (as an art form)?
What is the scope of creative art classes?
Who is the painter W. Grijve?
Can machines create art?
How do I buy paint for my painting business?
What should I hang in my bedroom instead of fashion art prints?
What are your favorite examples of dada art?
How was photography influenced by impressionism?
What is the art of staying busy?
What does the medium of a painting refer to?
Is it legal to buy a Van Gogh painting and burn it?
Who are the most highly regarded Ukiyo-e artists?
How can I make my career in canvas painting?
How much is a van Gogh painting worth?
What is the importance of painting studio?
What is an analysis of the famous painting "The Raft of the Medusa"?
Where can I find decently priced wall art?
What are the characteristics of prehistoric art? What was the purpose of prehistoric art?
What is significant about “The Hand in the Cactus?”
What price to sell a painting as a beginner?
What effect does visual art and music have on society?
What is art and its aspect in the world?
I look at painting and say it looks cool, does that make me an art critic?
Why do art dealers look at paintings with UV light?
How did Giotto's paintings differ from other painters from medieval Europe?
What four-year colleges have the best art departments?
Is there any amazing painting apart from the Mona Lisa?
How do I turn an old book into art journal?
What are some online painting service providers?
Which website do you often buy art materials from?
Can you show me some amazing artwork of any kind that you have done?
Why is the ''Arjuna penance'' or ''Descent of the Ganges'', situated at Mammalapuram, called FRESCO painted in stone?
Should art sites like DeviantArt be removed because they made fan art, which is a copyright violation?
If there had not been Christianity and Islam, would human civilization such as art and science have been much advanced than now?
What is significant of art?
Why was Leonardo da Vinci's art grotesque?
What are the competitive / market dynamics in the auction house industry (i.e., Sotheby’s, Christie’s)? What are the main threats to the status quo?
What are the best fine arts pictures or images?
How do I sell water colour painting?
Who was the artist that made Dropbox’s Chrome Panda?
As an artist, how can I KonMari old recordings, artworks, writings etc. that don't spark joy but I feel bad discarding because they were my creations?
How do artists create assemblage sculptures?
Did Vincent Van Gogh really eat yellow paint?
What's the best city to live in Germany for art students?
What is the historical significance of the Guernica painting by Picasso?
Is there a Connection between art and gender?
Why do we associate the Renaissance with art?
What are some of the biggest conspiracy theories in world history?
What is the history of a painting?
Why do people destroy art?
Besides Raja Ravi Varma, who are greatest fine artists from India?
Is it legal for an art gallery owner to refuse to sell a painting to a visitor?
What elements (design, composition, social, financing, historical, geographical, theoretically/ideologically based) lend to a work of art's greatness?
Should I take fine arts as optional with PCB for 11th?
What are the market prices of Sindhi arts and crafts?
What are some awesome names for an art business selling handmade paintings?
What is your favorite art form?
What is integrated art?
What changes have been made in the Mona Lisa by past restorers?
How do I become a successful webcomic artist?
How did Renaissance painters mix their paints, and what did they use to paint on?
Could this art style be successful for children’s books?
Is Monalisa painting overrated?
Is it important to keep a signature look or style in art? Like sticking to one style only?
What makes Yves Klein's monochrome paintings special, considering that Malevich did that long before him?
What should be considered when choosing a frame for a painting or print?
I’m looking for a painting that depicts a woman, her maid and the decapitation of (possibly) John The Baptist. Could you help?
How do I find the distance from a painting that gives the largest viewing angle for a 0.75 cm painting that is 1.2 m above eye level?
Is it legal to save pictures of my favorite painters' artworks on my PC?
Do we no longer have a societal need for art in the modern world?
Where can I found efficient painters for small and large commercial painting projects in Paddington?
How is the Government College of Fine Arts, Chennai?
What program do professional artists use to make pixel art?
Is my unique type of painting appealing?
Are the floors of art galleries and museums generally not carpeted?
What work of art stunned you?
How did Giovanni Strazza carve the Veiled Virgin?
Is it against copyright law for copying famous artists’ paintings in different media?
How do I use art books?
What is the meaning behind Julien Marinetti sculptures?
Can fine art students apply to a world famous university such as Harvard or Cambridge?
Where is the portrait of Galileo painted by Domenico Crespi da Pasignano?
I'm 16. How can I display my art?
What are some useful art books for painters?
Do personal tragedies create the poets and artists within us?
What is the best art gallery in Kolkata?
What kind of art do you enjoy the most?
How great was the influence of Egypt on modern architecture and art?
What is creative art in communities where Galamsey operations are rampant?
What was the philosophy of the School of Pont Aven?
What is the reputation of the SF MOMA? How is it different from other museums of modern art?
Can you post any of your accidental art works?
I am a new artist in watercolor and digital. I have some finished artworks and I want to sell it. What is the best place for beginners like me?
How do you apply gold leaf (both real and immitation) on canvas?
How do arts as a medium deal with the question of representation of women?
As a beholder, how do you know if a work of art is any good?
What is marketing of visual arts?
What are differences between an abstraction in a painting and abstract painting?
Which Indian contemporary artists are influenced by graffiti art?
Does the Golden Number Ratio Principle accurately explain why the golden cut and Fibonacci Numbers exalt beauty in art, photography, and design?
What are the basic tools in GIMP that can be used to create a digital painting?
How can I buy licensed art to use for products?
Which are the most famous paintings ever?
How can you do rock art paving?
What can be an idea to depict that art is the medium to feel science?
What does the term "idealistic art" mean?
How do you approach a painting?
What famous pieces of art have been lost in tragedies?
What is the scope of Bachelor of Fine Arts?
I am 17, going into my last year of highschool. I aspire to have a career in the visual arts. How should I prepare?
Do some of the artist pigments come from stones (either regular stones or semi precious)?
What paint or colour was used by picasso in the painting roaster?
Does painting an article by neon paint is manufacturing?
Are there any 1-2 year fine art painting schools,apprenticeships, or programs available in the US?
What's it like to be a worn out genius?
What is the meaning of the Mona Lisa painting?
Why do most of the painters choose to do scenery drawings?
What are some examples of Roman art in the modern day?
Who are the most quintessential L.A. visual artists?
How do I find my identity as an artist?
What is the art of advocacy?
Does art keep you grounded and how?
What are examples of sculptures like the one Guillermo Tolentino did?
How and where can I show my paintings in an exhibition?
How can I become a CG artist?
How can you become a good drip painter like Jackson Pollock?
How does visual art help us connect to the past?
Should I study art or programming?
If I drew colorful lines on a canvas would it be considered art?
My art is weird what can I do different?
Do artists only learn from their artwork what they intended when creating it?
How can I create an artistic representation of the noumenal and phenomenological world according to Kant?
Where can I find traditional artist in Texas?
Why do people invest in the arts? Why is art so important that people are willing to contribute money to it instead of the charity?
Why is the Mona Lisa considered such a great painting?
Should all art be considered graven images?
Why is it that sometimes when I'm not paying attention I can create the most gorgeous piece of art but when I try again I always fail?
If Donald Trump would be any famous painting, what painting or piece of art it could be and why?
What is the purpose of all kinds of art such as pictures, paintings, sculptures etc?
What art is this on the rug?
What advice would you give a Bachelor in Fine Arts (U. of Cape Town) with a MBA in Art Management (Paris School of Business) looking for a job in USA?
Do you have to think to enjoy art?
Are there in the Bible stories about living or talking or animated or ex-living-people statues (apart from Lot's wife)?
How does art bring positivity in the work place?
If Daffy Duck won the USA presidency as a write in candidate, who would actually be the president - his animator, his voice actor, or his creator?
Would the best impressionist paintings still be as understandable were it not for the existence of other impressionist paintings?
Is there any similarity between art and entrepreneurship?
How do I get into Art Academy of Cincy?
Are there any free online art school-like-things that are good?
What is the most expensive painting sold in private auction?
What artists create paintings of night life?
What is the most inspirational place for you to create art?
Where can I learn more about Flemish art?
Should an artist focus on a single history-making project or multiple less impacting ones?
How much can you make a month selling good art?
How does simulated texture art and actual texture in art differ?
Should fine arts classes be cut from schools? If so, why? If not, why not?
Is there any bright scope in paintings?
What are some of the best artworks of anthropomorphisized animal warriors?
What is contemprary art?
I'm to write a descriptive essay on a famous piece of art. Which piece of art should I choose?
If a person is good in glass painting what job suits him?
What are the best examples of how you can create art with code?
What universities offer a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Chicago for an international student?
What does it mean when you see an Illuminati painting in your boss's office?
Is children's artwork better than modern art?
Do art critics give a bigger priority to technique or theatricality while analyzing a painting?
What is the right way to pronounce "Venice Biennale"?
How did illusionistic ceiling painting first start?
How can I make money through my art, painting and drawing skills?
What should I do if my art prices are too high?
Can I sell photos of a public sculpture?
Why is contemporary art so bad compared to medieval art?
How can I submit my work to art critics?
Why should I be an art major?
Could hacking become an art forms in the years to come?
What is the best base used for painting clay sculptures?
During which Art Period was art and artists most appreciated?
How should I get into Chinese or Zen landscape painting?
Are there any online courses or YouTube channels for art (drawing and painting)?
Which types of visual art use craft acrylics?
What's the same between Expressionism and Impressionism (art)?
Why is art nowadays so different compared to art back in the Renaissance period? What is modern art to you?
Are you into contemporary art?
Are there university courses abroad that fuse advertising and fine arts where you can make more interactive ambient installations for brands?
What are some tips for designing a protagonist character for a comic or a video game?
Who is the best sculptor in Delhi?
How does painting reflects one's behaviour?
Who is your favorite sci-fi illustrator and why?
What advantages did contemporary artist Shitz Popinov have?
Can I be considered an artist if I don't earn money from my art?
What are some artist or close to artist quality airbrush paints that someone can use for pouring paintings and how well do they adhere to the canvas?
What is the present scope for digital art?
What is your favourite masterpiece painting?
How do you feel about art?
What are some principles in your field that anyone can apply in their everyday life?
Can I make and sell a sculpture inspired by an illustration without breaking any laws?
Can I improve my watercolour painting skills by using colouring books?
What are the steps to painting?
What are some abstract expressionism and expressionism art galleries?
What do you love about art?
How would you view an artist who doesn't have a set style?
Can you name paintings that have had different meanings in different parts?
What is this painting called?
What is the best 21st century ceramic art?
I consider myself to be an artist, but lately I have been slacking off when it comes to actually creating art. How do I find inspiration?
Why is Salvador Dali's painting 'Original Perfection' so dark?
How do I get permission to sell original art based on licensed characters?
What is the greatest power of an artist?
What is a good piece of art that would not be possible without today's technology? Why is it a good piece if art?
Has anyone created a drawing or painting of their dreams?
What were the negative impacts of surrealism?
How do you start to build a drawing and painting app as a software-as-a-service?
Who is the best artist - the one who creates or the one who interprets?
Why is corrosion prevented by painting?
What were the contributions of the Romans to modern art?
Can baking soda crack and peel of a substrate?
How much RAM do you need for digital art?
How can I buy art online that isn't mass produced?
Who is your favorite fine artist in San Francisco right now?
How did Pablo Picasso change the world with his paintings?
How can make asymmetrical artwork?
What are some great collaboration in the arts?
A weird question. What can I draw for my little sister? I'm going to give her an empty art book, and I want to draw on the first site.
Can you share some of your charcoal artwork?
How do I protect water color paintings from fading away?
How do you remove old varnish from an oil painting?
How did you get better at drawing and painting?
Which are top tuition free fine arts colleges for international students?
What is the fore sightening technique used in Mughal paintings?
How can I sell my paintings?
What are the best names for a craft and art gallery?
What should I do with my art degree?
What's the price of Tanjore paintings according to the sizes?
If you printed a digital painting on an ink jet printer, would the result be a watercolor painting?
How do I prepare for Sir JJ School of Arts and MSU Baroda?
How does an artist make art which is accepted by the art market without being influenced by it?
Why was impressionism art rejected?
How do I sell art online and become successful?
Can color make a sound, what's your perspective for media art artists?
What would life be without art?
What is arts? Who is an artist?
How much should I charge for creating a curriculum for primary art classes?
Is it true that everything is not achievable by everyone even after working hard?
What are some cool doodling ideas?
Is an artwork which is conserved and retouched worth investing?
What is the payscale of a masters in fine arts in India?
How should you prepare yourself to take a fine arts course in college?
What are the features I should have in an 'Art gallery database management project'?
Is there a world's art images database?
How many hours went into creating your greatest piece of art?
Are the paintings from certain painters or art movements easier to fake than the others?
What are the characteristics of Chinese painting?
What are the basic academic qualifications required to do an ART course? Also, suggest a few ART training institutes.
Why is depression and sorrow romanticized in art, music and philosophy?
How can I protect my art work?
What is the creepiest piece of artwork?
Did NDS games sell mostly because of their cover art rather than content?
Could someone show me a piece of extremely offensive contemporary art?
Is it too bad if I submitted my still life photography series into fine art category of a photo contest?
I need a name for my art studio my name's Kevin Mulder any ideas?
Does milk paint have any disadvantages artistically wise?
How long do chipboards last and how thick do they come in?
If you had the ability to invent a new branch in any one type of art and revolutionize it, which type of art will you choose?
What are the advantages of pictorial sketching over other types of sketching?
What is Leonardo Da Vinci's style of art? How did his art influence artist today?
How does one get to display their work at the Tate Modern gallery?
Which are some sites in India where I can sell my paintings without any charge?
In what way(s) can artistic expression and movements inspire/spur change in a society?
What are the best examples of Neo-noir art and illustration?
How would you relate Existentialism to a painting/portrait?
What kind of art style is this (digital painting)?
How does one start a creative hobby?
Which are the most beautiful acrylic paintings, and who is the artist?
What is the relationship between art and mathematics?
Where do I find contemporary paintings?
I want to become a commissioned artist in Bangalore. Where and what should I start doing?
How realistic is orientalist art?
What is non representational painting? What are some examples?
What was Vincent Van Gogh's main subject matter? How did this play an important role in his art?
What is the difference between contemporary art and industrial revolution art?
How does separation of power promote art 19?
What are examples of variety in art?
What would be the most interesting online training for art students?
Is creating non tangible chalk art (for a festival) non-taxable in California?
What is the meaning of "sculptural composition"?
Why do artists use unlikely objects to depict their art?
Why don't we have many great paintings featuring laughing figures or is it that I haven't seen them?
What is some interesting artwork before 1400 CE?
Who painted this oil on canvas portrait?
Any famous paintings were introduced in a novel like Munro did in her Runaway?
How did these Freudian ideas manifest themselves in Surrealist art? Give at least one example.
What are some effective ways of painting over mold?
Where can I get superb quality workmanship for commercial painting in northern beaches?
Which tangible art mediums most resembles digital art?
Which of following designs is superior?
Do artists sign their paintings with the same signature they use for legal documents? Or do they have a special artist signature?
Are there any legitimate reasons why someone would use latex paint for art?
Is it wrong to have a very emotional or powerful piece of art in a portfolio when submitting it to a college?
How do I know if my art is sellable?
Is copying old blue prints illegal?
Why is art variety good for a culture?
Why can't I understand paintings?
Will studying fine arts in an undergraduate school help me broaden my perspective as an interior designer?
Which style would you pick for your own portrait to keep for further generations?
What defines fine art paintings?
If you could own one piece of famous art in the world, extant or lost, no matter what size, what would it be?
How does one create a small sculpture of gold?
Art: what are good responses to the "I could do that" criticism?
What is future scope in arts?
What is the role of an artist? What are the most important skills an artist can have in general? In regards to politics?
How do convince someone to buy a painting?
How is life like being an artist in NYC?
Where can I better pressure washing service prior to painting in Cronulla?
What do curators of brick-and-mortar art galleries think about the proliferation of online indie art galleries?
What skill does a child develop from finger painting?
What is the meaning of the painting "Persephone" by Thomas Hart Benton?
What is the analysis towards Johannes Vermeer's painting- "The Geographer"?
Is there any meaning in modern art?
What is Madhubani painting?
How does one find an art and painting mentor?
Is there a technical theater art course in Unilorin?
Are self taught artists accepted in the art world and how do they become known?
Is art (and aesthetics) science?
What’s the best art by Araki Hirohiko?
At what point would a piece of art be considered plagiarized?
This maybe an awkward question but anyway, how important it is to learn about the biographies of artists to have a career in art?
What was the meaning behind Van Gogh painting "The Scream"?
What does Rene Magritte's painting "Decalcomania" mean?
I have this painting here and i cant seem to find any results on the internet about the painting? Does anyone know anything about this painting?
In art, what is light?
What are some mistakes to avoid when painting or making a collage on wood?
Am I supposed to share my art with my parents/relatives?
What are the hacks to getting votes on an online art contest?
What are some must see art pieces (paintings etc) in Rome and Florence?
What problems solve fine Arts?
Under what conditions would the arts be more important than the sciences?
Is it possible to draw a line between street art and vandalism?
How can art be valuated?
Is there separate cut off for science and arts stream at JJ school of arts if one wishes to pursue a degree of fine arts there?
What art or design exhibition has had the strongest effect on you?
What is meant by "the subject of a painting"?
Why do some people say taking a life is an art form?
What are some of the different styles of paintings? How are they used?
Are there any occupations that include both art and science?
How can I begin doing artwork again?
To become a painter, is it important to have a fine arts degree?
Why is Damien Hirst considered an artist?
How do you find the vanishing point if there is something going from left to right in the painting?
Is there another way to make a silicone mold of a figure?
Does art produce knowledge? If yes, can accidental art produce knowledge?
Can two art forms be compared? Can two artists from the same genre be compared to say who is better?
Have any Indian artists created art works comparable to those of the Renaissance period?
What Hollywood (and generally, english language) films could be considered art masterpieces?
How do you polish a wax sculpture?
What are some popular juried sculpture shows in Chicago?
What does art of looking sideways mean?
If I add fine arts in my best four will any marks be deducted?
Would anyone mind critiquing one of these paintings?
What is the best paint in india?
How can I begin to sell my artwork?
What are some recommend books or resources for artists interested primarily in artistic, rather than commercial, success?
How long did it take Jackson Pollock to finish his paintings?
Why didn’t great painters of the past reach the level of realism achieved today by many artists?
What are the best paintings that you have admired?
I’m looking to learn to bind my own books eventually, can anyone provide InDesign specific advice?
How do you feel when you don't resonate with an artist's story/statement? Would you still like the art anyway, or does it turn you off?
Is there a way to prime a canvas witbout gesso for oil painting, and without animal products?
What is the difference between space division and composition in visual arts?
What materials did Robert Smithson use to elaborate his artworks?
How do you become a better art student/artist?
Would an xray ruin an painting in anyway?
How did Renaissance art influence the Baroque style?
What according to you is the most useless form of art?
What is the meaning of the painting "Crucufixion" by Salvador Dalí?
Is pornography a form of art?
What does it mean: In this drawing the initial sketch in black chalk is finished with large wash in order to model the figure?
What type of sculpture is the famous Watts Towers?
Is it possible to get an article published for free in newspapers?
What is the target of applied arts?
Where can I buy the cheap inkjet paper? Non-OEM papers are too expensive
How do I sell a 500k collection of fine paintings if I can't afford to open a gallery?
What are some famous artists in Baroque period? What were their most important paintings?
What is a self taught artist? How are they different from other artist?
What is the relevance of the amorous sculptures in the Surya Mandir of Konark?
Why aren't fine arts important in schools?
Who are some of the best-known printmaker artists?
Can I seal wood with matte fluid medium?
Why does every painter have a distinct style?
Were many visual artists influenced by their eyesight problem?
How many years can UV Resistant varnish preserve a painting?
What is the best art smudge stick brand?
Which are some best institutes for fine arts or design in India?
Some paintings which look like random strokes by a little kid are auctioned off at huge prices. Can someone clarify what is special about these paintings that makes them so great?
In your opinion, what’s the best piece of art?
What is an effective way to improve my skills, as an artist with a full time job and very little time?
How do you fully enjoy art?
Does authenticity in art still matter?
How can I keep paper from warping when painting with watercolors?
Whose paintings fetch the highest price today collectively?
What was Picasso's type of art?
Who's responsible for installation/setup of electronics in art installations? Or interactive displays at galleries/museums?
I want an oil portrait of my parents to be made from a painter in Kolkata. Could you please name a few artists?
Is acting related to other art forms?
How is sculpting more difficult than painting?
Who made the sculpture of Samudra Manthan at King Suvarnabhumi Airport?
What is your poem about?
Are extreme forms of art (e.g. avant garde artworks) actually art? And if yes, by what philosophical perspective?
How are artworks like this made? Are they digital or real?
Which are best paintings for home decoration?
Will I be unpopular among girls if I bluntly tell them I respect artists but art in most forms bores the snot out of me and I tend to avoid it?
What are the main characteristics of Italian Baroque art?
How do studio/gallery artists go about hiring models?
What is in your opinion the most beautiful artwork on earth?
What parts of Neil Gaiman's "Make Good Art" speech are helpful for non-artists, and how?
What are the main differences between artists and non-artists?
What function does the Rangoli art perform?
What are the works of a creative artist? What do they represent?
Why and how is art so deeply intertwined with math?
What is your favorite surrealist painting?
How can I improve my portraits? Also, are they any good?
Can I sell posters instead of giclee prints for my digital paintings, and the originals of my canvas painting or would one devalue the other?
How do you manually manage RBG and CMYK colors in Photoshop to create artwork for both print and digital publishing without losing color quality?
Can a painting be a rendition?
What are some paintings you have look at twice before you get them?
What is symbolism in the arts? How is it a reaction to naturalism and realism?
Why are there not many plaster sculpture in Asia?
In your opinion, Is the nature of art more determined by artist intention, or audience interpretation?
What art style is this and what technique was used to create it?
What are some affordable art schools for digital illustrations or concept art?
What specific games employ an abstract geometric art style, preferably in 3D?
Why aren't there really art movements anymore?
Why do artists play the 'expression' card when their art is ugly?
Who from India is well known for painting & drawing mostly beautiful women?
What are some common themes in Deaf art?
My first oil painting is completed, how is it?
How do I develop an art schedule?
How did Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres implement neoclassical elements into his painting the Grande Odalisque?
What can I do if I have a degree in fine art textiles?
What would be the "masthead positions" for a fine arts e-zine?
Jake Tapper does great cartoons. Does he do other art?
What basic art theory should every artist know?
What is the best way to get my 2D art into an art show without being 'voted' in?
What are some of the most famous expressionist artworks?
What is the admission fees for Art in Paradise pattaya?
What are Bargue's plates?
Is wax paper archival?
How do you clean your brushes after painting with enamel paints?
What are some of the biggest mistakes that artists (painters, sketchers, sculptors, etc.) make?
Why are Frederick D. Ogden paintings considered works of art, and what are things that set them apart from other painter's art?
How can I find a painting collector who would buy my painting?
Can I find the meaning of life through the study of art?
I want to buy a drawing / painting for my room. Which painting would you recommend?
What packing material would be best for small, painted sculptures?
“Art is I; science is we” (Claude Bernard). What is your opinion about which has done more to unify societies, science or art?
How can I attach two clay pieces together so they turn into one piece?
Art imitates life or vice versa? What are your thoughts?
If you are a person who hates art (all types of art), can you explain why?
Can you suggest how my paintings are?
What can mastered in 3 years?
At what point does my art stop looking like piles of garbage?
Why do people buy weird modern art to hang on office walls? Here are two examples of what I’m talking about. These only make me feel disturbed.
What is Pablo Picasso style of art? What makes his art unique?
What is faceting in art and how do artists use it in their paintings?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Venus sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
I need to add some paintings to my room. Any suggestions if I can order one online?
What does an art holiday mean?
How do you make line art on paper?
What's the most important art form of the 20th Century?
How did impressionism influence modern art?
Does a fine art photographer owe a commission to a gallery with which he is affiliated for photographs sold directly from his website?
Should I pursue art or not?
What are some specific qualities of post-impressionist artworks? What are some examples?
Why is art so powerful? What is the impact of art?
What is the relationship between Ancient Chinese Painting and Arab (and Persian, Central Asian) Painting?
What is the flying apsara cave 17 ajanta painting?
What is something that was not considered art before, but now is?
How should I take care of a painting - oil on canvas which is painted by popular artist in 1960s?
How do I make a 3D painting on paper?
Do you know leviticus the street artist?
Should I start writing stories aside of doing art?
Do you think that the answer "Any art once was modern art." should be collapsed if the question is "What do you think about modern art?"?
Which are the most infamous paintings by famous artists hiding dark secrets?
Where can I get best quality materials for commercial painting in Cronulla?
Are you into old-school art?
What did the Uffizi Gallery originally serve as?
What does the Panagia Portaitissa painting represent?
What kind of artwork could go with Patrick Nagel art in a 1980s single adult male's bedroom?
Is MMA one of the greatest art forms on earth today?
How can the dominance art style be explained?
How much can you earn selling art on a market stall?
Why is the Quora icon for fine art a nude lady?
How can I get rid of art talent?
I keep making the same mistakes in my drawings. How do I overcome this?
Where can I get excellent quality services for residential and commercial painting in Chatswood?
Who are the most important active painters and sculptors today (2016)?
What benefits do artists receive from drawing the nude figure?
What should be the price range for sketch commission of fanarts and art prints?
Do you think children must learn folk art and craft in schools?
What are the best books or articles about "reading" visual art?
Which is the world's best digital art ever?
What are the 3 types of art? What are some characteristics of each?
Which one is better option graphic engineering or fine art?
How thick are posterboards and how long do they hold up?
What is the meaning behind Frida Kahlo's "Little Deer" painting?
To what extent do you think art and politic mix?
How would you define, categorize, or otherwise classify this type of photography?
What is the first film that you saw that made you appreciate cinema as an art form?
How can you differentiate among various forms of art, such as impressionism, surrealism, etc.?
What do you think about using museums and art gallery for educational purpose?
How can I find the artist of an image I found online?
Is it hard to make line art?
Where can I found professional consultation for any painting project in Sydney?
Can you critic/advise my art work?
Can fine arts contribute to India's GDP?
Is it acceptable to copy other artist's work in order to improve my own?
What is the aesthetic theory of art?
When listing photographs for sale, should the dimensions include the border itself or solely the image?
How do I start a blog about my paintings?
What are the fundamentals of art and how do I go about learning them?
What are some art jargons?
What is the average price of fine art painting on ShowFlipper?
Should studying a fine arts major/minor stop me from going to a research college like OSU?
Where can I find investors who are interested in drawing and application development?
Should I show an Indian God sculpture to my Indian doctor in the US to see if he wants it?
Where can I get wide range of services for domestic painting in Maroubra?
Why is Art more popular than Science?
Have any artistic mediums actually come to an end or been completely explored?
What are some famous pieces that don't deserve to be in modern art museum?
What are the speciality of modern art or the techniques like drip or Dada painting to sold in such a high price?
Is there an example of a painting with a frame that is more valuable than the painting itself?
Who is the only painter in the world who paints on water and is alive now?
Are original handmade lithographs as good as paintings?
How do we know if something is an "Art"?
What is it like to be an artist with a photographic memory?
Does silicone caulking have poor longevity/archival quality as a scultpure or painting material?
Do Japanese schools value art education?
How seriously do mainstream art critics take the art of Sri Chinmoy?
What was the painting style of Picasso?
What is medieval art? What did it focus on?
What are some ideas for a transformation art project?
To what extent can art be considered an efficient way to convey a message?
Are these canvases decent or crappy?
Where can I get the best painter in Australia?
What kind of courses do art schools have?
What kind of wall art do American people like?
Is abstract art an excuse for bad art?
What is the best all time medium to making art?
What does "line" mean in art terms? What are some examples?
How do I make wrinkles(cheek pores and minute details) in my graphite portrait, as it increases the realism and takes the work to the next level?
If I make a drawing of an iconic photograph, but change the perspective and certain details, could my artwork be considered as plagiarism?
What is my painting worth?
Why aren't there any classical painters?
Is there a connection between VFX and fine arts?
How do I buy art?
What should I paint if I want to sell my art?
How are paintings scanned without giving harm to them?
Isn't it difficult to give away your most beautiful paintings?
What is the worst example of "modern art"?
How do I interest a gallery in showing our artwork?
What is the essential to start in the business of buying and selling art "paintings"?
Can anything be art if we accept modern art?
I'm going to study Fine arts in Taiwan. What should I choose between Yuan Ze University and National Taiwan Normal University?
Where can I order unique Sculpture?
What is so different about B. Mitchell's art?
Does time move in art?
What inspires you as an artist?
Would it be possible to become a painter in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
How do I know if someone is a good photographer and not just someone with an expensive camera?
What's the best way to start an art gallery specialized in pop and contemporary art?
Can principles in 3D gel electrophoresis be used in art to create 3D figure inside a gel matrix?
What makes Jackson Pollock art so valuable?
Is art only art once it has been recognized?
How can I ask a producer for the vocals of one of his songs?
Why is it that the most appreciated art these days are images of faces or women's naked bodies regardless of whether the art is good or not?
Can you please critique my art?
How did Surrealism affect politics?
How does psychiatric misdiagnosis impact art?
Why is l'art brut so unique?
What is the art from Joe MacMillan's wall?
What are the secret messages behind the paintings?
How can the Baroque style of art be described?
What is the difference between constructivist and suprematist art?
How does Sudev Gs learned to draw on his own?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Hyderabad?
My city doesn't have good school of Arts. What are some places which are good for Arts?
What is the deal with modern art? I really don’t understand why they are priced so high.
Do you consider that rock art can be assumed as beautiful?
How do you determine the price of prints of an original oil painting?
Where can I find good reference photos for art?
What is the best way for an Arts graduate Pakistani to make the both ends meet in livelihood?
Does looking at good art make you feel like a failure as an artist?
Have you ever had goosebumps after seeing images/paintings/pictures?
What are the benefits of taking fine arts classes in high school?
How do modern day flamethrowers learn the art?
What are the three subschools of the Rajasthani school of miniature painting?
Artists: how many paintings do you make per week?
What are some ugly sculptures?
How should I quickly identify a western art painting's genre?
What are the different types of mediums used in art?
What happens to me if I accidentally destroyed the Mona Lisa painting?
What is defined as "medium" in art?
What are your top 5 paintings? Why?
Is controversy better than pure art?
How can I become best at abstract painting? Also how can I start as a professional artist?
Is there a site that keeps track of art challenges?
Which is better BHU or DU for commerce and arts?
Should I submit a recording of my music to MIT or Stanford Slideroom if it isn't considered fine art?
What do you do when your art is bad but it's not improving?
How can I learn to make my own website catering to people selling art and people looking to buy art?
How do STEM and the arts complement one another?
How can I animate without a digital art pad?
Is design an art?
Why is art viewing considered to be an intelligent hobby?
Is a museum the best place to see and appreciate art?
As a photographer, what do you do mostly? Weddings, baby, family or animals, or maybe fine art still life?
What’s the importance of Jackson Pollock’s paintings?
What are some art pieces today that look like from the Renaissance Era?
Does it take a cynical erudite to reliably judge the greatness of a work of art?
How much should an art advisor who is new to art market but has excellent knowledge about market charge the client?
How do I become an art teacher in Las Vegas?
How did Picasso started selling his work in Paris without knowing French?
What are your most beautiful pieces of art?
How and why are artists valuable?
What are some alternatives to airbrush medium?
What are examples of utilitarianism in society?
What is the meaning of typological variations in the context of ajanta paintings?
What are the top 10 best paintings in Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Are there other painters on this site?
What kind of art is on pinterest?
What's the price on painting on movie the accountant?
Can I create art out of used maxi pads?
Is film making an art or commerce?
Do you prefer local art or prestigious art?
When does art become wrong? When does it cross the border between art and dangerous?
What is the most beautiful painting or art you have ever seen?
What are some examples of comics with non-conventional art styles?
What is the coolest piece or book of concept art you've come across?
Is a statue the very same object as the statue-shaped hunk of stone located in the same place?
Where can I get a mid-15th century painting appraised?
Why should I choose Indian paintings?
Would this painting technique be safer on watercolor or bristol board paper as opposed to a primed canvas?
How do you draw watercolor painting on digital art?
Why is postmodern/conceptual art so respected in the art world, when it is so devoid of talent and meaning?
What options do I have as an art dealer/gallery owner to manage my business so it reflects the principles of the Commons Movement?
Where should I focus on while writing a review about an art festival?
What is conceptual landscape painting?
How do you start up with an art journal?
How hard is GRE for an art student?
Where can I get professional painting experience in North Sydney?
Should art not be explanatory?
Why do people prefer paintings done with the pallette knife? Don't they look too abstract?
What are important things to know when opening an art gallery?
How can I make my own app to sell my paintings?
What are the basic materials required for a beginner to start oil painting?
What is the future of Southeast Asia art industry?
What are interesting online communities for fine art photography?
How do I get a dual degree in computer science and fine arts?
What are the best ideas for wall paints in Dance Academy?
Do you think art classes are necessary?
What is the name of this painting, depicting the dispersion of white light phenomenon?
What would one miss skipping over Season 2 of The Wire?
What was the inspiration behind Fred Grayson Sayre's work? How was he affected by it?
What should I do with my Fine Arts degree?
Does Patna University offer a master’s course in fine arts?
What are the best illusion paintings for a sports banner?
Does mathematical art have a future outside architecture?
What kind of value can I get from a Byron Burford painting? Byron Burford was an artist who painted people and things from the circus.
What are the best universities for art history?
What would have happened if Jeff Koons was a Zbrush expert?
Art Historians: What literature on Albrecht Dürer's Adam and Eve (in English or German) would you recommend?
What does an art broker do?
Why do some male artists like having ponytails?
What impact an art magazine can have on the art/artists in a city?
Is politics science or art? Or science and art both?
What is the best way to seal an acrylic painting?
What are the best fine arts colleges in Punjab?
Can we sell physical paintings on Facebook?
What is the difference between the concept of beauty during classical era and renaissance period in terms of art?
What inspired Guillermo Tolentino to do the Bonifacio Monument sculpture? How did it influence the art scene of his time?
Why does art that is just one color with a line through it sell for millions?
If art imitates life, what if life imitates art? Could JFK be the “reverse psychology” of Alice in Wonderland?
What are some unique ways to show off photography?
What is science of art and art of science?
How has the traditional function of the grotesque, in Art, changed in postmodernity?
Is it fair to pay fine if missed a day at college?
What other artwork goes with Patrick Nagel’s art in a 1980s grown-up bedroom?
Is art important in education?
Where is the line between inspiring and stealing?
Why do so many Western artists inherently illustrate Europeans in the modern paintings of precolonial North and West African civilizations?
Why does black and white art look "different" to art in colour?
How do I, at 13 years old, become an amazing artist?
Which is the best institute for fine art evaluater course in the world?
What body painting expos, if any, are popular?
Is there any good art classes in Chennai for adults?
Do wealthier cities invest in art more?
How do I sell my paintings on Amazon?
What are the multiple types visual arts?
Do people still paint Fine Art or does everyone just showcase Paint Spills nowadays?
Why is it believed that life imitates art?
What was the impact made by Michelangelo and his works?
What are disadvantages of doing non-representational art?
What have been the most notable artistic representations of philosophy across centuries?
When is Art sexy and sensual?
What are some great art stories?
What are some different types of artistic agencies in and around Maharashtra?
Are there any glue paintings old or new that you like?
How do you convince someone to buy a painting?
What is Isaac Maimon's best work and why?
How hard is it to make Zootopia fan art?
How can someone be so ignorant about Pixel Art and think it's not real art or something?
With two-dimensional media such as painting and drawing, should mass be implied? How does one imply mass in drawings and paintings?
How does one start creating artwork?
How do great artists and architects cope with the fact that their creations will not last forever?
What can we learn from paintings?
Where can I get most luxurious look for domestic painting in Paddington?
Why do the concept artworks always look better than the actual products?
Was Hitler's art work good?
What are some famous visual artists?
Do you know a minimalist painter who singns his paintings 'luce'?
How does cinema influence your work as a painter?
Do many people understand abstract art and know the best living artists?
What are some of the upcoming art exhibitions for amateur artists in Chennai?
Can I use cabinet varnish in my paintings?
Are there any books where sketches of buildings in traditional Chinese style were painted in phases?
Is it true that Indian history has been painted by Sanskrit or braham paint?
What is a good analysis of the painting "Oath of the Horatii" by Jacques-Louis David?
Which is the best publication for art history and art theory?
Is Krita a good painting freeware?
Is there a good website where I can post artwork besides Deviantart?
What is the meaning of the painting "The Key" by Jackson Pollock?
Which optional subject is better, fine arts or music?
Do you like painting or drawing?
What is the name of the artist who painted this painting?
Where do I learn Mural painting in Bangalore?
Can you do anything in art (like environmental or fashion design) with just a BFA in Studio art?
How would I do my own pop art and take it to a new level?
How about selling art in paintcollar.com? Are they really paying us?
Should I pursue technical fields instead of humanities and art?
What's the funniest art that you've ever seen?
I'm an 11th grade ISC Arts student. How should I study to score 95%?
What should I give name to my painting?
What are the greatest works of art funded through the National Endowment for the Arts?
What painting technique/material was typically used in most ads from the 50's and/or 80's?
Which piece of art can I buy on eBay for less than $100,000 that will raise my status the most?
What is the difference between painting and sculpture?
What is the best way to show nude art on social media and internet? As large audience as possible and as little censorship as possible.
How do artists express their emotions through art?
What are the painting techniques of neoclassicism?
What are your "top three" art forms? Explain the reasons for your order of preference.
Who would win in a drawing competition? A painter or an architect?
What are some very specialized arts that are overlooked in the media?
Which paintings are hosted on Wikipedia as extremely high-resolution images (>100 MP)?
Someone tell me what specific art style Ikimaru and Elentori's art are?
Why are art classes given less importance?
How can I be a great lecturer and master the art of speaking?
How can I get fine arts MSU Baroda entrance exam paper?
What all things should I include to prepare an art gallery brochure?
When did you go from aspiring artist to artist?
Why is anarchy so attractive in art and culture?
What does Post-Impressionist and Impressionist mean? (painting stuff). Can anyone explain these words better
Why, in Norway, must public properties exceeding a certain cost have artwork?
What does a painter feel and think when they paint?
What are some famous paintings that feature oranges?
What are things considered as art?
Starting from a premise that paper provides the best feel for drawing, what is the best interface for digitizing art?
What was the modernist art movement known as Soviet Constructivism, and what was its influence on Strike (Sergei Eisenstein, 1925)?
How do you make seapunk art?
What's the best strategy to identify a market for your art?
How much should I sell a 6x4 foot canvas painting for?
What is about "World painted blood" by Slayer?
What are some semi-realistic art styles other than those in western nations and Japan?
What makes a still-life painting a masterpiece?
What are the best art museums in Kolkata, India?
What is one thing art students and artists can do to strengthen their art skills dramatically?
What's it like for an artist with amnesia to see/hear their own work for the first time?
How do I draw a real picture in painting?
How is mass implied in art?
What is the size of AADHAR databases?
How can art and science meet?
Who described architecture as a social art and why does he/she describe it as an art?
Is it worth to sign up to art therapy for beginners course at Udemy?
How do I find the artist of the antique paintings?
Which artists were once very highly regarded but are now considered unimpressive? Why did the change occur?
If there is a platform for artists, what should it have?
Who is the Roger Ebert of Arts?
What's Leonardo Da Vinci's message in his drawing of five grotesque heads?
What are the most interesting pieces of art about WW2?
Who started art? What impact has this made on modern current society?
How common is it for successful artists to start with a specific idea for a piece, and then come up with the concept/meaning afterwards?
Is there a modern movement in art similar to Dada?
Why did so many great artists live tumultuous lives?
What is the best way to scan line artwork for publication?
What is the essence of art?
What are some of the paintings in which countries are depicted as ladies?
What are the elements of artistic expression?
Do professional artists love art as much as they did before pursuing art as a career?
What percentage of art is in galleries?
In what way do artworks express thoughts?
What are some installation arts that is strongly interactive with its audiences?
Do you have any tips on lanscape painting (watercolours)?
What's academic training in painting like?
Why are the mirror room art displays so popular?
How do I find people to buy my art?
What is the status of Buddhist art and architecture in the present day at a global level?
How should I classify my photography of outdoor statue/sculpture in my portfolio?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Where can I get top quality results and beautiful finishes in Brisbane for any painting work?
Are America's greatest cultural achievements in film and music rather than literature and art?
Where can I get more information about the Sybil paintings?
Does Malaysia not focus on art?
What is contemporary abstract art?
What are the materials required for drywall art sculpture?
Is Anish Kapoor's massive sculpture "Marsyas" on display anywhere?
I broke an important contemporary art piece at a collectors house. What should I do?
How do I find the name of a work of art, when it's not titled?
What are the types of painting?
What are some movies which you think are pretentious and how would you fix them?
What is the coolest artwork you have done?
How much can a person earn by drawing paintings in India?
Does censorship kill the aesthetics of art?
Which art museums have released digitized versions of their archives?
What does the additive process of sculpture include?
How am I supposed to improve in art?
I have a marketable piece of artwork that I would like to license out for royalties. What is the best way to find a licensee?
Am a 28 years old MBA marketer with five years of experience. I wish to study fine arts. Which level and type of course should I opt for?
what are some decent and archival or highly durable paints that are cadmium and cobalt and lead free?
Do you sell prints ONLY after the original art is sold?
How can I start to sell paintings at a higher price? My current prices average from $500-$900?
What are some of the best paintings of Buddha?
Why is ballet an important type of art?
How do I learn Kintsugi art?
How do you interpret something as abstract as a Picasso painting?
What does "One cannot escape the world more certainly than through art, and one cannot bind oneself to it more certainly than through art" mean?
How does Jose Parla compare with Jackson Pollock in terms of abstract expressionism?
What are the different themes an Ib visual art student can choose?
Which is the best, the arts or engineering?
Do we know anything about Miss Bowles as in Gainsbrough's portrait painting or of what he became?
Where can I find photographs to use as basis for art painting?
What piece of art are you most proud of?
What and why would be the biggest problem of the world in different domains ? (Domain: scientists, Art, music, sport technology, business, health etc.)
Is it weird to be turned on by Baroque paintings?
How many works must a person create to be considered an artist?
Why does Germany have such a rich culture of music, literature and art?
Why is music so popular compared to other forms of art?
Who was the best Baroque painter from Nothern Europe: Rubens or Rembrandt?
Should we change the way Art is graded in college?
What is the best way to sign a psychedelic painting?
Which painting is this of a canoe and strange clown under the dock?
How do you like the canvas art?
How does morality affects art?
What are some tips for painting oranges?
Are Printful posters’ quality good enough for Fine Arts Giclée reproductions of oil paintings?
What are some art-related jobs?
What could be the possible words related to art as well as photography?
What are some ways to describe a painting?
What other wall art goes with art prints of dandelions?
Are there any animals that create art, outside of dancing?
What is the most moving piece of street art you have come across?
What is 2D art?
What are some of the most recognizable paintings?
Do art galleries do better in cities or upper class suburbs?
What's the status of Fine art market in India?
Other than deacidification products is there anything anti lignin?
What are some good and easy Spanish paintings I can draw for an art project?
Are/were there any collectors of African-American art in Peru?
How do I legally obtain artwork reproductions rights for making prints of paintings?
Should the Elgin Marbles be returned to Greece?
What type of images are common in Celtic artwork?
Is it considered "cheating" in art if I use another artist's anatomical pose as a reference for my own drawing?
What artwork have you bought?
Which Dutch painters hide their initials within their paintings?
What are some recurring themes that are very common in Western arts and cinema but very uncommon in Chinese arts, or vice versa?
Where are the art galleries in Hyderabad?
How would one go about in developing a taste for art?
Why are canvas paintings by famous artists so irrationally priced?
What is the story behind Vincent Van Gogh's ear?
What is your favorite piece of public art in Philadelphia? Why?
What are the best ways to sell fine art (purchased from a gallery)?
What are some good resources/free courses for beginners in drawing?
How can I learn Landscape painting?
What is the source of the name "Unit 1" (an art movement established by Paul Nash)?
What are some good websites and books to learn about artists and art styles etc?
How does copying existing art improve your own art?
Is physics the same as art?
How can I get my artwork into a museum?
What kind of people buy Surrealist paintings and what is the best way to reach out to them?
How can I buy Angela Dufresne paintings from 2011-14? No works are for sale in any gallery I can find. Is there any way to locate owners?
What can I use to make textured paste for paintings?
When you hang art for display, what are you trying to accomplish?
Is there a relationship between the great spy of the 15th century Giuliano de Bartolomeo del Giocondo and the famous painting La Gioconda?
In art, what are the different types of transitions?
How can you make everything push you to your home (infinite presence)?
Does anyone has first hand experience about Dhokra craft-work? Can you explain the small details associated with it?
How much can a sculptor earn in India? Will being a sculpture artist as a career be good for me?
What is the best advice for a new artist trying to sell their work?
What are the biggest marketplaces to sell own art online?
What abstract artists use mathematical proofs in their art?
How can I get feedback on my first painting?
How can I become a great artist?
Is it good for children to learn painting?
Have you ever acquired art at the fairs such as The Armory Show or Frieze art fair?
Who are some of the best objective artists working today?
How can I learn to think about art the way that great art critics do?
Is mathematics more of an art than a science?
I'm an artist but I do it in spare time and I'm sick of my relatives/friends which want me to draw for them (free) it's not worthy how can I refuse?
Where and how do I learn sign painting?
What is auratic art?
What's important when painting a portrait?
How can I write a good art evaluation?
Why are so many famous 80s artists from England?
Who paints by channeling?
When did Paris become the center of art in Europe?
Can I use my painting art skills in AR and VR for context creation?
How were the eight principles of art created?
How can I make my career in painting?
How do you sell an old oil painting? Would the buyer send his own verifier if I have a Jean-Honoré Fragonard oil painting?
How has technology changed human art making?
Have Indians on Quora ever noticed that Picasso has a number of Ardhanari depictions in his renowned paintings?
Why is the picture of Mona Lisa so controversial?
How do I sell my art (online and offline)?
How can I get funds to continue painting and help myself to survive?
How can I make the best out of the following three materials that I'd like to use on my artworks?
Is it true that fine art graduate tend be to less successful than those who take other art major such as graphic design, illustration, animation, etc?
Is buying fine art paintings online safe?
Why do lowered heads look strange in pre-Rennaissance art?
What are the some of the useful online sources one should follow to become a great artist?
Where can I get top quality industrial and commercial painting work in Cronulla?
How 3D art are formed in our mind?
How can I become a CGI artist?
Do you mind sharing some of your own paintings with meaning?
Does curioos.com allow selling art prints on other platforms as well?
How can I be more abstract in my art and less controlled?
Did Velázquez try to avoid painting?
What are the borders of Art?
What does gloss medium have in it?
How popular is Impressionism in art and how did it become popularized?
Do art connoisseurs and art critics need to be good artists themselves to be taken seriously?
How do I make a wall art with pencil?
If van Goyen painted tulips before the crash and after, which ones would (or are, if he did) worth more and why do you think that is the case?
How do you motivate yourself to draw or make some kind of art everyday?
What are some tips for painting over wallpaper?
Why is Guernica monochromatic?
What can art not express?
When and why did art become subjective in interpretation?
What is the famous painting in worldwide?
What is a 2D sculpture used for?
Why is contemporary art so degenerate?
Should an undiscovered artist with a unique style post their paintings on the internet, or reserve them for gallery-eyes only?
Why we need to varnish paintings?
Who is a better artist Goldlink or Tory Lanez?
What is an artist who draws what they see called?
How long does it take you to draw fancy and complicated digital art?
Why does the Mona Lisa have different horizons?
Will Bo Bartlett be considered a great artist?
Can glass be used to make swarovski-like sculptures like those shown in the pictures?
What are the examples of principles of art?
How can paintings be priceless?
What are the features of Romanticism art?
Why are terrible, boring art pieces done by famous people worth so much while beautiful pieces done by amateurs are worthless?
What kind of art print would complement the Brooklyn bridge art print by Andy Warhol?
Why is painting considered art? What can paintings do?
Are there any gods in the sculpture?
Is the American Academy of Art a good school?
Can an art piece which was done with cheap materials turn into an expensive one?
Which is the best art college in Indore?
How should one get started with practising painting?
What are some unbelievably amazing paintings which I won't understand at once?
Why do some random pictures and paintings have high sale value?
I took lots of pictures on my phone. Is there a service where I can print them to hang as wall art?
How would one theoretically steal a painting from a museum like the Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Did you ever spend USD 5000 plus on the work of art? What made you comfortable spending this amount?
Who is the greatest solo artist ever?
What are the best colleges for a Fine Art major in NYC?
What do you call this type of surrealistic art?
Why has Damien Hirst opened the Newport Street Gallery?
Should you split in two brands if you try to balance commercial and fine art photography?
What is the most abstract painting of a portrait you have seen?
What are the best contemporary painting that made the world like?
In what ways can you describe art?
Why do we need to learn art?
What is the best way to approach a reputable gallery?
Why are certain painting's referred to as 'waifs'?
What is the relationship between architecture and art in Daniel Libeskinds Jewish museum (Berlin)?
How do you scale drawings in DraftSight?
Is it better to paint with plaster on wood panel or canvas. Which among the two is likely to have the least of problems down the road?
Can you get a good quality art reproduction print from a sRGB file?
What are the characteristics of art house movies?
Where can I find a list of the world's best abstract paintings?
How do I find an art licensor?
What is the difference between a faux canvas and gallery wrapped canvas?
Are prints considered fine art or graphic arts?
Where can I buy a copy of the original Indian Constitution (with paintings) as shown in the link in description?
Why is there a skull in "The Ambassadors" painting by Hans Holbein the Younger?
What do you think of my artwork?
What are some alternatives for gesso?
Applied art or architecture what is the best?
Where can I find some adult hand painting kits in UK?
Does this top shape make the text seem bigger or more visible?
Did you pursue a career in visual arts only to realize that you don't enjoy it in spite of being skilled at it?
What are some of less mainstream kinds of culture (besides singing, dancing and painting)?
Does anyone recognize this woman?
What's the meaning of the short film series Don't Hug me I'm Scared?
How can someone learn digital art?
Why haven't photos replaced paintings?
Which are the best online art galleries where I can sell my art (paintings)?
Where can I learn to paint on the internet?
Would it be in "ill taste" to use one of Hitler's paintings for an album cover?
Why art is getting furnished?
Is love an art?
How much does Cupick and Paintcollar-like marketplace pay artists? And is an artist independent to showcase his art on other marketplaces?
What is negative space in sculpture? What are some examples?
What art piece(s) reflects 21st century the best?
How can I get an estimate for my house painting?
What do you think about Illustration at Ringling College of Art and Design?
I have made many canvas paintings. How can I sell them?
Can a person buy a treasure such as the Mona Lisa just to destroy it? Has anyone done something like that? Who today would? How would the world react?
Which artist’s signature is this on an oil painting?
Do you prefer photographs over other visual art such as painting or drawing? Can you say why?
How do you get better at art if your current art is terrible?
What can a non-artist do to persist in learning basic techniques despite not enjoying the process as artists do?
How can I draw Modigliani portraits?
What is InkTober?
What are some of the famous contemporary paintings?
Did Denisovans create sculpture, art or music?
Is the visual arts market valued on bubbles?
Are art galleries in India owned by a businessman?
What can be done to preserve and promote tribal art forms?
I work from my laptop as an artist and make a decently stable income from various artistic endeavors. How might I apply for a visa in Japan?
What is the best job option after doing graduation in fine arts?
How many paintings did Claude Monet paint?
How does painters/artists appreciate/assess the quality of art of another?
How did the 6.2 magnitude earthquake cause so much damage in Italy?
What are the major characteristics of Islamic paintings?
What was William Lethaby's contribution in art education?
Why do so many people take offense to creatives who enjoy their work?
What are the different types of ancient arts and crafts of India having significant economical significance ?
Is there a sculpture that fascinates you?
What position does art have in politics? How do politicians regard and deal with art?
What is a great image, photo, or painting depicting the madness and idiocy of us humans?
How does art reflect history?
Which artist do you like? Why?
What is contextualism in art?
How has the internet impacted the art world?
How is Michiyo Akaishi's art style?
Why are there no human "portraits" in the paleolithic cave paintings in France or Spain?
These are some paintings from Dekunobu Kizakura. What do you think of them?
What does"boheme" mean in English? I thought it means artists who usually starved. Were female artists respectable?
Do you like painting or watching painting works of others?
Have there been studies pertaining to the differences in visual perception and spatial recognition (colors, shapes, perspective) between visual artists (drawing, painting sculpture, photography) and those without these "gifts"?
Regarding iconoclasm in art, which is worse, annihilation or partial destruction?
Why do people buy worthless art?
What would be the best subjects for realistic art?
What can you learn from western paintings?
Has there been devolution in art or does anyone actually think that art has improved since the Belle Epoque or even the Renaissance? How and why?
Where can we see Ousmane Sow sculptures?
I have written permission from an artist to reproduce prints of their work. Do I need anything else for legal purposes?
What are some good found objects for painting on?
How does one buy good quality posters of fine art work in the U.S.?
Is impermanent art more meaningful?
What are good ways to learn about serious art collecting?
How is 3D used in art?
How can I know the value and the painter of a painting?
What is ephemeral art? How is it made and what are some examples?
What do you do when art stops pouring out of you?
Does staples make fine art prints?
I am a young Artist (17 yrs). How can I sell my Art?
What style of art is this image ?
What inspires Chidi Okoye's paintings?
Can this way be teaching me how to draw art?
What caused impressionism to end?
What are the different contexts of art?
What are the newest form of art that your have seen/heard?
What would a modern painting of a shogun look like?
How do I make money creating and selling concrete sculptures?
Where can I found reliable painters and decorators in Warwickshire?
What is the famous work of Guillermo Tolentino? What was his painting style?
What is some information about auditions for movies for someone who wants to become a child artist?
What are some exercises to improve drawing speed?
What are considered key features of Renaissance paintings?
Can anyone identify this portrait or know who may have painted it?
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen and artisans to the realm of fine art?
What hobbies don't involve art?
Who is the most multi-talented artist alive?
How is Roman art different from Greek art?
How do I pursue painting as a career without having art as a subject in Class 12, in India?
Where is Salvador Dali's painting Le Sommeil?
How is math used in art?
Which one is important, either art or science, and why?
Why should we integrate math and art?
What is the role of the artist in artistic practice?
Who is the artist responsible for an image consisting of a group of red circles and a black dot, quoting James Baldwin?
What were the most revolutionary art movements?
Should I become an artist? Attached is a painting I did last year at age 15.
How many youngsters really take painting as a profession?
What are some characteristics of Picasso's most famous portraits?
Is there an online platform to display my art skills?
How can you describe the Mona Lisa?
Can I learn to draw Outside Environments in three months?
Can anything be considered a fact in the Arts?
Can I resell a famous painting if I painted it myself?
Are there any tips for silky looking shading when using graphite?
Who is hot in the New York art scene right now?
What is David Hockney referring to in his artwork when he paints "My brother was only 17"?
Where is the painting exhibition in Hyderabad?
Is teaching considered as an art?
Could making a collection of artwork based on my disability be considered too self absorbed?
What is life like at Jamia Millia Islamia for Fine Arts Students?
Is it possible to create visual art if you are not able to empathise?
Where can I get products related to art and drawing materials in Ahmedabad?
What's so great about Philip Guston?
What are some characteristics in Saron's paintings?
How long does it takes for Kazuo Oga to finish one background painting?
Can I add fine arts in calculating BOF for BA prog. for admission in DU?
What is the difference between a pro and an amateur artist?
Are there any courses available for a 15 year old in fine arts in Kashmir university?
How are art and new technology connected?
What is difference between paint varnish enamel and lacquers?
Can I pursue a master’s in multimedia arts after my degree in electrical engineering ?
What are some best apps that oil paint beautifully?
By 500 BC, Greeks showed nude as art; nowadays, it is considered immoral by most people. So, what does this say about both cultures or civilizations?
Is it typical for fans of a game to be impressed enough with the artwork to want to own it on its own?
What are your experiences with live fine art painting at events?
What is the best school for art education?
Can you critique my painting?
If you can't learn to create better art intellectually, why do I feel like this is happening?
Which kind of paper do I choose for watercolor painting?
Who decides what is considered (an) art?
What is the meaning of "hierarchical scale" in art?
What are the good books on modern sculpture?
What do artists mean by "wrapped canvas"?
Was Van Gogh unlucky in life?
Which colleges are the best for fine arts in Hyderabad?
Are there any books out there that teach a person in general how to design?
Which is the best painting institution in Jammu?
Wat are some best paintings?
Why do you think Fine Arts is still considered a hobby and not a profession in India?
Should I study FINE ART abroad or should I just study it in my own country (vietnam)?
Suppose you agree that Michelangelo’s David and a Van Gogh’s self-portrait are beautiful; do such beauties have something in common?
Why will nobody commission my artwork?
How long do UV resistant varnishes last and how long do they extend the life of a painting?
Would a series on art around Melbourne be a valuable addition to my blog?
Do any of the existentialist philosophers relate to "Landscape with the fall of Icarus" painting?
Why do I have a hard time fully commiting to my art?
What are some examples of simple paintings done by famous artists?
I ordered a new painting online that arrived with cracks and paint flaking off. Was it improperly sealed and am I entitled a refund?
Where can I find large collections of art images from large museums?
When you have images for sale, which are numbered editions - e.g. 1 of 25 - how does that work exactly?
What great art is currently as unwanted as Pre-Raphaelite art was in the 1960s-80s?
What is a prime example of art from the Hellenistic era?
What are some of the mind blowing hidden secrets about Mona Lisa painting?
What does the exploding clock in Salvador Dali's painting "The Persistence of Memory" represent?
What if life really did start imitating modern art?
What's the difference between bribe and fine?
Is photo reference in art cheating?
How long did it take for you to land your first job after graduating college?
Were there any smiles (with teeth) in painting history?
What piece of art brought you an unexpected emotion or deeper understanding, and why?
I have run a new online art community, I would love to feature some of the local artist, do I have to ask for their permission?
What method of printing / style of art is this? Is it printed on metal, foil-stamped, or other?
Which fine art stream is best in India for stable future and good income?
Why isn't brown used much in abstract paintings?
What are some great examples of postcolonial art forms?
How can I explore my painting skills where people notice my work and give me appreciation?
How can I learn to draw and paint?
What is a technical definition of an artwork which is dull, boring or lifeless?
What are characteristics of Impressionism? How is impressionism used and what are some examples?
Am I mediocre artist if my digital art looks terrible?
I need to describe Monet's "Study of Pathway" Painting. Can someone help me with this? The description should create the image in the audience's mind.
What is your favorite art?
How can I mannerly and non-disruptive ask visitors in art gallery to consider stop making squeaking noises by rubber soles-type athletic shoes?
Why can’t I find any big art supply stores in Delhi? (ones that sell artist brands such as Copic, Shinhan, Sakura, Prismacolor etc)
Does pop art still dominate in the USA?
How do musicians balance producing content to sell and making art?
How do I study art history from scratch?
What are some art project ideas for people who aren't good at art?
Why did Robert Rauschenberg become an artist?
What lighting equipment available in India are ideal for still life and portrait painting?
What is an example of a piece of text (book excerpt, song lyric, quote, poem, etc.), that relates to a piece of artwork?
What are some fruit paintings created by famous artists?
How did art start since the very beginning?
What do you make of this installation by Ardan Ozmenoglu?
What are the formal elements of sculpture?
How can you create art on a computer?
Who are the most influential American artists in China?
Can I use lacquer spray paints directly on canvas to make art?
Were arts and artists always considered useless?
How can I print such painting to hang it in the wall?
Do you know this artist? I found this while cleaning and wondering if it was worth anything.
In your opinion, do you like music or visual art more?
Where can I found qualified tradespeople for office painting in Sydney?
What are the most beautiful paintings representing women in your opinion?
How has Rafael Araujo drawn his butterfly series paintings?
How can I pursue arts academically if I don't want to adopt it professionally ?
Can I legally sell paintings of dead artists who passed away more than 60 years? From where can I read the laws of this copyrights?
Why was Dali Catholic but made really surreal paintings?
What makes art interesting for you?
Has anyone ever used knitting to create works of art that are museum worthy?
What school/course should I join in Bangalore for a career in fine arts and design?
What is street art?
How can I make an abstract painting for an art competition?
What are some (preferably famous) artists that has original characters of their own?
Does the art of persuasion actually work on people?
Could famous scientists and mathematicians be able to achieve greatness in an artistic field?
What you think about mona Lisa?
What is marble name art?
What is the first step for getting into collecting / dealing art?
What is an art style?
How can I argue that content is more important than form (in art)?
How can I market for my scifi illustration/concept art?
How much does a font cost for commercial use on album artwork or single artwork?
If Donald Trump would be a famous painting, what it would be and why?
I'm very good at drawing, acting, photography, writing stories and composing music. Is there a job that includes all my passions?
Would you consider providing more funding for the fine arts in both college and professional settings?
What would be a good product to sell at my art booth other than t-shirts and prints?
What are the methods to detect an art forgery?
Why did Italy produce so many great artists around 1300-1600?
What were the paintings of William Blake were based on?
Why did curators agree to let artists like Chris Burden perform such dangerous art? Would such performance art be possible today?
What contemporary or classic artwork is darkest and most bleak?
Can fine art still change society?
Which category on Craigslist can you find artist instructional DVDs on painting for sale?
Should I return to school after moving?
Other than Patrick Nagel art, what other art was on the walls in an 80s bedroom?
Where can someone find a buyer for highly collectible art?
How long do city maps last as color and material?
Why is Rangoli considered an art?
Where can I buy art in India?
Why do you think my literature professor strongly stated that music has to be the most important form of art over literature, visual art, and such?
How is Rossini oil painting different from other types of paint?
Should young artists and urbaneers destroy art world relics as the only relevant target that signals to enemies of future justice?
How can I apply Math in the arts?
What do we mean by 'line work' in Ajanta paintings?
Why is being creative in art so hard?
Do you think people can accept the strange 3D Modern Art right now?
What are some examples of fractals in art?
What is your favorite type of art to create?
Where can I buy good artworks in Coimbatore?
Do you like Gustave Doré’s paintings?
I have a painting that is signed by B. Mitchell. How do I know it is his real art?
Why do Still Life Paintings remain popular today?
Is this an accurate description of a furry, or should I say more about the art?
What brands of watercolors do professional artists mostly use?
For how much would you buy this painting?
How do I register my art and hobby class in Mumbai?
What is routine in a fine arts college?
Are new forms of art being created as technology intersects with traditional art forms?
How do traveling art collections generally work? What happens if someone wants to buy a piece from the collection while it is still on exhibit?
Is there a girl in Vancouver for me?
When and how should I start to make my art portfolio?
How can I tell the quality of a painting from just looking at it?
Which brands of high quality black fine-liners or pigment ink pens could you suggest?
What are some of the best canvases for watercolor painting?
Would continuous bicep exercise weaken our drawing/ writing /painting skills?
How can I tell if a painting is varnished?
How can we tell the difference between an amateur and professional abstract art without knowing who painted it?
How could you make a fake crystal (eg. labradorite) for an art project?
How did Van Gogh impact the 20th century?
What is in the gloss that makes a paint last longer compared to other types like satin, flat or matte?
What are the best fine arts college in Lucknow?
What is French Baroque art? What are characteristics of French Baroque art?
How can I sell tribal paintings in India?
Which family has the largest private art collection?
How do form and content relate to create unity in artwork?
Where can I order a painting?
Should art need to be "explained"?
Where can I find a good art dealer?
What are some good examples of positive and negative shapes in art?
What are your creative awesome art?
What are the best certification institutes for art out of India?
How can The Art of War be applied to business?
What is art as an expression of human experience?
Why isn’t there any award for paintings?
Do you know of anyone who got into an art & design college with a really low GPA?
What are the disadvantages of mixed media in art?
How can I find wealthy people to sell fine art?
What happened to the Night Gallery paintings?
What are the best websites to purchase a quality Monet oil painting reproduction?
What is the relationship between art and morality?
Is it tasteful to display oil paintings and watercolor paintings in the same room?
How do I gain knowledge about art like paintings, designs etc.?
Can freshmen get into UC schools without satisfying the fine arts requirement?
Where can I find art and crafts items in kolkata?
When did Van gogh's paintings increase in value the fastest? Was there a time that the price of his life's work ascended at a great rate?
Who uses an Appraiser when insuring Fine Art?
What are some good watercolor painting software?
What are some good fine art printers for paper and canvas for individual artists?
Which is the best sculpture available on ShowFlipper?
Why is Jade Kandel so good at art?
Why is the word 'fine' used in fine arts?
Why don't people choose a career in fine arts?
What's easier, art or photography?
Is it common for Fine Arts majors to be cliquey?
Does anyone know who did the art/what the art is called in Yasunari Kawabata's Beauty and Sadness?
How do I talk with an Artist?
Does your percentage in class 12th reflect in getting admission for a Bachelor’s in Fine Arts?
What makes great art great?
How can I find my enjoyment in art again?
What kind of sculptures were most important in Greek art? Why are they so important?
I'm retired and an aspirant painter interested in imitating the results of the old masters. How do I set a manageable agenda for self-study?
What aspect of the artwork (Thomas Crawford's statue of freedom) does Vivien green Fryd find most significant?
What supplies do I need to mail artwork reproductions?
What is Van Gogh's “Starry Night”?
What are some of the career options in fine arts in India after doing Btech in CSE?
How do I commercialise my drawing and painting skills?
What are some characteristics of the different types of fine art?
Do art collectors prefer airbrush paintings, or free hand?
What are the charateristics of the neoclassical paintings?
What are the best NON-major art museums in Paris to visit?
Is the pictured drawing a good art piece?
Why most of the artists make nude figures of females only?
How do I turn an idea of a painting into reality if I'm not a good artist?
Are these shapes unorthodox and unpleasant to eyes?
Do you like collage art or just plain old painting?
Why do so few men take art classes?
What are the good ways to learn digital art?
What are some fine art classes to take in college?
What are some works of art (music, literature, film, painting or whatever) that are quite good but little known and commercially unsuccessful?
What is your favourite painting from the Elizabethan era?
How does Nepali painting promote national identity?
Why do art critics ignore M.C. Escher's work?
What is your most loved tool for writing/drawing/painting?
How can I give better feedback to other artists?
I have an old painting of renowned Indian artist which I would like to get restored and valuate. Whom and how should I approach?
What college art class should I take if I don't know how to draw?
Which famous pieces of art might very well be a forgery?
What is the difference between a fine and a penalty?
Where can I post my artwork for free?
Where can I hire more dedicated painting contractors in Maroubra?
What are some easy ways to draw famous paintings?
Where can I sell my own paintings online?
What's it like to study in an atelier?
How can I frame a silk painting?
How much did the Mona Lisa cost to paint? (How much was Da Vinci paid to make it)
How can you make sculptures using sugar?
Has the measure of beauty shifted from the classical age of art? How?
Where can I get complete painting and contracting service for domestic & commercial painting in Pune?
Does art need confession?
Is it worth it for an artist to pay to show his/her work in a book?
Is contemporary art the quest for creating something that cannot be explained with current language?
Do you know of a painter named Blum?
Why is symmetry important in Islamic art?
What exactly is the Nanyang art style or genre?
Why did some artists purposely draw/paint with inaccurate anatomy?
How can you do encaustic painting?
What is New media art?
How should my company approach the US market with handmade watercolor papers?
How important is it to have a first class undergraduate degree when applying for a fine arts program in Oxford?
What qualifies as a breakthrough work of art?
Why is it recommend to sketch on canvas before painting?
What are some failed avante-garde styles in the cultural and artistic realms?
Who was the first painter who painted the final judgment?
Should I continue with my art or drop it while I still can?
How do I get my paintings sold?
Can roses be spray painted?
Is painting with plaster on canvas acceptable or a bad idea? Why?
Who are a few of the leading contemporary visual fine artists, apart from Ai Wei Wei, nowadays?
Would comparing works of visual art be an interesting topic in art education?
I get a few days in Paris, what sculpture/art should I prioritize seeing ? (Thanks)
How does Art Advisory work?
What is the painting in the background of the building where the captain’s body is examined in ‘Nosferatu’?
Can you show the most beautiful work of art created when you were manic?
What are your opinions on modern art?
Why so many old catholic paintings show blonde angels?
Has anyone ever done a fine art painting with both craft paint and artist paint?
What do you think of possible return on investment in contemporary artist Nicholas Chistiakov?
Why do people spend a lot of money to go to art school to make ugly, simple looking art?
Why can't artist be public about their relationships?
How long did it take for William Turner to finish one painting?
How can an art dealer expert in modern art but new in industry, approach client and galleries?
Where can I get an opinion for the profitableness of an art idea?
What are signs someone is highly creative?
What was Pablo Picasso's painting style and how did his style affect artist today?
How should aspiring artists relate to others who don't appreciate what they are doing?
How do I create something that will stand up to the test of time?
What application is used to create icons like these?
Is art a commercial commodity?
What is the value of a KC Chan painting?
What is the process of experimentation in art?
How do colleges view anime-influenced art in admission portfolios?
How big a deal is it to get a conservator to repair a very small nick in a fine art painting?
What kind of art can you make using pine resin?
How can I ship an encaustic painting?
What artwork is this? Who made it?
Can I varnish colored pencil art?
Which of these pieces should I enter for an illustration art competition?
How do I make an image look like Japana's Makoto Shinka's Art?
Is a world without art and music or one without science worse?
Help on pricing this art? My art provided, please judge how much I should price my art!
How is art evaluated?
What are examples of different mediums of painting?
I am thinking of applying for a masters in fine arts. Could anyone please guide me on how to make a portfolio and what to write for my CV and SOP?
Do you ever navigate digital collections of paintings? What is the reason?
How do I charge for painting?
Where can I learn most of the art forms?
Do you know any art pieces about self-optimization?
What is the name of this art form in which we create shapes with trangles and squire? Image in the comments
Who is the historic character holding the scroll on the far left of this painting?
How is the naturalistic representation between feeling and movement evident in the sculptures of the classical and Hellenistic periods?
Why the Mona Lisa facing left feels odd?
How much could I sell art prints for?
Why is transparency in art market needed?
What should we do of our old unused notebooks and art paints received from school?
I want to create metal and wooden works of art. What tools do I need?
Where can I take painting classes in Toronto?
How do I start painting my art?
What inspired Jose Puyet's paintings?
Are painting self-portraits narcissistic? I am avoiding painting myself.
Should I major in art, astrophysics or aerospace engineering?
Why do artist differ in the way they express themselves?
What is the location depicted in this painting?
What is the most beautiful painting of the Crucifixion?
What are few things you wished you had done in art school?
What would our world look like today if we had no imagination?
I bought this painting but it got torn. How can I fix this?
What are the basic requirements of oil painting and also how should a begginer start with oil painting?
Who painted this?
What are some examples of Roman Art forms?
Which are the best online art galleries in Europe?
Can an art collector please give a critique of this work of marquetry?
Can I get an opinion on my recent paintings?
What were Ben Quilty's ambitions to become an artist?
Where do you get best painting and decorating services in Kensington?
Do anyone want to list your art contest or drawings competition for free?
How can I undestand applied art?
What is the unique feature of Tanjore paintings?
Is there a market for micro art?
Do art collections each have their own message?
What is the current status of the art market?
What surface did Van Gogh paint on?
What books would you recommend to somebody who has absolutely no idea about Fine Arts but is interested in learning about it?
What are the best interactive art exhibitions website?
Is consoling an art or am I an insensitive person?
What qualification is required for admission in Sir J J School Of Arts in degree course in Fine Arts? When will the admission start?
How do I learn epoxy painting in India?
How can I create negative shapes in art?
What is the relationship between art work on emotions and the world?
If I do arts then what careers I can do in future?
How can I learn painting myself?
I can't draw that well. Will I ever be able to pursue creating art?
What was Hitler's art career like?
What are some of the most iconic Picasso paintings?
What are some books/essays/articles/etc. on the relationship between Edward Hopper's art and the cinema that you'd recommend?
Who are some female Renaissance artists?
Why has Dansaekhwa (Korean minimalist painting) achieved a great deal of attention recently?
I am looking into building a computer for art, what are some recommended specs/hardware for it since it will be solely for art?
Do I need to be a skillful artist to create valuable art?
What are some innovative works of art?
What are some restrictions when painting with oil based paint in the state of California?
Is there a correlation between the Nazis suppressing the arts and the Trump administration defunding the arts?
Who founded art movement suprematism?
Which one is better, an artist who focuses on selling or an artist who focuses on the art?
Do you have to have experience drawing before majoring in fine arts in college?
What category of art would the statues, titled “The Emperor has no Balls,” Donald Trump statues fall into?
How can I be a better artist?
How can I make art from waste pens?
I'm sixteen years old and I value art of all forms, history, and human beauty; I have no true direction in my life and I am stumped, what should I do?
When you were accepted into an art & design college was your portfolio better than your GPA or was your academic record more outstanding?
I've just read about Bilibin. Are there any modern Russian illustrators of high skill ant art value out there?
What is Artist card? What is its significance and types?
Why do people like art school?
Does anyone still make fine-art Viewmaster slides?
I'm trying to remember the name of this really young Asian Australian or NZ painter who committed suicide in either 2014 or 2015?
What would you recommend I do if I want to study fine arts, but on my own and not through an institute or online courses?
What are the two signs of a Vincent van Gogh painting real or fake?
What is the oldest pre-historic man's painting ever found?
What is name of this style of art and how is it made?
What are some good artists / artwork for the theme "together and/or apart"?
What is the economic value of the arts?
What is your favourite Japanese painting?
How common is it for meditation to make artists so calm that their art quality declines? (b/c their best art is triggered by emotionality)
Is a fine arts student able to become an automobile designer? What is the eligibility criteria for that?
I am new to oil painting on canvas. I am curious, what are the best household items you can use to thin the oil paints?
What style of art does Leonardo da Vinci do?
Is there any distance learning/correspondence fine arts and crafts courses in India?
How would art speak to somebody?
What drawing or painting describes your personality and why?
Can art exist with propaganda?
Are there any general standards in Art?
What are some fascinating global art projects?
Who is the famous artist who painted the picture of horses, maybe polo, with a large pole going right through the middle of the painting?
Does India lack originality and innovation in modern arts, architecture and solutions for town planning?
How long did it take you to learn sketching and painting on your own?
Are there any good books on what is art and extracting meaning from art? I am looking for insightful and fundamental works?
For locals have you tried selling your artworks through classified sites and magazines or newspapers ads? How did that go?
What material is best for an undersketch of an oil painting? Pencil seems to muddy my lighter colors.
Does anyone have some wall-painting ideas?
What are the pieces of art that evoke the most emotion?
Can a face art be imaginary?
Do you have a story to share of your experience of magical realism?
Which website on fan-art do you like best?
Why and how did the pop art movement begin?
Do you think some contemporary art is overpriced?
What are some of the most famous online art galleries?
What is an example of a piece of text and piece of artwork that share a similar theme/ meaning?
How do you add personality to a character or an illustration?
What are some good overview articles on contemporary art?
I am 32 years old and literally can not draw at all. Would it still be possible to become a paid illustrator in the next 5 years? Where do I start?
Has anyone had any luck with artist hardship grants?
Why do people think art is far away from our life?
What is the meaning of this art painting ? See below
How do I give rafael effect in painting?
What can l do after taking arts?
How can Claes Oldenburg's be applied when making a sculpture?
What percentage commission should a gallery give an art dealer if he sells his client's artwork to a client of the gallery?
Is nudity a form of art or pornographic materials?
Can I get into the Oxford Master of Fine Art (MFA) without a relevant Bachelor's degree?
Which is the best fine art college in India for MFA?
Should inappropriate art (such as the new Emmett Till painting) be censored?
How does the value of art change over time in photography?
What are some examples of dominance art?
What is the way of applying varnish on acrylic canvas painting?
What is the painting on Garib Rath train coaches ?
What conditions do you need to work in an art gallery?
Should governments subsidise the arts? Explain your answer using relevant examples to illustrate your points.
Can the entire history of someone's thoughts become a painting?
What is this style of art called?
What are some methods for working with sculpture?
Have any artists here gotten commissions through CODAwerx?
How can you get top class painting services which charge you a fair price?
Is fine arts degree affiliated in OPJ university by UGC?
How do I make a dry leaves art?
What is a method with which a non art student can create their own art style?
What do you prefer: a sketchy painting or a complete, full color painting?
What is the oldest painting or sculpture that shows a yagnopavitham?
I'm a beginner at Digital arts/paintings and progressing. What would be the best PG course in NID for me?
How do I market my painting company?
I have a painting by Janos Kardos that I believe has appreciated in value. How do I find out if that is correct? And then how do I sell it?
What is the most economic yet safe way of shipping pencil sketches and canvas paintings that are not framed?
How long did it take Vincent Van Gogh to paint the Starry Night?
What are some great places to network with other oil painting artists online?
Can you critique my art?
How do you find and choose a trustworthy painter/decorator?
Why do you consider art, or paintings, useless, despite all the evidence to the contrary?
What should I do if I am good at art?
Is all art inherently political?
How do I perform frame movement for inserting clip art to illustrate running of a car automatically?
What is the best way for an artist (painter) to exhibit and sell his/her work to galleries and art buyers (In India)?
Is Kassel more art related than other cities in Germany?
Have you ever thought about learning to draw or paint?
How do I create a paint that changes due to temperature?
Who is the woman in this picture?
Can you give historical instances of artists who were famous in their time, but then for some reason lost their fame and are not famous now?
What art was on the walls, other than Patrick Nagel’s art, in a single male's bedroom back in the 80s?
Can anyone sell reprinted famous artwork online?
What does it take me to be a succesful artist?
What are the essential functions of art?
What courses can I take if I'm interested in both physics and fine art?
What is this fantastic painting called?
Are religious Jews allowed to make sculptures or paint portraits?
What does it mean to encase something in relation to art?
Politics as an academic discipline is more of an art than science discuss this assertion?
Has modern art become more about being freakish and sensationalistic instead of being creative and original?
What is the best art to copy?
What was the most expensive piece of art work sold in 2016?
How do I price my canvas art work in a gallery?
Why are relief paintings or sculptures called "reliefs"?
How can I get good at doing art? What is the best approach?
What is the blackest paint the most light absorbing paint ever invented?
Why was the Arnolfini portrait painted?
How can you make an analysis of the painting Venus of Urbino?
What is the significance of Art to our lives as a society?
What impressionist paintings are found in the Louvre?
How did Roman art influence Modern art?
What are the most provocative pieces of art ever?
What are fine artists who work digitally doing to add value to the work they sell?
If language is decorated silence and art is decorated space, what is writing?
How can I reach out to an artist to order a painting of my picture?
What do you think of Saatchi Art (the online gallery) . Does it works well on profit ？ Lots of online gallery was building in China recent?
What are the most beautiful works of art ever created?
How can Pablo Picasso's style of painting be explained?
How much of the subject matter is on the art side in the UP Board?
Can you share an artwork that you have created that you are most proud of and why?
What characteristics define non representational art?
What is the painting by Pablo Picasso "Guernica" named for?
What is the use of learning digital painting?
How good is my art? How could I improve in it?
What are some websites where artists will critique submitted drawings?
How can I convince someone that people do make a living by creating art?
What website could effectively help and teach you about drawing buildings and landscapes for free?
What are the best personal logos of traditional artists?
What's the name of this type of art ?
What are some of the better known paintings from Puerto Rico and who were they painted by?
What is the typical relationship between an art museum and a for-profit gallery as it relates to an exhibition?
How do I gain inspiration to do art?
Is every piece of art built on the foundation of tragedy?
What makes acmeist poetry different from other styles?
Would you say this piece is abstract?
Where can I get affordable house painting & exterior house painting services in Maroubra?
Why do acrylic and oil paintings cost more than watercolor paintings?
What are the arts?
Do you know what this 16th century painting represents?
What does it take for an artist to be well recognized?
What artistic technique did Giotto help pioneer?
Why is Banksy the only famous graffiti artist?
What was Andy Goldsworthy's first sculpture?
What made Michelangelo's painting style so unique?
What does a still life painting portray and what are some examples?
Why can the artist live in the desert but the artisan does not?
What courses would you study at the National Taiwan Normal University’s department of Fine Art - only traditional art, or also art media and digital art?
Is art an imitation or an interpretation of nature?
If the subject of your painting was an ugly person, would that amount to an ugly piece of art?
In what ways can I improve my art?
What is the best way for a traditional artist to start learning digital art?
How many of you like Tanjore paintings? Are you ready to buy?
If you had to create a work of art with machine learning, what would it do?
Where is the art market for expressionism / abstract expressionism focused? How do you get in?
What is the painting technique that makes eyes appear to follow the viewer?
Why does body art vastly impact personal opinion?
What are the best movies that animate paintings and painted art?
Why are there so many squirrels in eighteenth-century English paintings?
Can I sell my art made from references taken from the internet?
What is the significance of "The Ignudi" in Michelangelo painting?
Where can I upload my artwork that will guarantee as best as possible that nobody will try to steal it?
What photographers are famous for their pictures of flowers?
What do you think about Art in Thailand?
Does having darker skin make the eyes look bigger or smaller?
Can someone help me identify and/or appraise these paintings?
Where can I go to check some samples of bad art?
What kind of wagon is depicted in Constable's painting "Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows"?
What are some facts about aboriginal art?
How do you feel about making art?
What is semi abstract art?
Are old Japanese paintings not as realistic as European ones?
Why do we need diversity in the arts?
How do I make whimsical art?
Why is making art a mental therapy (psychotherapy)? How does that work?
Do you think that the paintings of Henri Rousseau are naive?
What is digital painting?
Would you consider art as a start up?
Would you hesitate to feature your art work on digitally printed glass?
Is drawing of random fishing nets on canvas considered art?
Who is C. Roberts and what paintings are he best know for?
Is there any suitable and reliable websites or application for selling my photographs and paintings?
What does sculpture express about memory that paintings cannot?
What brands of archival drawing paper (besides the archival types of "Strathmore") could you suggest?
Is it wasteful for artists to use new materials to create artworks?
Is it worth selling art prints from India to other countries?
Should I submit an arts portfolio for my college app?
What are some examples of contemporary expressionist art?
What are some movements in art right now?
What is “Pragyaparamita”, and what is its significance in art?
Where can I get a portrait painting made on canvas in Hyderabad?
Is there a special name for the Hindu art with all the interconnecting layers of visual and spiritual information?
Why is fan art frowned upon by art teachers and the art world in general? Is it less legitimate than other art forms?
For sinterklaas (Dutch holiday) I have to make a DIY project for a woman who likes yoga, art (collecting), reading and singing. What can I make?
What's wrong with telling people how to make arts?
What is kama art?
Do we get Torrents for Sagar Arts' Krishna?
What are the top painters best paintings ever?
How succesful does an aspiring artist end up being?
Do artist have different skill?
What artist are you most inspired by?
What are some of Ray Parslow's successful designs?
What is the meaning behind baby angel paintings?
What piece of art or popular culture has had the biggest influence on politics?
Why do people leave bad reviews on trip advisor about art galleries with the explanation "I don't like art"?
Where can I get art paintings in Chennai?
What arguments do Art advisors use most successfully to convince the client to buy particular artwork?
Can I use the creation of man painting commercially?
What are the characteristics of Salvador Dali's painting style?
What is the significance of Pablo Picasso's "The Roaster" painting?
What are the job prospects in India for fine arts?
Where do people discover art?
What are some 21st century art styles?
How do I paint a gallery to make it look awesome?
What artwork did you use to get into art school?
What kind of students/person fit better in art schools?
Which college major provides the strongest tools to become an informed citizen?
What's the best process to waterseal paint ink on leather?
Does fine arts has a better scope for boys?
I want to switch my field to fine arts. I'm currently a working professional. Can someone tell me what is the eligibility criteria for fine arts and which are the institutes (India/abroad) offering such courses?
Which university in Japan has the best Fine Arts Department?
How good are The Art Institutes?
How can I brighten up my digital painting?
Where can I get an effective quality service for commercial painting in Hurstville?
How do I channel my emotion into art?
Was William Morris a socialist?
How do I start selling Digital Art online?
Do you like painting?
What are the various platforms available where painters can sell their art?
What can an Artist do to attract and sell directly to taste makers, sneezers and collectionists bypassing gallerists and other gatekeepers?
Which Photoshop version should I get for digital art?
How can I make time for my art while studying through a rigorous curriculum in an American medical school?
Which is the best school for martial arts?
How do I grow a successful Painting and decorating company in the UK?
How do I fnd a signature of a painting of a little boy on a beach holding a small pail?
How do I support myself as an artist?
Where can I get only the best quality paints for office painting in Baulkham Hills?
What's the best city in Germany to study art?
Can anyone give tips to keep in mind while drawing facial expressions?
What is some contemporary Islamic philosophy that discusses the role of art in society?
Who are the main players in the art world?
How do they restore cave paintings from the past?
Are there any art schools that accept students solely on their portfolios?
+-why do people think art can be pretentious?
Where can I sell my artwork in Bangalore?
Can drawing realism make you a better artist?
What is Archival Quality?
What is the best book about modern art and contemporary art?
Is fine rare art a great investment?
What are some examples of current art that strives to capture beauty without ideological motivations?
Can we say that art and science are related?
How long does gold leafing last?
How does Greek art differ from Macedonian art?
What was the impact of the reformation of art and architecture in Europe?
Where can I find information about painting with mixed media?
Photography is science or art?
Which is your favourite piece of art done by you?
Do you find the XXI century graphically boring compared to the previous decades?
How do I use textured white with paints?
Where do hotels, institutions, and corporations source their fine art?
What art do you think is not appreciated? (This art could be music, photography etc)
How can I get better at art, since I am currently a very bad artist?
What is the name of a nice book to learn drawing and painting?
How can I find Surrealism art collectors?
What is your idea of America's “best” work of art?
Are art and music a part of science?
What is the distinct feature of the painting of Raja Ravi Varma?
What are some common applications for a kinetic sculpture?
I need to choose a type of art like literature or painting during a time period that had a major impact on that time. Please Help?
How can I appreciate the arts as a scientist?
Where can I find nice paintings for my room? Any online websites?
What are some facts about Henri Rousseau and his paintings?
What are the various types of Original Art Paintings?
Who is the hottest artist in Cleveland?
Where can I find inspiration for my next painting?
To what extent can artists utilize unlikely media and still have their work be considered art?
Where do I find an example of art exhibit proposal letter?
Is fine art considered the "best" and most valuable overall?
How do I become a micro artist?
What did your older art look like compared to your newer art, and how do you feel you've improved over the years?
What should I look for in a college if I want to become an artist?
Where can I find 12th century art in New York?
What do I need to do besides practicing to improve at art?
How would you define this art style? How do people make this kind of art?
Would people pay well for scanned prints of my artwork?
When applying gesso on wood or canvas to prepare your ground, is it vital to sand it afterwards or is it just a preference many people have?
Do you agree with this statement? The finest application of technology is that it allows us to record art and artistic performances indefinitely.
Should a skilled, undiscovered artist post their art on the internet or reserve their art for potential gallery eyes only?
Can I use “Fabriano Bristol” drawing paper for art exhibitions or do I need an archival quality paper?
Is smudge painting a cheating in digital art?
Why are there no more paintings like there used to be?
When should I buy paints of a better quality?
What are some of the best art galleries in England?
Where can I see Yayoi Kusama's artworks in Japan?
How do I make my portfolio for art direction so that I can apply to schools?
How has art changed?
Which type of paintings are mostly sold in Indian houses?
Why is the fine art market so large and mysterious?
Most art historians I know have an attitude akin to connoisseurship regarding art. How do I develop this kind of familiarity with the topic?
How can you determine if your paintings have any value?
What's the meaning behind C.M. Coolidge's painting "A Friend in Need"?
Should the meaning of art be determined by the creator or the viewer?
Are there any sites with poses for quick art sketches?
Should everybody be an artist?
What are the disadvantages of mixed media art?
Who's disrupting the art market?
How can I help make the world better through graphism and art?
What are the top ten reasons why the Italian art is unique in the world?
When should I expect an admission reply for a master’s course from The Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts? They received my application on the 26th of February 2017.
What do you call an art style that takes unpleasant things and turn it into art?
How do I create a public art installation in NYC?
What can I write about pop art?
Can we use poster colours for glass painting?
Do you need to know how to draw to start painting?
Why isn’t art valued in schools?
Do you think that a painting or a sculpture can evoke as strong feelings as a movie or a song does?
Are there real jobs in the concept art industry?
What are the characteristics of monotone art?
If I were to invest in a new art gallery as an angel investor would I make any money?
What are the best combinations to be taken in arts subject?
How do I do a painting?
Can you name a museum activity that helped you engage with the art work?
Can Muslims own a bust sculpture (sculpture of a face) or a full sculpture that is disfigured?
How can I display my artwork (portraits)?
Do you know the name of a surrealist/ psychedelic style painting of a street with hundreds of detailed characters? "Barcelona" is in the title
Is it possible to do paint brush strokes in Sketch?
I am an artist from India, how can I sell my paintings internationally?
What is an average mat width for a 10" x 10" or 11" x 14" portrait drawing?
What constitutes true "art"?
What is the best business advice for an artist?
Who can give me orders for custom made paintings and portraits?
What are some facts of Vincent van Gogh's paintings?
What does it feel to be a foley artist?
Can I provide deviant art pictures in my mobile app?
Where are most people getting their paintings framed?
Where can I experience a Rothko painting in Washington DC?
What is the best way to find clients to buy my paintings online?
Are there any tutorials on how to digitally paint "night vision style" environments?
What kind of art style is this?
What is Justin maller's art type?
What are the fine and applied arts?
Is it always necessary to use fresh milk to make curds for casein paint, or can you use powdered milk with dried lime powder as well?
Is there a data base of scafa-tornabene publishing art prints?
Are the record label executives pushing rap artists to produce albums with lyrics that celebrates violence, drugs, and misogyny?
Where are museums about European art and culture in Asia?
What are some great masterpiece painting and their hidden secrets?
How does/would one feel at seeing a piece of art, for example a larger-than-life portrait, in a gallery or publication without having given consent?
What's the best or most influential painting in/from your country?
Did you have any experience in painting when you were a little?
How do I buy fine art?
How conceptual is "Conceptual Art"?
What are the merits of being an artist?
What brushes do you use for painting?
Is fine art photography important to the interior design world?
Are drugs the ultimate form of art?
Which art is currently the world's most demanded? What has the greatest potential in the future?
How are wooden sculptures made?
Do more people buy framed paintings than non-framed paintings?
What other issues can painting on unprimed wood have other than aging a bit quicker than primed ones?
Were the sketches and paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder created in love or contempt for the peasant class?
What piece of art has left you mesmerized?
Is Hebru Brantley’s art worth buying from an appreciation standpoint?
If we, global citizens, were to paint a moral portrait of the US, what would it look like?
How much do art history students learn about music?
What is the best sugar art you have seen?
How do you symbolized "Why" in picture or art?
I got 97% in cbse board with subjects Physics, Chemistry, English and Fine Arts as my best four. Which colleges can I get in DU (Eng Hon)?
What are the most beautiful sketches, drawings or paintings you have ever drawn?
Which was the most popular version of Art of Noise's "Moments in Love"?
Why doesn't Viria like her art to be shared?
What are the most significant Art fair of 2016?
How does one paint on a sculpture made of polyester resin?
What are some strategies to win at high end art auctions?
Which pays less, a music career or a fine arts career?
How is painting as a 6th subject?
How do you unclog an oil paint marker?
How should I prepare for ECA quota painting?
Can somebody list out some things that are easy to draw and harder to draw?
How soon will automation affect the future of concept art?
Why steal a collection of paintings only to ransom them back to the owners?
Which European monarch/general/noble had the coolest portrait painting?
what style of art is this?
Where is the best place to get a digital picture framed online at a reasonable price?
How is painting important?
In Bangalore, do you know any painters who can paint a photo on glass or a bottle?
Can you critique my sketch?
What are the names of the books about harmony and contrast?
To what extent should art be self-denial? If so, what is the purpose of creativity, and if not, what would be the purpose of the text?
What is an easy drawing or painting which portrays your perception of a fruit vendor?
What are some characteristics of hellenistic art? What are some examples and how is it made?
What is the minimum grade required to take pursue a Masters degree in Fine Arts/Design in Germany?
What are some examples of the different elements of art?
Is it difficult to get your art in Montreal art galleries?
What are some tips on painting an artwork?
Are there any good books to read to master the art of influencing people?
What do people think of John Wayne Gacy As an artist?
I'm visiting Barcelona on an art course for 2 weeks in summer. What are some recommendations on things to see, restaurants &amp; anything art related?
Can literature, art, sculpture, poetry or music lead a revolution?
What was usually represented in cave art paintings?
How do you draw digital art?
What is the role of Art in crisis?
Where can I find the inspiration and motivation to create unique works of art for my portfolio?
How does Painting contractors work?
How do I make money out of my skills while I am a college student?
Can anything be art?
Which field earns a lot of money, law, engineering, or the fine arts?
I am good at drawing and painting. How can I make a good future out of it?
What are some good ideas for art projects?
What is the best city for traditional Japanese visual art?
What is the relationship of Kandinsky's early work to his more abstract paintings?
What makes photography an art form?
How do I use soft pastels (chalk pastels) on canvas? How do I preserve the resultant painting?
What inspired Vincent Van Gogh?
Hi I'm an artist and I want to sell my digital paintings online. How do I do that?
What does realism mean in arts?
What is the difference between a Swami and a rishi in the art of living?
What is the best way to preserve art work (photos, drawings, paintings, etc.)?
How much should I charge a corporation for an art painting party?
What's the small abstract art exhibit that is 1 painting in a museum with solid colors (black, I think) that is large (maybe painted on the walls) that people say is very moving?
Why do a lot of people say that an artist is "cheating" when they use a reference photo for a drawing?
Would you buy paintings online? Why or why not?
Why the revolutions of 1830 are considered to be romantic?
Between art and science, which is the best?
Are there good boards on Pinterest that focus on great contemporary painting and sculpture?
Which kind of art do you think is more important, the art we see in the cinema or the art we see in art galleries and museums?
What are some of the best apps and programs to start doing digital art with?
What is the best place to have quality art prints made? (I don't own a scanner)
In art, is there a relationship?
What are the best art fairs around the world to exhibit and sell modern art?
What makes art valuable? Is it the same thing that makes it "good"?
What are some famous artists from the Baroque art period?
What are the most prestigious art forms ranked from highest to lowest?
What are the best selling art-of books?
What are some alternatives to gel mediums that one could use as an archival glue for collage?
What exactly is unity and variety in art?
What are some good art schools that will easily accept any transfer student?
Would you share some of your artwork with us?
What is the best way to store unmounted oil paintings on paper or canvas?
Which museums outside of Japan have the best collections of Ainu art?
Where can I get very professional painting job in Cronulla?
What is the best place to sell art products in India?
Is it true that tuition to Russian Imperial Academy of Art is free?
Where can I find art market data and analytics?
What makes van Gogh strikingly different in fame?
How do I maximize the profit I make on selling my drawings?
What are your opinion about the paintings below?
How can I improve my fine art skill online?
What are the different contemporary art form?
How do I sell paintings when my niche is Christian art?
How come most cave art drawings are so good and quite professional?
If you could instantly master a different art style, what would it be?
How can I compare and contrast different paintings?
Why is art speak so prevalent in the art world?
Where do I find these touristy printed paintings in Barcelona?
Which art majors can lead to a good career?
Is it worth buying Copic Marker pens?
How can I make money as a muralist?
What are the best tips for painting art?
Is there a famous painter in history who was banned from an art gallery for persistent attempts at retouching his work?
In (not limited to) America, the street artists seem to be pretty decent. Why do they choose to do street art instead of pursuing a career in art?
What do you think about painting the inside of a China cabinet black?
How do we sell paintings?
How do children learn to paint?
I want to learn painting, how can I be more creative?
Can a landscape in its natural form be considered an art piece?
What is concept art?
Can you really make paint with calcium carbonate or baking soda, if so how long would this paint last?
How do I get rid of crease on paper?
In the artist alley at anime Conventions, why are artist allowed to sell artwork based on copyrighted material?
Where can I buy crafts and glass painting items in Velachery?
Where can I get superior quality workmanship for home painting at competitive prices in Cronulla?
Are there other notable Apprenticeships in Scenic Painting like the one provided by IATSE?
What is the difference between art and sculpture?
Say I produce a painting with a person with a branded bag. Provocatively, a prostitute with a branded bag. Can I potentially get sued by that co.?
What are artists experimenting in now?
Is art something that most people can make, and if so why do some artists describe it as a transcendent creative process?
Which book is best for preparation for fine arts in class12?
Why does music have a greater emotional impact than visual art when we are predominantly visual beings?
What were contemporary reactions to Ilya Chasnik and specifically the painting Cosmos?
Which art installations would look good in a contemporary home?
Why is the Golden Ratio PHI considered beautiful? Why does the Divine Proportion exalt art, architecture, and nature? Does anyone yet deny its beauty?
Are you an amateur painter of any age? Show your top 5 simple, deep & thoughtful paintings.
Where can I get exceptional experience for domestic painting in Maroubra?
Why do artist have different perception?
What is the historical background of Japanese art and what are some examples of it?
What is a good book about how to talk about your art?
If teaching is an art, why are teachers not considered to be artists?
Have you ever modeled for an art class?
What are some facts of Surrealism art?
If an employee of an art gallery accidentally breaks a piece of art which was not secured properly, do they pay for this?
What is the simplest waterpainting you have drawn?
When it comes to collage art with colored paper. Do you prefer glossy or matte?
Was Modern Art the CIA “weapon”? According to some declassified info in the press, it was. Is Contemporary Art used as the propaganda weapon as well?
What are some creative career options for someone who majors in fine arts, has a minor in computer science and then pursues medicine?
What happened to Doctor Art Ayers? (coolinginflammation.blogspot.com is not updated anymore)
How craft artists have made a transition from craftsmen/artisans to the realm of fine artists?
Does such a thing as avant-garde exist in contemporary art, or is this term purely historical and embracing only pre-war art?
Who painted this painting from a Chinese TV show called “Pretty Li Hui Zhen”?
How Salvador Dali become an artist? How did he influenced modern art?
What art prints should I use in my bedroom instead of fashion that could go with flowers?
How do I prepare for masters in visual art from Aurobindo College?
Can I write nios sr.secondary painting exam after three years of gap?
What does the title of one of Franz Kline's paintings, "The Ballantine," mean?
Would you agree that some of the best works of art are done by children, rather than so-called trained artists, and the opposite as well?
Walter Benjamin, an art god, said, “creativity is passé, and art is only good as working class propaganda”. Why is there no mention of this in Art History?
Why exactly is Renaissance art more realistic and lifelike (especially in its portrayal of human beings) in comparison to Medieval art?
Who are the sportsmen who epitomise the concept of an artist, i.e. who play their respective games in such a way that it seems like art?
Which artist drew the most self-portraits?
What are some characteristics of Hundertwasser's artwork?
What are some facts about the artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser?
Is it considered infringement to sell hand-drawn paintings of already copyrighted art?
How do I become a performing artist?
Why is the Jatayu sculpture in the Jatayu Nature Park in Kerala looking like an Eagle?
Where can I hire fully trained painting contractor in Chatswood?
What is the difference between coating and painting? Are there any similarities?
Did professional artists know what they will be working on when they were starting out?
How is arts/ humanities viewed in your country?
Is there any way to get good art paper without having to buy from strathmore?
What is the purpose of scale and proportion in art?
What do I need to do if I'm interested in fine arts but I don't want it as a profession? All I want is to earn from my hobby.
How can I meet people who are interested in modern art music?
How could I find an artist or a painter to cooperate on a board game project?
What are the similarities in the culture of Kerala and Tamil Nadu?
What are your thoughts on my painting?
Is there any advantage to making miniature paintings exclusively?
How do artist upload their books on webtoon?
What are some examples of historical artworks (not images) that depict infinity as an abstraction or narrative?
As an established but unknown artist, what New York galleries are the best to approach right now?
What is importance of 3D art?
Where does our appreciation of art come from? How do Humans find things beautiful/meaningful?
How do you make an art journal?
I have artwork and sculptures I want to sell, but I can't identify the artist. The ones I can identify are so rare, how do I assign a value?
I recently discovered my passion in creating art. How can I get into a career in drawing/painting at 23?
What materials does one need for (traditional) Zen painting?
What is your favourite historical work of art?
How are Starving Artist paintings made?
What is the most beautiful artwork of a dragon you have ever seen?
Do you have to be an artist yourself in order to be an art restorer or curator?
Can someone identify this artist, who is from Glasgow around the 80s?
How does a budding artist get a manager?
Has anyone have any paintings by the painter called "Helagson"?
What are some of the top Arts news websites?
Does a viewer need to know the artist’s intent to enjoy/understand art?
How do I improve my digital art?
How is dying also an art?
Would you consider some trends as art?
What is a good approach to collecting art for a beginner?
What is the significance of Osip Mandelstam in literature?
Do experts over-analyze the meaning of art works?
What are the elements of style in art? How can they be described?
Why do some artists “overshare”?
Have you ever painted fine art on a chinese wood box? How did it hold up?
What is the painting with "nihil" on it?
How is fine arts in BHU?
Where do I get abstract metal wall art for my home?
Do you agree that art is more important than reading and writing? Why?
I have skill with graphites and charcoal, but limited skill with paints and pastels. Is this a problem if I am to become an artist?
What social media is best to make an art portfolio?
What kind of drawing paper do you use for selling your finished artwork?
What paint do I use for wall paintings?
Are smartphones killing the fine art of conversation?
What is the best thing to put in an art portfolio?
What sort of art do you love?
Where can I hire efficient painting contractor in northern beaches?
How is Germanic tribal art made?
What are some things that an artist use?
How can I improve my artist sketches?
How can I perform better in Arts examination?
What should I use in my bedroom, instead of fashion art prints? I'm not into fashion.
What are some rare and beautiful typewriters that are good to write with?
What is humanistic art?
Would anyone consider paying a painter to paint their walls a custom original design?
What are the best art programs for PC?
Are there any fine art apprenticeships out there?
Which art piece have you done that you are most connected to?
What are free form shapes used for in art?
What does an art degree accomplish?
What is the meaning of (non-toxic) and (zero-VOC) painting?
What is the relationship between war and art?
How would I make whimsical pop art?
Why do people like to create art?
Can I include a nude painting in my art portfolio for an art teaching position?
I am having trouble choosing what career I want. What should I do?
Is art subjective? Can somebody say that something "isn't art" just because they don't enjoy it?
Can 2 paintings be compared?
How can I do metallic painting in Photoshop?
What does "line quality" mean in art? What are some examples?
Where can I find artists that are willing to work for a price? (New artists that wouldn't ask for a lot of money)
How many paintings did Modigliani produce?
Is it OK to sell paintings that look exactly like famous ones?
Does Mehndi art has a name like mandala?
What is the best type of paint or markers for canvases?
What makes art valuable and what is the importance of valuing art in society?
Does pricing with "9" cheapen luxury products and ruin the brand’s prestigious image?
What happens when you combine art and science?
What are some beautiful works of art that are related to concepts of the natural sciences or mathematics?
How do you create hyper-realistic oil paintings?
Is “Mona Lisa” considered the greatest of all paintings or is it simply the most famous?
What are the definitions of the 7 elements of art?
Why does painting take so long and how can you learn to paint?
Can you critique my art portfolio?
How does Judaism see music and other arts?
Does modern art need to be shocking to be considered worthy?
In your opinion what are the most influential artworks ever created?
What is your favourite medieval painting and why?
Is the concept of "fine" art just a bourgeois concept?
What's the career choice for artists who can draw and ink well but paint poorly?
Can I post my drawing progress on deviant art?
Do you like caricature paintings?
Who are the finest amateur artists on Quora?
What steps can a novice take to begin to appreciate modern art?
How is asymmetrical balance studied in art?
What is the most overrated piece of art, and why?
Why are imaginations essential to have creativity in your art?
How do you overcome the fear of drawing?
What's the difference between "bribe" and "fine"?
Is it easier to control a water brush than a regular water coloring brush?
Is art necessary? If yes, then why?
Is anyone interested to invest in an art gallery in Singapore?
Did Vincent Van Gogh study art?
What art print could complement the Queen Elizabeth II art print by Andy Warhol?
What are some creative ways to fund your own art projects?
How can I improve my realistic drawings?
Which digital projector for art tracing to choose?
Do you think that governments should give financial support to art galleries?
Why does Mark Rothko's art look so much like wall paint?
What is the famous art of Japan?
Completed B.E. (instrumentation), but have passion for fine arts and drawing. Can any short certification courses help me build career in fine arts?
If you own a Death-Star, what is the best colour to paint it? If it does not work, can you get a refund?
What are some examples of sad paintings made by famous artists?
What are some cheap and worth-your-money art colleges?
What is art printing? What are some examples?
What do you call it when the audience confuses an artist for their art?
Which films are a must see for visual artists?
What are some of the characteristics of Greet art? How have they influenced modern art?
What did you really like in the artwork?
What do you think about modern art?
What is this orange object in Seurat's "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte"?
Why do a lot of blogs split up their articles into galleries?
Which artist can draw the sexiest women in anime?
Why is Fernando Amorsolo's "Planting Rice" painting so popular?
Should I leave this opportunity of working under a noted artist of all times, who is holder of various prestigious awards?
What do we actually study in arts?
Have you or anyone you know learned how to paint from watching Bob Ross?
What is the subject of your own artwork?
What elements defined Ottoman's art? What were some of his techniques?
Who wants to fill their walls with art that will motivate in the business place, heal in the healthcare place and inspire what we crave?
How do I sell bullshit art for tons of money?
I'm very technically skilled as an artist (drawing, painting & with digital graphics), but I feel I have 0 creativity/inspiration. How do I find it?
What are the things I need to do for the exhibition of my paintings?
What is it like to be an art collector?
What is the most elaborate and, or largest, ice sculpture ever created?
What Dutch masterpieces of art are well-known in Holland?
What are some considerations you should have before starting painting clay sculptures?
What paintings did van Gogh paint in the asylum?
How do I identify a piece of art I saw in the movie “This is 40”?
What are some examples of non-representational art?
What is some beautiful art you have made?
What are some of the lamest examples of "Modern Art"?
Is it okay to draw sketches on canvas and paint it afterwards? Or I should go all out painting without sketches?
Is the resultant marbleized paper an art, an art form, or a technique/method?
Who are the top 5 contemporary artists?
Is Lin Manuel Miranda a greater artist than James Cameron?
How do I take up art and design after engineering?
Assuming we are all artists on one level or another. How important is the motivation to nurture our ability to draw?
What is the equivalent to human statues, busts, and renaissance paintings permitted or used in Islamic art?
Should I take fine arts as a main subject with PCB in 11 and 12?
How would you explain art to an alien?
How long is a painting on cardboard likely to last?
What is the name of the movie in which every scene was set up like a classic painting?
Why do artists create still life art? How do they make still life art?
How is the Indian independent art and artists scene in India? By art, I categorically mean designs, psychedelic, doodles, paintings, portraits etc.
Why is it called Art Basel?
Who is the top art collector of photorealism in the United States?
How do I make my art curating Instagram well known?
When did the use of oil paint in fine art begin?
Why do some painters begin a painting with a monochrome sketch using a vibrant or odd color usually not in the finished painting?
What are some ways to seduce you?
What’s a great website or app to sell large Art pieces locally?
Is it legal to recreate a famous painting?
Are sitcoms considered art?
As an amateur young artist, how do I monetize my art, and enter major galleries in my city?
Is matte medium strong enough to glue toothpicks on canvas?
Which is the best app for painting?
Who is the artist of these images?
Do you think art is a talent or is it something you learn?
How do I balance between practicing drawing and school?
What are great examples of art used in marketing?
How do you create art like the ones on DeviantArt?
How are artists who draw/paint different from other people?
Where in Mumbai or Thane can I find a large collection of canvas paintings for decorating my home?
Do we have equal right to comment on works of art?
Where can I find paintings of frangelico?
Is the painting of a running horse suitable for home ambiance, or not?
Do you view appreciation of art as a spiritual activity?
How relevant is fine art?
If you could only visit one art museum in the world, which one would you choose?
What is a ganymed turnstile print of a painting?
What are some artistic mathematical works?
What's a good way to sell moderately priced art?
Was Ottonian art the most abstract European art prior to the industrial revolution?
I'm studying art, but cannot figure this out. Where do the bangs insert on the head?
How can I get more exposure for my art?
Where are some galleries where I can submit my art in Melbourne?
What makes some works of art "elite"?
What are the benefits of finger painting?
What do you think of the paintings by Martiros Manoukian? Which are some painters with the same style?
Who are contemporary artists that use string?
Where can an engineering graduate learn art in post graduate level in India? Which are the best colleges available?
Have you ever painted a painting with cement colour paints? Do you know how long they are likely to last indoors?
Why does life imitate art more than art imitates life?
What's the difference between an art job and art career in Los Angeles, CA and how can I find an art job to make a living from rather than a career?
What are some of the great mixed media art pieces?
Do artists have to sell their art cheap when they first start out?
How can I prepare myself into critically analysing artwork?
I am working in IT company , so cannot go for full term course of Fine arts. Can anyone tell me, best institution for diploma in Fine arts in Delhi ?
How does an artist enter his/her first major auction?
Have we reached the end of art?
Are some actors really excellent fighters that master an art?
In painting, which artistic genre is the transition from realism to impressionism?
What are the different types of traditional paintings?
When can art be considered low?
Are pressure treated woods suitable for making paintings?
What are some examples of social or cultural critique in art?
What should I draw for my teacher on her birthday? It's tomorrow.
Is photo-realism an art form or an exercise in technical excellence?
Is this artwork suitable to be showcased in a gallery?
What is the importance of art in education, society and life?
What are the Black Paintings about?
What can I do to get better at language arts?
How could you make an ordinary artwork/painting expensive?
Is there any website or forum that gives painting advice and critique?
How would you summarize this artwork?
What is a Hellenic sculpture?
Which paint is good on canvass?
What can I do to help my daughter excel art and design?
If your child is talented in art, but doesn't wish to pursue it, is it right to keep encouraging them to do art?
How do you produce a sensational art exhibition these days?
Where we could use our artistic skill like hand made drawing?
What do you think about my fine art artwork (at the link below)?
If you were to put one thing into the public domain, what would it be?
Do only historical paintings sell at huge prices, or do art work/paintings created by an artist of today also sell at high prices?
Does mathematics lack creativity in comparision to art?
Who sees the resemblance between George Washington and the Mona Lisa?
What are commercial art buyers really looking for?
Does the size of an art gallery matter? In particular if it is small. (not tiny though) And how does one maximize or play up the space.
Art has always been my passion, how do I make it my profession if I do not have any certificates or degrees about it?
Is it acceptable to negotiate the price of artwork?
Why is the sculpture of the National Emblem of India important?
Who are the most famous painters of all time, with their work (images) available online?
How does culture affect an artist's artwork?
Should an artist’s political allegiance matter in reference to their art if it is not mentioned?
How do you create art?
Do you know any famous artists who made Halloween art?
How can you associate art?
My neighbour’s son wants to pursue Post Graduation in Fine Arts either in India or outsid. Any recommendation?
Where can I find some easy and unique ideas to do some water painting on paper?
Which is the best option, humanities or agriculture?
Should art be considered a dangerous form of self-expression?
What is the hardest part of sell art online?
What is the meaning of "hegre art"?
Did Martin Puryear produce sketches or maquettes before making his sculpture "Thicket"? Are there any published drawings of the sculpture?
Where can I get more ideas and better solutions for house painting in Maroubra?
Does SAIC teach practicing career artists or does it’s heavily theoretical approach primarily train future curators, critics or professors of art?
How can I make my own handmade paper last?
How long should a gallery try to sell an artists work for?
Is there any special meaning to the piled rocks you can find in a number of remote spots?
Why do you love painting?
What is classical Roman art?
What is oil painting?
Can you make a living as a digital fine artist?
Why would digitally printed glass not be considered art work?
Which are the world's most beautiful paintings you think everybody should see it once in a lifetime?
How valuable is the Mona Lisa?
How do you fill negative space?
How can I build an ice sculpture isle of a horse?
What are some examples of hierarchy in art?
Who is an art consultant?
How does Islamic art represent work?
Is digital art easier than traditional drawing and painting?
Are there really good paintings or sculptures made by famous artists in their childhood?
What is an implied texture? What are some examples?
Which art piece is your favourite?
What makes fan art good or bad?
Can you do fresco paintings on wood or canvas?
Since I’m learning figure drawing, should I study sculptures to help with anatomy?
What are some great art house movies?
How is math important in art?
How has religion affected art?
Art lovers, what makes you fall in love with a work of art?
How does a decoupage and a collage differ from each other? How are they used in famous artworks?
I study history of art. What can I apply from art to photography?
Are Thomas Kinkade’s paintings a reflection of reality or is reality a reflection of Thomas Kinkade?
I do a lot of painting on the side. What is some advice for someone with no artistic resume to sell their work? I live and work in NYC.
What are the statements which appreciates an artist?
How do you paint a realistic portrait of a non existent person?
What do you like about contemporary art?
Are there careers for artists in the world of trades?
Would I seem too desperate if I sold my paintings for $5 to $10 each?
In art, what does minimalism mean?
What should I choose, music or art (painting)?
What are some drawing strategies to be a better artist?
What kind of joint compound is good for art on drywall?
I am a Fashion Design student. Is it worth moving to South Korea after graduating?
Is self-expression the primary purpose of art in today’s world?
How much area can a construction painter typically paint in an hour?
What is an ideal color for painting kitchen?
What is your favourite examples of food art?
What things influenced the Renaissance arts?
Which contemporary artwork do synesthetes feel best represents their condition?
Is Gangnam Style the greatest work of art so far in the 21st century?
