Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
Have you ever questioned all the choices you've made so far (studies, habits, friends) and finally started all over doing what really makes you happy?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
If a friend steals from you, does it matter if it’s 5 dollars or 5,000 dollars? Will they still be your friend if they steal 5 dollars?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How should one go about healing a dying, long-distance friendship?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
Is it possible to love multiple people for different reasons?
Is it OK for a rape survivor to make rape jokes? He says it helps him own the situation, but female friends have complained.
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
I'm gay, how do I come out?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
A friend of mine was travelling from Australia at 11 AM local time. As soon as they took off, it went dark outside the airplane. How?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
How should a good friend be?
What was the last message from your friend?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
I want to gift my friend something for her promotion. What could I get her?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How have your friends changed you?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Do you think it's weird that I don't enjoy chit-chatting, especially in groups?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How do you make a guy friend like you?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
How can I find out if one of my friends on a friends list has two phone numbers?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
Why does my friend's boyfriend seem so nice but is abusive?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I recover an old friend?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
My relatives were friends since childhood and have lots of memories, I feel depressed that I dont have any such memories, what can I do?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
Should I still be good friends with my ex-boyfriend?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Would a narcissistic sociopath tell you openly about their condition to garner sympathy and leniency in a friendship?
Is it ok for a Indian boy to get naked in front of his other male friends (mainly same age or older) after growing his pubic hair?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
How do I support a friend who self-harms?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
I have a gay friend who has a gay partner. The problem is that I just found out that my friend have never met him before in real life. What can I do?
Can you look at someone’s profile without them knowing or having to friend them first in 2017?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
A friend of mine has an under-active thyroid, won't take medicines, and sweats then gets cold. What can happen to her?
If you are visiting a friend in a different state and their house is searched, can you be charged?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
Which pronoun is correct, me or mine, in, “That was under the aegis of mine/me”?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why do you like your friends?
How can I get a friend in the UK?
What are some fun activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What makes someone a real friend?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
I have to make a fantasy episode with 2 other friends and it's due in two days. What can we do?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why does my friend with benefit gets jealous often?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
How often do you stalk your friends?
Why can't I keep friends?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do I overcome the fear of failure of friendships?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I deleted a pic of a good friend last year accidentally, how do I get it back?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Should parents punish their underage teen for doing inappropriate things to his girl friend?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
How can I find emotional intimacy online (platonic)?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
Why do Scientologists disconnect from family and friends?
A friend of mine has planted poppies and is curious how heroin is extracted from them. Does anyone in the Quora network know how it's done?
How do I know my friend’s mobile call history?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
How many times have you watched the complete series of F.R.I E.N.D.S.?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
How I can be an administrator of my friends’ WhatsApp group?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
What scary activities can you do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
If you catch your female narcissist friend in the act of cheating, will she still lie?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
If liberals like Muslims so much, why are they embarrassed to call them friends?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
How do I make new friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How can I see my chats with friends and family on my PC?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
How I can finalize the best gifts for my friend?
When you are out on a trip or dinner with friends/family, why doesn't the bill split include the kids who order just as much as the adults?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
Are friends more important than money?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
How do I get notifications when my friend is online on WhatsApp?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
How do you cope with your ex stealing your friends?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why is Chinese friendship (meaning from their governing body) as fake as their products?
Do people who are in their 20s prefer broad, shallow "friendships" online? Why?
How do you write an apology letter to your best friend?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
What should I do with friends I lost during my lifetime?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why is there no Central Perk Cafe from Friends in NYC?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
How do I get more friends in campus?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what else can I do that is cool as smoking but my friends don't do?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What is your thought about Indians, do you have any Indian friends?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
How can I convince my strict parents to let me go out by myself with my friends for a few days?
Is it reasonable to stop befriending a person who has a deaf ear to music?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
I don't have any friends at all. Should I still go to prom?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
How did Kurama and Naruto became friends?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
How can you know what friends are following you?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you have nobody in your life you care about, no friends or family, is there a purpose to living?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I seem friendly?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
Why are all my best friends immigrants?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
Is there a best way to calm an alt right friend without violence?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
How do I deal with my friend’s hot and cold treatment?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do I love my friend so much?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
Who was the most loyal friend in Seinfeld?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Am I weird if I find it utterly annoying to learn the rules of a board game?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What would happen if your friends almost fell off a building?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
How do you change friend groups?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How do I get over commitment issues?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
My friend got her hijab pulled by a group of boys and they physically hurt her. She doesn't say who they are out of fear. How can I help her?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Can you ever be friends with your mother-in-law?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What are some good quotes about losing a friend to death?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How am I supposed to treat a friend who has admitted to being prejudiced?
Why can’t I stand having attractive female friends?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
How do I make money with friends?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
What is the best video game for making friends?
Can I be friends with my best friend's enemy?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
Why does Quora force me to sign in and then steals my friends list?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
What are some free activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
So the other night I had a sex dream about my crush's best friend. What does this mean?
How can one find a friends with benefits kind of girl in Gurgaon?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
What would be a good tech gift for a friend (girl) under rs.1000 for her birthday?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
What are the best examples of "invite friend" functionality?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Do true friends really exist?
Can two people who were best friends and then dated and then broke up ever be best friends again?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
What would you do if your best friend was about to fall from a cliff?
How do my friends get lots of followers on Instagram?
What are some poems about betrayal in a friendship?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
My parents won't let me hang out with any boys platonically. My other friends are allowed but I'm not. How can I convince them otherwise?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Where can I find a friend with benefits?
What is the name of writing uplifting and inspirational texts about friends?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Why should we value our adult children more than we value our oldest, best friends?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
How can I make my friends care about me?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How can I be happy in life without friends?
Do Muslims have Jewish friends?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
If my friend was searching the word 'suicide' on Wikipedia, is it okay for her parents to take away all of her social media and her computer?
Is it wrong to not want to feel special?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
Why should we be friends with every race?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
What if a close friend chooses to be with the guy who causes all your pains, even if you told her how much he messed you up?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
If a guy stares at you in school for over a year, talks about you with his friends, and knows about your family and where you live, is it harassment?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
When Harvard freshmen mass-friend people in the beginning, do they mostly friend other Harvard freshmen, or do they also mass-friend upperclassmen?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
How do I rebalance the relationship with my narcissistic friend?
How do I forget my best friend?
Do guys like to masturbate with male friends?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
How do you know if a woman likes a guy as more than a friend?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
Can my friend and I both choose the same post in the same city?
Female friend is talking about leaving her ex, feeling some romantic interest, should I start thinking of her as more than a friend?
I just failed my Kangaroo maths competition. All of my other friends got in the top 40% and above. I feel bad. How can I cope with this feeling?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
What will you do if a trusted friend betrays you and chose to take her chances with the guy who hurt you?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How can I revive a relationship with a friend?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
I have a crush on a friend who obviously likes me. I'm a teenager. What's the next step?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
Can being close friends/in a relationship with an extroverted aspie be a constant source of adrenaline rushes?
Can I find a mature female friend in Chandigarh?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
Do you call it cheating if you kiss your best friend?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
If you could choose one world leader to be your best friend, which one would you choose?
What should I charge friends and family for my artwork?
Why don’t people take a stand for their friend when their boyfriend comes into play?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What would make an ISFJ detach from a friendship?
How do I write a farewell message to a friend?
What singular question would you ask to find out the most about a person?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
What do I do when I spend the night at my Japanese friend's house?
What do I do when some people get attached to me and say that they love me but I don't even consider them as friends?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
What is the best European destination for summer with friends (age 26) after a hard year of work?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
Why don't my friendships last?
Should I ask my now-long distance friend why he is ghosting me? If yes, how?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
What does it mean when my best guy friend got upset when I said he was like a brother to me?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
I think my friend is addicted to cocaine, he says he isn't. But he uses it almost every day. What should I do?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
What do you do when your best friends start hating each other and one of your best friend is your boyfriend?
My friend is bragging about getting a better grade in maths. How do I stop feeling jealous and depressed?
There’s this guy in my class. He keeps on staring at me and teases me in a nice way. My best friend likes him. What should I do?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Should a guy gift a makeup kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
How do I ask a girl for sex or to be friends with benefits?
How do you know if your family/friends are homophobic?
How do stores in the Philippines determine when to staple your bag? One friend would. The other would not. Both are females.
How could my friend avoid the effects of MDMA?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
What is the most foolish thing to do and still appear cool in front of your family and friends?
How do I get my daughters 17 year old friend out of my house? I let her move in and now she won't leave.
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Is there something wrong with me if I miss an emotionally abusive friend?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
How do I choose frien?
What is the difference between friendship and relationship?
Are best friends mutal?
My friend took too many sleeping pills and she keeps Snapchatting me that there are faeries and tree men in her room. Is she going to die?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What is love, is it friendship?
Why all of the sudden my ex started to contact me? After she found out, I'm gonna visit my old friend in Toronto.
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
When a friend tells me to think more highly of myself, the opposite happens, and I feel very depressed and self-destructive. Why does this happen?
It so happened that a friend (girl) of mine is upset due to workload, should I console her?
Should I be friends with my friend's boyfriend if I used to be before they started dating?
What are your honest opinions about someone who left their two best friends after elementary school for their "own good"?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
How can I ask for my friend’s WhatsApp account?
Can a boy and a girl be best friends without people mistaking them for being a couple?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
I see my friends so excited about drinking and all. I am not at all interested in it. That's why sometimes I feel left out. Am I wrong?
How can I subscribe a friend to Quora?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
What is the secret language for friends?
What is it like to have a best friend that feels practically like your soul mate?
How do you get over close friends who betrayed and hurt you too much, but just let you off easily?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
I am shocked that my friend who I know is a narcissist did not call. How can someone who was my friend for almost 10 years be so heartless?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
How do I tell my friend I like her subtly?
Should my girlfriend allow me to go for a trip with two of my girl best friends?
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
Which gift will be suitable for a best friend?
What does it feel like to be in love with your old friend?
What if Naruto and Garra had become friends as kids?
Why did my Muslim friend got mad when he accidentally ate bacon?
I don't want relationships or friendships, am I depressed or is this normal?
What are the symbols representing friendship?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
What do I do if I get frustrated with my friends easily?
How would you react if your crush became the best friend of your best friend?
I don't seem to meet guys at all. I don't go to bars/clubs because I have friends that have kids already and I don't online date. What to do?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
For the last few weeks, I’ve been studying for my competition exams and ignoring every chance to be with my friends or family. Am I becoming selfish?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
Is friends with benefits thing okay with your best friend?
Why didn’t I get my practice ACT scores back when all my friends did?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How do you the describe the relationship of when a student becomes friends with a teacher after graduation?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What if you start liking your best friend and suddenly, one fine day, she says she has a boyfriend already?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
How would you react if your crush become best friend of your best friend?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
If you're having a hard time talking to a guy, and your friend sets up a pool game with you, him, her, and her boyfriend, is it considered a double date?
What is our relationship with my best guy friend?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
I’m a 19 year old with no friends. What do I do?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
How do I cope with liking a friend's boyfriend?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
Is it OK to outgrow long-term friends in your 30s and 40s?
How do I find if a friend has passed away?
What would be your final straw, on an otherwise unbreakable friendship?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
My friend stole flowers from a homeless man who was selling them and ripped them up. She was drinking but this isn't like her. Should I say something?
Why would an ex want you as a best friend if she's in another sexual relationship?
What are some good quotes about having no friends?
Is it wrong to have a girl as a friend?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
If you were immortal, would there be a certain time in your future where you would forget your early life, such as your friends and family?
What are some food Valentine verses for friends?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
If a guy posts a picture of a girl on Instagram as if she’s his girlfriend but tells his grandma that they’re just friends, is the couple actually dating or are they really just friends?
How do I convince my mom to let me spend the night at my friend’s house?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
If you had an opportunity to date the ex of your best friend and you wanted to, should you ask for your best friend's permission?
Who would you prefer in a friend and in a partner between an honest person and a good person, and why?
What are the best ways to get the attention of a guy on a social network without having to be friends with him?
Can children and their parents be good friends?
If your partner’s friend had an abortion, what would you think of her?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
What will you do if a close friend became the girlfriend of the guy who played with you and cheated on you with his girlfriend?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
Is there any benefit to ordering a package for a friend in Canada using Amazon Prime, rather than the friend ordering themselves?
If your best friend had a health scare & told you & then left you in the dark for 2 days while you freaked out & worried, would your feelings be hurt?
How do you move on after your boyfriend cheats on you with your best friend?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
How many females got into a relationship or physical involvement with a long time best or good close male friend and felt you can't trust him?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
Could you become my friend?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
How do I break a language barrier in a cross-cultural friendship?
What do my close, single, male friend’s actions say about how he feels about me?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
Have you ever become friends with a person who you had a car accident with?
How do I stop being so attached to home and spend more time with friends as a 15 year old?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How do I handle friends at school who show off to girls by bullying me?
We are in a group of 225 friends. What can we sell to each other?
Why do my friends get sick of me so easily?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Where is the best place to make some new friends in New York? I am from Utah and have a hard time here.
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
Who understands you better, your best friend or your worst enemy?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
Why is it that when I'm with my guy friends I'm cool but whenever I'm with my crush I get light headed and nervous?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
What are your best strategies when it comes to loaning money to friends?
I'm sad, my crush now started liking my best friend, how do you handle that?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
How would it make you feel when your friend tells you he/she lost complete trust in you?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do if a girl keeps on rejecting me and tell me she will be my just friend?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
What would you do if you face off against your best friend on the opposing side of a battle?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
What are your opinions on friends with benefits?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
What will you do if a guy you pushed away because he was cheating with his girlfriend cheats again and chose your close, trusted friend instead?
Have you ever thought of the happy face of your best friend when she receives the birthday gift of a T-shirt designed for only her?
What is your role if your closest friend repeatedly speaks of dying soon because he is tired of life?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
Are Dubya and the Obamas friends in real life?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
How can I have nice, respectful online friends?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
What are some quotes about great friends?
How abnormal is it to reach adulthood without ever having made a friend?
Why am I so insecure about my health, home, intelligence, friends and life?
What is the feeling of breaking up with a friend?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
Should I leave one of my best friends?
Do you think that there are true friends?
What are some good farewell wishes to a friend?
Did you ever backstab your best friend?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
What is the best lyric prank to do on my 11-year old best friend who knows a lot of songs?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
My best friend moved away a year ago. I miss him every day and have a deep loneliness feeling occasionally. How can I feel better?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
Can you be lovers and friends?
How do I help my friends for getting bullied?
Who are more important, friends, relatives or neighbours?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do sometimes friends become enemies and how should you resolve it?
How do you feel now, after starting from scratch overseas?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
What is the best place in Amritsar to hangout with friends?
How have your friends changed?
Have you ever questioned all the choices you've made so far (studies, habits, friends) and finally started all over doing what really makes you happy?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
If a friend steals from you, does it matter if it’s 5 dollars or 5,000 dollars? Will they still be your friend if they steal 5 dollars?
When Harvard freshmen mass-friend people in the beginning, do they mostly friend other Harvard freshmen, or do they also mass-friend upperclassmen?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How should one go about healing a dying, long-distance friendship?
Where can I befriend high achievers?
How do I make friends at 20?
Have you ever lied to your best friend and still not got caught?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Is it cowardly that all my friends on my school trip tried cigarettes and I didn't?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
Is it gay to sleep over at a friend’s house at 20 years old?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Why do people want to be my friend?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
Is it possible to love multiple people for different reasons?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
I have a crush on a friend who obviously likes me. I'm a teenager. What's the next step?
Who has been the most important person in your life after your parents and best friend and why?
Is it OK for a rape survivor to make rape jokes? He says it helps him own the situation, but female friends have complained.
Is friendship better than a relationship?
What are some rude and just plain ignorant things that your family and friends did, even after you came out to them?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Can being close friends/in a relationship with an extroverted aspie be a constant source of adrenaline rushes?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
What’s the worst thing you have done to your best friend?
If you could choose one world leader to be your best friend, which one would you choose?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
A friend of mine was travelling from Australia at 11 AM local time. As soon as they took off, it went dark outside the airplane. How?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
Why don’t people take a stand for their friend when their boyfriend comes into play?
How do I write a farewell message to a friend?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
What singular question would you ask to find out the most about a person?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
How can I use my friend’s account without her knowledge?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What do I do when some people get attached to me and say that they love me but I don't even consider them as friends?
Why don't my friendships last?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can my best friend forgive me for sleeping with her boyfriend?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
How can I forgive my friend?
What do you do when your best friends start hating each other and one of your best friend is your boyfriend?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
Friends, family and even my parents have started to taunt me on my shape, what can I do for some quick results just quieten them down for a bit?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
What is the most foolish thing to do and still appear cool in front of your family and friends?
Do you have any real life friends on Quora?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
Do you have a beautiful heart?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
Are nice guys who often get told by their female friends "I only see you as a friend" just feminine guys?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
How should a good friend be?
What was the last message from your friend?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Why all of the sudden my ex started to contact me? After she found out, I'm gonna visit my old friend in Toronto.
I want to gift my friend something for her promotion. What could I get her?
I have a friend that is homophobic, and is somewhat religious, but she supports me 95% of the way with my bisexuality. Why is does she do this?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How have your friends changed you?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How can I subscribe a friend to Quora?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
Am I to blame for not taking a friend's humour lightly who repeatedly called me a whore and a sex machine, even after I told him I can't tolerate it?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Do you think it's weird that I don't enjoy chit-chatting, especially in groups?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How can a teenage INTJ (specifically female) find friends?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
Should my girlfriend allow me to go for a trip with two of my girl best friends?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How do I tell my friend I like her subtly?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What if Naruto and Garra had become friends as kids?
What are the symbols representing friendship?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
What do I do if I get frustrated with my friends easily?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
Is friends with benefits thing okay with your best friend?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How do you make a guy friend like you?
If after 3 years I haven't met all of my boyfriend’s female friends, is this normal?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do I even bring up the subject to my best friend of 13 years that I am now attracted to her?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
I’m a 19 year old with no friends. What do I do?
How can I find out if one of my friends on a friends list has two phone numbers?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to figure out if your friend is gay or just a bit weird? (He keeps squealing like an idiot.)
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
My friend stole flowers from a homeless man who was selling them and ripped them up. She was drinking but this isn't like her. Should I say something?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
If your best friend was here, what advice would he give you?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
Why does my friend's boyfriend seem so nice but is abusive?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
If a guy posts a picture of a girl on Instagram as if she’s his girlfriend but tells his grandma that they’re just friends, is the couple actually dating or are they really just friends?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I recover an old friend?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
My relatives were friends since childhood and have lots of memories, I feel depressed that I dont have any such memories, what can I do?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
If your partner’s friend had an abortion, what would you think of her?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
She won’t give me her Facebook password. She says that she doesn't want to break the privacy and trust of her best male friend. What should I do?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do you move on after your boyfriend cheats on you with your best friend?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Some guys told my friends I am cute and have an adorable smile, but why did they never attempt to court me? Am I intimidating to them?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
What do my close, single, male friend’s actions say about how he feels about me?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
Should I still be good friends with my ex-boyfriend?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
How do I gradually distance myself from someone without arousing suspicion?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
My boyfriend's best friend passed away recently. How should I advice or console him?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
What are your best strategies when it comes to loaning money to friends?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
What are the facts about you that even your friends are not going to believe?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What should I do if a girl keeps on rejecting me and tell me she will be my just friend?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Would a narcissistic sociopath tell you openly about their condition to garner sympathy and leniency in a friendship?
Is it ok for a Indian boy to get naked in front of his other male friends (mainly same age or older) after growing his pubic hair?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
How do I support a friend who self-harms?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
What does it mean when he says he just wants to be friends?
I have a gay friend who has a gay partner. The problem is that I just found out that my friend have never met him before in real life. What can I do?
Can you look at someone’s profile without them knowing or having to friend them first in 2017?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
A friend of mine has an under-active thyroid, won't take medicines, and sweats then gets cold. What can happen to her?
How do you know when to read between the lines and not to?
If you are visiting a friend in a different state and their house is searched, can you be charged?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
How can I help my friend to eliminate her negativities in life?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
What's the difference between a best close friend and a girlfriend?
My friend's felon younger brother got out of prison and is now living with her, how can I support her?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
What if a person whom you consider your best friend never initiates chat with you on social media?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
Who are more important, friends, relatives or neighbours?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
How do you feel now, after starting from scratch overseas?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Is it possible to be straightforward and call a spade a spade and still have genuine friends in life?
Which pronoun is correct, me or mine, in, “That was under the aegis of mine/me”?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
How do I become friendly with my student in private tuition?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
It so happened that a friend (girl) of mine is upset due to workload, should I console her?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
I have secured 88% in my board exams and one of my friends secured 67%. Should I talk to him or not.
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
What does it mean if my ex's best friend slaps my butt?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
What if a close friend chooses to be with the guy who causes all your pains, even if you told her how much he messed you up?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why do you like your friends?
How can I get a friend in the UK?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
What are some fun activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What makes someone a real friend?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
How do I forget my best friend?
How do you know if a woman likes a guy as more than a friend?
I have to make a fantasy episode with 2 other friends and it's due in two days. What can we do?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
My friend was studying MBBS but he has dropped out to pursue engineering. What shall he do next?
Can my friend and I both choose the same post in the same city?
I proposed to my female best friend on WhatsApp. She politely rejected but requested me to stay in touch and stay as her bff. What should I do?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What goes through a woman's mind when she decides to turn a platonic friendship into a sexual one?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why does my friend with benefit gets jealous often?
What should I charge friends and family for my artwork?
How do I destroy my backstabbing ex friend's reputation?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
What would make an ISFJ detach from a friendship?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What do I do when I spend the night at my Japanese friend's house?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
Why can't I keep friends?
One of my closest friends is leaving to another country. How do I deal with this without breaking down emotionally?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
I'm developing feelings for my friend but I'm super lame, and clumsy. Should I change myself and wait?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
If a gifl says this conversation isn't finished yet and is to be continued, does that mean she likes her male friend?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
I think my friend is addicted to cocaine, he says he isn't. But he uses it almost every day. What should I do?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
How do I ask a girl for sex or to be friends with benefits?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do I overcome the fear of failure of friendships?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
How could my friend avoid the effects of MDMA?
Could not saying goodbye the customary way (hug and bye kiss), activated my friend’s fear of abandonment? She has strong traits of BPD.
Why can't my friends accept that I aim for higher grades?
Does friendship happen at workplace?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I deleted a pic of a good friend last year accidentally, how do I get it back?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
I study because I'm jealous of how good my friends are doing in school academically, is this motivation bad?
Should I ask my best friend out?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
Are best friends mutal?
My friend took too many sleeping pills and she keeps Snapchatting me that there are faeries and tree men in her room. Is she going to die?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
In the 1st season, when it was getting filmed, how old were the cast members of “Friends”, in real life and on the show?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
When a friend tells me to think more highly of myself, the opposite happens, and I feel very depressed and self-destructive. Why does this happen?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
Should I be friends with my friend's boyfriend if I used to be before they started dating?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
I have this crush on someone, but he has this (girl) friend who keep tagging along which irritates me so much. How to handle this?
So my girlfriend has her group of friends with one boy in it who is really flirty with her. What do I do?
Why do we get angered by our parents more easily than by our friends?
Should parents punish their underage teen for doing inappropriate things to his girl friend?
What should you do if all your friends has become your enemies?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
Which is the vasthu friendly apartments in trivndrum?
How can I find emotional intimacy online (platonic)?
How can I stop Facebook friends finding out about me on Quora?
Do you hate your students? Why?
Why is it that anyone I've ever been friends with ends up talking shit about me, being super jealous of me or just legitimately wants to see me fail?
I am shocked that my friend who I know is a narcissist did not call. How can someone who was my friend for almost 10 years be so heartless?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
Which gift will be suitable for a best friend?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
In regards to death of acquaintances or close friends and family members, how many people did you know who have passed away?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Why do Scientologists disconnect from family and friends?
A friend of mine has planted poppies and is curious how heroin is extracted from them. Does anyone in the Quora network know how it's done?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What if you start liking your best friend and suddenly, one fine day, she says she has a boyfriend already?
How do I know my friend’s mobile call history?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
Why does my husband remain quiet when we are together and then when he sees a neighbour or friend he talks like there is no tomorrow?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
How do you manage to be friends with a girl whom you dated few days back?
How could I forget that my friend called me a liar when she herself was lying and I knew it? It is pinching me like hell.
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Why are friends so essential?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
My friend has a voice in her head that tells her to do bad things to herself and to kill herself. What do I do?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
Is it good being emotionally attached to someone for whom you are just a friend?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
I had a fight with a friend whom I like. We said some unpleasent things to each other. I want to apologise but she wouldn't talk to me. What can I do?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
If you were immortal, would there be a certain time in your future where you would forget your early life, such as your friends and family?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
How many times have you watched the complete series of F.R.I E.N.D.S.?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What are some food Valentine verses for friends?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
What would you do if you found out that your friend was a sexual molester?
How I can be an administrator of my friends’ WhatsApp group?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
Should I move on from my crush, a really good friend of mine, who doesn't like me that way now but still gives me hope?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
What scary activities can you do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
Can children and their parents be good friends?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
How abnormal is it to reach adulthood without ever having made a friend?
Should I got to my friends birthday party?
If you catch your female narcissist friend in the act of cheating, will she still lie?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
When insects eat other insects, is it cannibalism?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
We are in a group of 225 friends. What can we sell to each other?
Why do my friends get sick of me so easily?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop a friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to be his girlfriend? He says he doesn't love her.
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
Who understands you better, your best friend or your worst enemy?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
How would it make you feel when your friend tells you he/she lost complete trust in you?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
Can I date my best friend?
Which of these people is more a part of your family; a cousin you never met or your best friend?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
What are your opinions on friends with benefits?
What would you do if you face off against your best friend on the opposing side of a battle?
Have you ever thought of the happy face of your best friend when she receives the birthday gift of a T-shirt designed for only her?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
What were the most unlikely friendships or relationships in History?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
My girlfriend tells me a secret about her friend and I tell them when I meet them. I promise her I'll stop, but it keeps happening. What do I do?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
What are some quotes about great friends?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
If liberals like Muslims so much, why are they embarrassed to call them friends?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
Do you think that there are true friends?
Should I leave one of my best friends?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
Why did my best friend ask out my crush?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
One of my friends has had a recurring drug problem and his parents won't do anything about it. What is the best course of action to take?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I make new friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
Why do sometimes friends become enemies and how should you resolve it?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What's the best way to overcome losing your partner/best friend?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How can I see my chats with friends and family on my PC?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
If my friend was searching the word 'suicide' on Wikipedia, is it okay for her parents to take away all of her social media and her computer?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Is it wrong to not want to feel special?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Why should we be friends with every race?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
What are some boring stuff you can do with your friends?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
What are some best books as birthday gifts to my best friend?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
What is the difference between a female friend and a girlfriend?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
How I can finalize the best gifts for my friend?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
Do guys like to masturbate with male friends?
Everyone gives tips for success. What about success and friendship?
When you are out on a trip or dinner with friends/family, why doesn't the bill split include the kids who order just as much as the adults?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to follow his friend (who's a girl) but they don't follow each other and she looks like a model?
How can I develop something to offer in a relationship or friendship?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
I just failed my Kangaroo maths competition. All of my other friends got in the top 40% and above. I feel bad. How can I cope with this feeling?
What will you do if a trusted friend betrays you and chose to take her chances with the guy who hurt you?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
Is it okay for an adult to be friends with a minor of the opposite sex? (34 year old man and 13 year old girl)
Are friends more important than money?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
What is the weird thing you do in a video game that none of your friends do?
How do I get notifications when my friend is online on WhatsApp?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
Can I find a mature female friend in Chandigarh?
How do you cope with your ex stealing your friends?
Do you call it cheating if you kiss your best friend?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why is Chinese friendship (meaning from their governing body) as fake as their products?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
Are Luka Modric and Kroos friends?
Do people who are in their 20s prefer broad, shallow "friendships" online? Why?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
How do you write an apology letter to your best friend?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
What does it mean when my best guy friend got upset when I said he was like a brother to me?
Where can I get Japanese friends on the internet?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
There’s this guy in my class. He keeps on staring at me and teases me in a nice way. My best friend likes him. What should I do?
If a person is asking me to leave him, as a girl, what should I do? I like being friendly with him.
Should a guy gift a makeup kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
How do stores in the Philippines determine when to staple your bag? One friend would. The other would not. Both are females.
What if your friends are richer than you are?
What should I do with friends I lost during my lifetime?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
Is there something wrong with me if I miss an emotionally abusive friend?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
What is the most effective way to grieve after a relationship or friendship has ended?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why is there no Central Perk Cafe from Friends in NYC?
Why did people on Quora write that true friendship is a myth?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
What are your honest opinions about someone who left their two best friends after elementary school for their "own good"?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
How can I ask for my friend’s WhatsApp account?
What's more important, going to work to work, or going to work to make friends?
A friend complained about spending $50 on a medical bill. I spend $500 every fortnight. I want to say “suck it up princess.” What should I say?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
Can a boy and a girl be best friends without people mistaking them for being a couple?
I see my friends so excited about drinking and all. I am not at all interested in it. That's why sometimes I feel left out. Am I wrong?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
How do I get more friends in campus?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what else can I do that is cool as smoking but my friends don't do?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
What is the secret language for friends?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How do you get over close friends who betrayed and hurt you too much, but just let you off easily?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
What is it like to have a best friend that feels practically like your soul mate?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Can a girl become your best friend forever?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What is your thought about Indians, do you have any Indian friends?
Why did my Muslim friend got mad when he accidentally ate bacon?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
How can I convince my strict parents to let me go out by myself with my friends for a few days?
Is it reasonable to stop befriending a person who has a deaf ear to music?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
I don't seem to meet guys at all. I don't go to bars/clubs because I have friends that have kids already and I don't online date. What to do?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
I don't have any friends at all. Should I still go to prom?
Why didn’t I get my practice ACT scores back when all my friends did?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
If you're having a hard time talking to a guy, and your friend sets up a pool game with you, him, her, and her boyfriend, is it considered a double date?
What is our relationship with my best guy friend?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
How can I spend my birthday when I have no friends?
How do I cope with liking a friend's boyfriend?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
How do I find if a friend has passed away?
Which site can I get pen friends from any part of the world?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
What would be your final straw, on an otherwise unbreakable friendship?
What does it mean if my boyfriend asks me, “Why do you want to come here? I know you want to be with me, but what else do you want out of your life?”
Could my friend secretly feed me chemicals in my food to damage my educational abilities?
How can I finally stop having dreams about the person who hurt me 12 years ago?
Why would an ex want you as a best friend if she's in another sexual relationship?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
How do I convince my mom to let me spend the night at my friend’s house?
What are the best ways to get the attention of a guy on a social network without having to be friends with him?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
How did Kurama and Naruto became friends?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
How can you know what friends are following you?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
What will you do if a close friend became the girlfriend of the guy who played with you and cheated on you with his girlfriend?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How do I get my dad to trust my friend?
My best friend's bf is living in another country. They have not been seeing each other for 9 months. Are there any signs that he can cheat?
How many females got into a relationship or physical involvement with a long time best or good close male friend and felt you can't trust him?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you have nobody in your life you care about, no friends or family, is there a purpose to living?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I seem friendly?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
How do I stop being so attached to home and spend more time with friends as a 15 year old?
How do I handle friends at school who show off to girls by bullying me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
Why are all my best friends immigrants?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
Is there a best way to calm an alt right friend without violence?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
How do I deal with my friend’s hot and cold treatment?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
Who are your best friends in college?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Why do I love my friend so much?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Is it wrong to have a girl as a friend?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
What will you do if a guy you pushed away because he was cheating with his girlfriend cheats again and chose your close, trusted friend instead?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
Who was the most loyal friend in Seinfeld?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
Am I weird if I find it utterly annoying to learn the rules of a board game?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What would happen if your friends almost fell off a building?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
What are some good farewell wishes to a friend?
How do you change friend groups?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
Did you ever backstab your best friend?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
How do I get over commitment issues?
My best friend moved away a year ago. I miss him every day and have a deep loneliness feeling occasionally. How can I feel better?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What does it mean when you’re friends with your ex but he stopped talking to you recently and is giving your best friend high-fives?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
Which is the best picture of Dylan Maclntyre and his boy friend?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Why does my best friend always puts me down before others even when we have known each other for more than 10 years? How should I react to this?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
My friend got her hijab pulled by a group of boys and they physically hurt her. She doesn't say who they are out of fear. How can I help her?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Can you ever be friends with your mother-in-law?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
My friend has a voice in her that is telling her to do wrong things and to cut herself to make her bleed and die. What do I do?
What are some good quotes about losing a friend to death?
If a guy stares at you in school for over a year, talks about you with his friends, and knows about your family and where you live, is it harassment?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
How am I supposed to treat a friend who has admitted to being prejudiced?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
Why can’t I stand having attractive female friends?
How do I rebalance the relationship with my narcissistic friend?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How do I make money with friends?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
What's more important in a lasting relationship: physical attraction or a well developed friendship?
Female friend is talking about leaving her ex, feeling some romantic interest, should I start thinking of her as more than a friend?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
What is the best video game for making friends?
How can I revive a relationship with a friend?
Can I be friends with my best friend's enemy?
How do I know if my WhatsApp friends have changed their contact numbers?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
What is a good and unique name for my new YouTube channel?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
What are the best methods to test your friendship?
Why does Quora force me to sign in and then steals my friends list?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What is the best European destination for summer with friends (age 26) after a hard year of work?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Should I ask my now-long distance friend why he is ghosting me? If yes, how?
Is it possible to stay as good old friends, even after one has proposed to another, and it was not accepted since the girl saw him only as her friend?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
How did you react when your friend had plastic surgery, or how would you react?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
How can you find a true friend if you migrate to a different country as an adult?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
My friend is bragging about getting a better grade in maths. How do I stop feeling jealous and depressed?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How do you know if your family/friends are homophobic?
I was (seriously) sick for a couple of weeks and my friend blocked me on WhatsApp. What should I do?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How I do befriend my female teacher?
When does a girlfriend agree to have sex?
I have a friend who cusses at me specifically a lot. She's a sarcastic person but does she really mean it?
How do I get my daughters 17 year old friend out of my house? I let her move in and now she won't leave.
What is considered a 'true friend'?
What are some free activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
So the other night I had a sex dream about my crush's best friend. What does this mean?
How can one find a friends with benefits kind of girl in Gurgaon?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
How do I choose frien?
What is the difference between friendship and relationship?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Tomorrow will be my 22nd birthday and I have achieved nothing. I failed my job, my family, my friends, even myself. I just bought a knife. Should I use it?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
I have no friends or relatives left. Is my life worthwhile?
My friend is going through detox, why is she swollen?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
A mutual friend made me aware of my friend’s feelings and mine too, which I didn't know earlier. I’m not sure if he still likes me. Should I ask him?
What is love, is it friendship?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
My best friend and crush can't/won't get along, what should I do?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
What is it like to have friends and a happy perfect life?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
What would be a good tech gift for a friend (girl) under rs.1000 for her birthday?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
What are the best examples of "invite friend" functionality?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Do true friends really exist?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
Can two people who were best friends and then dated and then broke up ever be best friends again?
What does it feel like to be in love with your old friend?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
I don't want relationships or friendships, am I depressed or is this normal?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
When friends develop income disparities, does that create friction between them. Especially among women and STEM workers?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
How would you react if your crush became the best friend of your best friend?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
For the last few weeks, I’ve been studying for my competition exams and ignoring every chance to be with my friends or family. Am I becoming selfish?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you the describe the relationship of when a student becomes friends with a teacher after graduation?
How can we make friends with amateur hackers so that we can develop our network hacking skills?(any website / anonymous website)
How would you react if your crush become best friend of your best friend?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
What would you do if your best friend was about to fall from a cliff?
How do my friends get lots of followers on Instagram?
What are some poems about betrayal in a friendship?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Is it OK to outgrow long-term friends in your 30s and 40s?
This girl at school has been messing with me, and my parents know but their family friends and my mom say to just be cordial, but she won't stop. What do I do?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
My parents won't let me hang out with any boys platonically. My other friends are allowed but I'm not. How can I convince them otherwise?
What are some good quotes about having no friends?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
If you had an opportunity to date the ex of your best friend and you wanted to, should you ask for your best friend's permission?
Where can I find a friend with benefits?
Who would you prefer in a friend and in a partner between an honest person and a good person, and why?
Which one should I consider as a good friend, the USA or Russia?
What is the name of writing uplifting and inspirational texts about friends?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can I fix the fact that I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Is there any benefit to ordering a package for a friend in Canada using Amazon Prime, rather than the friend ordering themselves?
If your best friend had a health scare & told you & then left you in the dark for 2 days while you freaked out & worried, would your feelings be hurt?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Do you need to be friends first to ask your crush on a date?
Where is a quiet place to spend time with your best friend in Whitefield, Bangalore?
Does a high score on the PCL-R automatically indicate psychopathy?
Why should we value our adult children more than we value our oldest, best friends?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
Could you become my friend?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
Have you ever become friends with a person who you had a car accident with?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
How do I keep in touch with everyone?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
Where is the best place to make some new friends in New York? I am from Utah and have a hard time here.
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
Why is it that when I'm with my guy friends I'm cool but whenever I'm with my crush I get light headed and nervous?
Is having sex with your female friends ok, as long as you both understand a relationship is not possible?
By what name have you saved your friend's number?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
I'm sad, my crush now started liking my best friend, how do you handle that?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
How can I make my friends care about me?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
How do I become friends with my boss?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What is your role if your closest friend repeatedly speaks of dying soon because he is tired of life?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How do I find good friends via social media?
Are Dubya and the Obamas friends in real life?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How can I be happy in life without friends?
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
How can I have nice, respectful online friends?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why am I so insecure about my health, home, intelligence, friends and life?
What is the feeling of breaking up with a friend?
Do Muslims have Jewish friends?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
What is the best lyric prank to do on my 11-year old best friend who knows a lot of songs?
My girlfriend wants to see everyday. She gets angry when I tell her otherwise. I feel suffocated and I lost all my friends. How can I resolve this?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
Where can I find friendly women?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
How do I help my friends for getting bullied?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
What can be done to cope with friends forgetting about you?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
How do I break a language barrier in a cross-cultural friendship?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
In what way does a 34 year Indian housewife think about her teenage friend?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
What is the best place in Amritsar to hangout with friends?
How have your friends changed?
Have you ever questioned all the choices you've made so far (studies, habits, friends) and finally started all over doing what really makes you happy?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
If a friend steals from you, does it matter if it’s 5 dollars or 5,000 dollars? Will they still be your friend if they steal 5 dollars?
When Harvard freshmen mass-friend people in the beginning, do they mostly friend other Harvard freshmen, or do they also mass-friend upperclassmen?
How do I open up more to family and friends?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How should one go about healing a dying, long-distance friendship?
Where can I befriend high achievers?
Have you ever lied to your best friend and still not got caught?
How do I make friends at 20?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Is it cowardly that all my friends on my school trip tried cigarettes and I didn't?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
Is it gay to sleep over at a friend’s house at 20 years old?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Why do people want to be my friend?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
Is it possible to love multiple people for different reasons?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
I have a crush on a friend who obviously likes me. I'm a teenager. What's the next step?
Who has been the most important person in your life after your parents and best friend and why?
Is it OK for a rape survivor to make rape jokes? He says it helps him own the situation, but female friends have complained.
What are some rude and just plain ignorant things that your family and friends did, even after you came out to them?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
How do I forget about my best friend who's leaving me?
Can being close friends/in a relationship with an extroverted aspie be a constant source of adrenaline rushes?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
How can I repay my friend for her generosity when I have nothing worthwhile to give?
What’s the worst thing you have done to your best friend?
If you could choose one world leader to be your best friend, which one would you choose?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
A friend of mine was travelling from Australia at 11 AM local time. As soon as they took off, it went dark outside the airplane. How?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
Why don’t people take a stand for their friend when their boyfriend comes into play?
How do I write a farewell message to a friend?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
What singular question would you ask to find out the most about a person?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
How can I use my friend’s account without her knowledge?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What do I do when some people get attached to me and say that they love me but I don't even consider them as friends?
Why don't my friendships last?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Can my best friend forgive me for sleeping with her boyfriend?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
How can I forgive my friend?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
What do you do when your best friends start hating each other and one of your best friend is your boyfriend?
Friends, family and even my parents have started to taunt me on my shape, what can I do for some quick results just quieten them down for a bit?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
What is the most foolish thing to do and still appear cool in front of your family and friends?
Do you have any real life friends on Quora?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Do you have a beautiful heart?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
Are nice guys who often get told by their female friends "I only see you as a friend" just feminine guys?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
How should a good friend be?
What was the last message from your friend?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
How can I write a sweet goodnight text to a friend?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Why all of the sudden my ex started to contact me? After she found out, I'm gonna visit my old friend in Toronto.
I want to gift my friend something for her promotion. What could I get her?
I have a friend that is homophobic, and is somewhat religious, but she supports me 95% of the way with my bisexuality. Why is does she do this?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
How have your friends changed you?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How real is it if a guy who has a kid and girlfriend wants to be friends with you?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
How can I subscribe a friend to Quora?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
Am I to blame for not taking a friend's humour lightly who repeatedly called me a whore and a sex machine, even after I told him I can't tolerate it?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
What type of relationship do you and your bestfriend share?
Do you think it's weird that I don't enjoy chit-chatting, especially in groups?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How can a teenage INTJ (specifically female) find friends?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
Should my girlfriend allow me to go for a trip with two of my girl best friends?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
When a guy says he's not sure whether to go further from friend zone because he has long term depression, what should I do?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
How do I tell my friend I like her subtly?
Do you believe that mirror is a woman's best friend?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What if Naruto and Garra had become friends as kids?
If I've been dating a man for over a year and I have never met any of his friends, what do you think? He has met scores of my friends.
What are the symbols representing friendship?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
What do I do if I get frustrated with my friends easily?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
Is friends with benefits thing okay with your best friend?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
How do you make a guy friend like you?
If after 3 years I haven't met all of my boyfriend’s female friends, is this normal?
Are people who only contact you because they need something from you (e.g., car repair, handyman services, money) considered friends?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do I even bring up the subject to my best friend of 13 years that I am now attracted to her?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
I’m a 19 year old with no friends. What do I do?
How can I find out if one of my friends on a friends list has two phone numbers?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to figure out if your friend is gay or just a bit weird? (He keeps squealing like an idiot.)
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
Do you enjoy mutual admiration societies? Why or why not?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
My friend stole flowers from a homeless man who was selling them and ripped them up. She was drinking but this isn't like her. Should I say something?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
This week I'm going to ask a friend out. I'm pretty nervous. What are some helpful tips?
If your best friend was here, what advice would he give you?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
I'm going through a breakup. I don't have any friends. What options do I have as far as places to go/what to do?
My sister’s friend has started to tell everyone at my school that she is a bitch and everyone believes her. What do I do?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
Why does my friend's boyfriend seem so nice but is abusive?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
If a guy posts a picture of a girl on Instagram as if she’s his girlfriend but tells his grandma that they’re just friends, is the couple actually dating or are they really just friends?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
If I want to sponser my friend after getting P.R. can I?
Why are Brazilians so stereotypically happy/friendly?
How do I recover an old friend?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
She won’t give me her Facebook password. She says that she doesn't want to break the privacy and trust of her best male friend. What should I do?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
How do you move on after your boyfriend cheats on you with your best friend?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Some guys told my friends I am cute and have an adorable smile, but why did they never attempt to court me? Am I intimidating to them?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What does it mean when a boy says he'll be your friend but he basically ignores you?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
What do my close, single, male friend’s actions say about how he feels about me?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
Should I still be good friends with my ex-boyfriend?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
How do I gradually distance myself from someone without arousing suspicion?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
My boyfriend's best friend passed away recently. How should I advice or console him?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
What are the facts about you that even your friends are not going to believe?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
What are your best strategies when it comes to loaning money to friends?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What should I do if a girl keeps on rejecting me and tell me she will be my just friend?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Would a narcissistic sociopath tell you openly about their condition to garner sympathy and leniency in a friendship?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
Is it ok for a Indian boy to get naked in front of his other male friends (mainly same age or older) after growing his pubic hair?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What does it mean when he says he just wants to be friends?
How do I support a friend who self-harms?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
What should you do to make your best friend feel better after she just had a very, very detailed bad dream, like one where someone raped her?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
I have a gay friend who has a gay partner. The problem is that I just found out that my friend have never met him before in real life. What can I do?
Can you look at someone’s profile without them knowing or having to friend them first in 2017?
What should I buy for my best friend's birthday?
If you want to find an old girl friend but only have a first name and a picture of her, is it possible to find her?
How can I find a lady friend in Chandigarh?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
A friend of mine has an under-active thyroid, won't take medicines, and sweats then gets cold. What can happen to her?
How do you know when to read between the lines and not to?
If you are visiting a friend in a different state and their house is searched, can you be charged?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
How can I help my friend to eliminate her negativities in life?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
My friend's felon younger brother got out of prison and is now living with her, how can I support her?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
What's the difference between a best close friend and a girlfriend?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
What if a person whom you consider your best friend never initiates chat with you on social media?
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
Who are more important, friends, relatives or neighbours?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
How do you feel now, after starting from scratch overseas?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
How do I become friendly with my student in private tuition?
Is it possible to be straightforward and call a spade a spade and still have genuine friends in life?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
Which pronoun is correct, me or mine, in, “That was under the aegis of mine/me”?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
If your partner’s friend had an abortion, what would you think of her?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
It so happened that a friend (girl) of mine is upset due to workload, should I console her?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
I have secured 88% in my board exams and one of my friends secured 67%. Should I talk to him or not.
When someone asks if they should quit the final exams for their passion, people say “Don't be a quitter”, so why do they not say the same about a friend or a lover (or just anyone) quitting a relationship?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
What does it mean if my ex's best friend slaps my butt?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
What are some unique things you can do at a park with your friends?
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
What if a close friend chooses to be with the guy who causes all your pains, even if you told her how much he messed you up?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
How do you have a Christ-centered friendship to courtship?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
How right are rules in friendship?
What is the difference between a female friend and a girlfriend?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why do you like your friends?
How can I get a friend in the UK?
What are some fun activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What’s the best thing about 12th class friends?
What makes someone a real friend?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
What do I do/say to a friend who lost someone to suicide?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
How do I forget my best friend?
How do you know if a woman likes a guy as more than a friend?
I have to make a fantasy episode with 2 other friends and it's due in two days. What can we do?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
My friend was studying MBBS but he has dropped out to pursue engineering. What shall he do next?
Can my friend and I both choose the same post in the same city?
I proposed to my female best friend on WhatsApp. She politely rejected but requested me to stay in touch and stay as her bff. What should I do?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What goes through a woman's mind when she decides to turn a platonic friendship into a sexual one?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why does my friend with benefit gets jealous often?
What does it mean when a girl begs to befriend with a guy?
What should I charge friends and family for my artwork?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
What would make an ISFJ detach from a friendship?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
What do I do when I spend the night at my Japanese friend's house?
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
How often do you stalk your friends?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
One of my closest friends is leaving to another country. How do I deal with this without breaking down emotionally?
Why can't I keep friends?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
I'm developing feelings for my friend but I'm super lame, and clumsy. Should I change myself and wait?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
If a gifl says this conversation isn't finished yet and is to be continued, does that mean she likes her male friend?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
I think my friend is addicted to cocaine, he says he isn't. But he uses it almost every day. What should I do?
Shall I tell my ex-friend’s boyfriend the reason we broke the friendship?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
How do I ask a girl for sex or to be friends with benefits?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do I overcome the fear of failure of friendships?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
How could my friend avoid the effects of MDMA?
Could not saying goodbye the customary way (hug and bye kiss), activated my friend’s fear of abandonment? She has strong traits of BPD.
Does friendship happen at workplace?
Why can't my friends accept that I aim for higher grades?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
Why am I left out?
From an Islamic perspective, why is it bad for an unmarried woman to go inside a car with a guy even if they're just friends?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I deleted a pic of a good friend last year accidentally, how do I get it back?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
I study because I'm jealous of how good my friends are doing in school academically, is this motivation bad?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
Should I ask my best friend out?
Are best friends mutal?
In the 1st season, when it was getting filmed, how old were the cast members of “Friends”, in real life and on the show?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
My friend took too many sleeping pills and she keeps Snapchatting me that there are faeries and tree men in her room. Is she going to die?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
When a friend tells me to think more highly of myself, the opposite happens, and I feel very depressed and self-destructive. Why does this happen?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
Should I be friends with my friend's boyfriend if I used to be before they started dating?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
I have this crush on someone, but he has this (girl) friend who keep tagging along which irritates me so much. How to handle this?
So my girlfriend has her group of friends with one boy in it who is really flirty with her. What do I do?
Why do we get angered by our parents more easily than by our friends?
Should parents punish their underage teen for doing inappropriate things to his girl friend?
How can we compare our self with our best friend?
What should you do if all your friends has become your enemies?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
Which is the vasthu friendly apartments in trivndrum?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
How can I find emotional intimacy online (platonic)?
Do you hate your students? Why?
How can I stop Facebook friends finding out about me on Quora?
Why is it that anyone I've ever been friends with ends up talking shit about me, being super jealous of me or just legitimately wants to see me fail?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
I am shocked that my friend who I know is a narcissist did not call. How can someone who was my friend for almost 10 years be so heartless?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
Which gift will be suitable for a best friend?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to only have guy friends?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
In regards to death of acquaintances or close friends and family members, how many people did you know who have passed away?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
Why do Scientologists disconnect from family and friends?
How do I get over the fact that I chose to continue with studies and my friends chose to work that is giving them a lot of money?
A friend of mine has planted poppies and is curious how heroin is extracted from them. Does anyone in the Quora network know how it's done?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What if you start liking your best friend and suddenly, one fine day, she says she has a boyfriend already?
How do you manage to be friends with a girl whom you dated few days back?
How could I forget that my friend called me a liar when she herself was lying and I knew it? It is pinching me like hell.
How do I know my friend’s mobile call history?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Why does my husband remain quiet when we are together and then when he sees a neighbour or friend he talks like there is no tomorrow?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Why are friends so essential?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
My friend has a voice in her head that tells her to do bad things to herself and to kill herself. What do I do?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
"If your friend’s opinions are different from yours, deal with it." What is the meaning of "deal with it" in this sentence?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
Is it good being emotionally attached to someone for whom you are just a friend?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
I had a fight with a friend whom I like. We said some unpleasent things to each other. I want to apologise but she wouldn't talk to me. What can I do?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
My GF had a sex fling with a friend of ours a month before we were official, she tried to hide it and they are still friends. How do I get over it?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
If you were immortal, would there be a certain time in your future where you would forget your early life, such as your friends and family?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
How many times have you watched the complete series of F.R.I E.N.D.S.?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
If your best friend were to vomit on you every day in the same place at the same time of day, how many days would it take for you to get really angry?
What are some food Valentine verses for friends?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
How I can be an administrator of my friends’ WhatsApp group?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
What would you do if you found out that your friend was a sexual molester?
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Should I move on from my crush, a really good friend of mine, who doesn't like me that way now but still gives me hope?
What scary activities can you do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
Can children and their parents be good friends?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
Should I got to my friends birthday party?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
How abnormal is it to reach adulthood without ever having made a friend?
If you catch your female narcissist friend in the act of cheating, will she still lie?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
When insects eat other insects, is it cannibalism?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
What will you do if a close friend became the girlfriend of the guy who played with you and cheated on you with his girlfriend?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
We are in a group of 225 friends. What can we sell to each other?
Why do my friends get sick of me so easily?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
What is the difference between boy friend and best friend (for girls)?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop a friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to be his girlfriend? He says he doesn't love her.
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
What should a person do, when he looses support from his friends and family?
Who understands you better, your best friend or your worst enemy?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
How would it make you feel when your friend tells you he/she lost complete trust in you?
How do I help a friend who is anxious about leaving her parents?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
What would you do if you face off against your best friend on the opposing side of a battle?
Which of these people is more a part of your family; a cousin you never met or your best friend?
What are your opinions on friends with benefits?
Can I date my best friend?
Have you ever thought of the happy face of your best friend when she receives the birthday gift of a T-shirt designed for only her?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
My friend who lives across the country is in a situation where he may be thrown away from his family. How can I help?
What were the most unlikely friendships or relationships in History?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all the details about my previous relationship? E.x. I texted his friend that I like him (it was after the breakup)?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
My girlfriend tells me a secret about her friend and I tell them when I meet them. I promise her I'll stop, but it keeps happening. What do I do?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
What are some quotes about great friends?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
If liberals like Muslims so much, why are they embarrassed to call them friends?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
Do you think that there are true friends?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
Should I leave one of my best friends?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Why did my best friend ask out my crush?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
One of my friends has had a recurring drug problem and his parents won't do anything about it. What is the best course of action to take?
How do I make new friends?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do sometimes friends become enemies and how should you resolve it?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
What's the best way to overcome losing your partner/best friend?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How can I see my chats with friends and family on my PC?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
If my friend was searching the word 'suicide' on Wikipedia, is it okay for her parents to take away all of her social media and her computer?
Is it wrong to not want to feel special?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Why should we be friends with every race?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
What are some best books as birthday gifts to my best friend?
What are some boring stuff you can do with your friends?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
How I can finalize the best gifts for my friend?
Do guys like to masturbate with male friends?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to follow his friend (who's a girl) but they don't follow each other and she looks like a model?
Everyone gives tips for success. What about success and friendship?
When you are out on a trip or dinner with friends/family, why doesn't the bill split include the kids who order just as much as the adults?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
How can I develop something to offer in a relationship or friendship?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
Do your family and friends typically ignore, or otherwise not support your creative work?
I just failed my Kangaroo maths competition. All of my other friends got in the top 40% and above. I feel bad. How can I cope with this feeling?
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
Is it okay for an adult to be friends with a minor of the opposite sex? (34 year old man and 13 year old girl)
Are friends more important than money?
What will you do if a trusted friend betrays you and chose to take her chances with the guy who hurt you?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
What is the weird thing you do in a video game that none of your friends do?
How do I get notifications when my friend is online on WhatsApp?
How can I find a good girl online who can be my friend?
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
How do you cope with your ex stealing your friends?
Do you call it cheating if you kiss your best friend?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Can I find a mature female friend in Chandigarh?
How long does it take to adjust to a PhD life assuming you don't have any friends or romantic interests from the past going to the same place?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How can I help a friend who is undergoing domestic abuse by her father? We are both teenagers as of now.
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.x. I texted his best friend I like him (it was after the breakup)?
How many of you bought graduation dinners for visiting friends?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why is Chinese friendship (meaning from their governing body) as fake as their products?
Are Luka Modric and Kroos friends?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
Do people who are in their 20s prefer broad, shallow "friendships" online? Why?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.g. that I texted his friend that I like him? It was after the breakup.
How do you write an apology letter to your best friend?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Tomorrow will be my 22nd birthday and I have achieved nothing. I failed my job, my family, my friends, even myself. I just bought a knife. Should I use it?
What does it mean when my best guy friend got upset when I said he was like a brother to me?
Where can I get Japanese friends on the internet?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
There’s this guy in my class. He keeps on staring at me and teases me in a nice way. My best friend likes him. What should I do?
If a person is asking me to leave him, as a girl, what should I do? I like being friendly with him.
Should a guy gift a makeup kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
What if your friends are richer than you are?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
How do stores in the Philippines determine when to staple your bag? One friend would. The other would not. Both are females.
What should I do with friends I lost during my lifetime?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
Is there something wrong with me if I miss an emotionally abusive friend?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
What is the most effective way to grieve after a relationship or friendship has ended?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
If polyamory is not about sex (okay - I get that part), how is that not simply a close friendship?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why is there no Central Perk Cafe from Friends in NYC?
Why did people on Quora write that true friendship is a myth?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
What are your honest opinions about someone who left their two best friends after elementary school for their "own good"?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
What's more important, going to work to work, or going to work to make friends?
How can I ask for my friend’s WhatsApp account?
He hits on me but he acts like his female friend is his girlfriend. He had told me she isn't. What should I do?
A friend complained about spending $50 on a medical bill. I spend $500 every fortnight. I want to say “suck it up princess.” What should I say?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
Can a boy and a girl be best friends without people mistaking them for being a couple?
If a girl rejected me and​ still brings it up, does she like me?
I see my friends so excited about drinking and all. I am not at all interested in it. That's why sometimes I feel left out. Am I wrong?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
What is the difference between being in a relationship and being just friends?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
How do I get more friends in campus?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what else can I do that is cool as smoking but my friends don't do?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
What is the secret language for friends?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
How do you get over close friends who betrayed and hurt you too much, but just let you off easily?
What is it like to have a best friend that feels practically like your soul mate?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Can a girl become your best friend forever?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
What should I do now when the guy I liked (and he too was interested), his best friend proposed to me?
Do you have a friend or family member who supports Trump? How do you get along?
What is your thought about Indians, do you have any Indian friends?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
Why did my Muslim friend got mad when he accidentally ate bacon?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
How can I convince my strict parents to let me go out by myself with my friends for a few days?
Is it reasonable to stop befriending a person who has a deaf ear to music?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
I don't seem to meet guys at all. I don't go to bars/clubs because I have friends that have kids already and I don't online date. What to do?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
I don't have any friends at all. Should I still go to prom?
Why didn’t I get my practice ACT scores back when all my friends did?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
If you're having a hard time talking to a guy, and your friend sets up a pool game with you, him, her, and her boyfriend, is it considered a double date?
What is our relationship with my best guy friend?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
How can I spend my birthday when I have no friends?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
How do I cope with liking a friend's boyfriend?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
How do I find if a friend has passed away?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What does it mean if my boyfriend asks me, “Why do you want to come here? I know you want to be with me, but what else do you want out of your life?”
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
What would be your final straw, on an otherwise unbreakable friendship?
Which site can I get pen friends from any part of the world?
Could my friend secretly feed me chemicals in my food to damage my educational abilities?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
How can I finally stop having dreams about the person who hurt me 12 years ago?
Why would an ex want you as a best friend if she's in another sexual relationship?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
My relatives were friends since childhood and have lots of memories, I feel depressed that I dont have any such memories, what can I do?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
Is going to the movies with friends no longer enjoyable after high school?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
How do I convince my mom to let me spend the night at my friend’s house?
What are the best ways to get the attention of a guy on a social network without having to be friends with him?
My ex has NPD, eventually I'd had enough and left. I drove past his house yesterday and felt intense fear, why?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
How did Kurama and Naruto became friends?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
My best friend's bf is living in another country. They have not been seeing each other for 9 months. Are there any signs that he can cheat?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
How do I get my dad to trust my friend?
How can you know what friends are following you?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
Im spend most of my time alone on the internet until this sudden wakeup call, all my friends play sports, one has a girlfriend, how do I fit in?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
How many females got into a relationship or physical involvement with a long time best or good close male friend and felt you can't trust him?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you have nobody in your life you care about, no friends or family, is there a purpose to living?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I seem friendly?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
How do I stop being so attached to home and spend more time with friends as a 15 year old?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
How do I handle friends at school who show off to girls by bullying me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
Why are all my best friends immigrants?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
Is there a best way to calm an alt right friend without violence?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
How do I deal with my friend’s hot and cold treatment?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
My best friend's dad died at an early age. How could he and his family come and settle in Canada from India?
Who are your best friends in college?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Why do I love my friend so much?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
How can I get more happy without friends?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Is it wrong to have a girl as a friend?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
What will you do if a guy you pushed away because he was cheating with his girlfriend cheats again and chose your close, trusted friend instead?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
Is it legal if I got a paid template from my friend?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
Who was the most loyal friend in Seinfeld?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Am I weird if I find it utterly annoying to learn the rules of a board game?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What would happen if your friends almost fell off a building?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
How do I destroy my backstabbing ex friend's reputation?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
What are some good farewell wishes to a friend?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
How do you change friend groups?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
Did you ever backstab your best friend?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
How do I get over commitment issues?
My best friend moved away a year ago. I miss him every day and have a deep loneliness feeling occasionally. How can I feel better?
What does it mean when you’re friends with your ex but he stopped talking to you recently and is giving your best friend high-fives?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Why does my best friend always puts me down before others even when we have known each other for more than 10 years? How should I react to this?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
How can your child (someone under the age of 18) be your best friend? What is your definition of friendship?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
My friend got her hijab pulled by a group of boys and they physically hurt her. She doesn't say who they are out of fear. How can I help her?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Can you ever be friends with your mother-in-law?
What’s the best thing about 10th class friends?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
My friend has a voice in her that is telling her to do wrong things and to cut herself to make her bleed and die. What do I do?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
What are some good quotes about losing a friend to death?
If a guy stares at you in school for over a year, talks about you with his friends, and knows about your family and where you live, is it harassment?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
What do you call it when a friend gets angry with you for not knowing how to help her, so you ask? She is angry with me for asking. I can't read minds.
In your opinion, if a person has more money than they ever need, why would they choose to work instead of spending time with their family and friends?
How am I supposed to treat a friend who has admitted to being prejudiced?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
Why can’t I stand having attractive female friends?
How do I rebalance the relationship with my narcissistic friend?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
What's more important in a lasting relationship: physical attraction or a well developed friendship?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
How do I make money with friends?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How do I treat my girlfriend if she likes someone else? What is the best solution for this?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Female friend is talking about leaving her ex, feeling some romantic interest, should I start thinking of her as more than a friend?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
What is the best video game for making friends?
How can I revive a relationship with a friend?
Can I be friends with my best friend's enemy?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
How do I know if my WhatsApp friends have changed their contact numbers?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
What is a good and unique name for my new YouTube channel?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
Are there any single girls on Quora who are interested in just becoming good friends?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
What are the best methods to test your friendship?
Why does Quora force me to sign in and then steals my friends list?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What is the best European destination for summer with friends (age 26) after a hard year of work?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Should I ask my now-long distance friend why he is ghosting me? If yes, how?
Is it possible to stay as good old friends, even after one has proposed to another, and it was not accepted since the girl saw him only as her friend?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
How did you react when your friend had plastic surgery, or how would you react?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
How can you find a true friend if you migrate to a different country as an adult?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
My friend is bragging about getting a better grade in maths. How do I stop feeling jealous and depressed?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
Do political leaders have close friends?
I was (seriously) sick for a couple of weeks and my friend blocked me on WhatsApp. What should I do?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How do you know if your family/friends are homophobic?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
When does a girlfriend agree to have sex?
I have a friend who cusses at me specifically a lot. She's a sarcastic person but does she really mean it?
How I do befriend my female teacher?
How do I get my daughters 17 year old friend out of my house? I let her move in and now she won't leave.
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
What are some free activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
So the other night I had a sex dream about my crush's best friend. What does this mean?
How can one find a friends with benefits kind of girl in Gurgaon?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Should you still stay with your boyfriend if he creeps your best friend behind your back?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
How do I choose frien?
What is the difference between friendship and relationship?
I have no friends or relatives left. Is my life worthwhile?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
How do I motivate my friend to keep going during her exams?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Is it wrong to have friends with benefits while you are in a relationship with someone else?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
My friend is going through detox, why is she swollen?
Will my life be miserable if I don't have best friends?
A mutual friend made me aware of my friend’s feelings and mine too, which I didn't know earlier. I’m not sure if he still likes me. Should I ask him?
What is love, is it friendship?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
My best friend and crush can't/won't get along, what should I do?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
What is it like to have friends and a happy perfect life?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
How can I still hang with my drinking family and friends when I've decided to quit drinking?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
What would be a good tech gift for a friend (girl) under rs.1000 for her birthday?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
What are the best examples of "invite friend" functionality?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Do true friends really exist?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
Can two people who were best friends and then dated and then broke up ever be best friends again?
What does it feel like to be in love with your old friend?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
I don't want relationships or friendships, am I depressed or is this normal?
When friends develop income disparities, does that create friction between them. Especially among women and STEM workers?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
How would you react if your crush became the best friend of your best friend?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
For the last few weeks, I’ve been studying for my competition exams and ignoring every chance to be with my friends or family. Am I becoming selfish?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
How can we make friends with amateur hackers so that we can develop our network hacking skills?(any website / anonymous website)
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
How do you the describe the relationship of when a student becomes friends with a teacher after graduation?
How would you react if your crush become best friend of your best friend?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
Why do people you are a good friend to decide to steal and take advantage, then give you some stupid story of denial?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
What would you do if your best friend was about to fall from a cliff?
How do my friends get lots of followers on Instagram?
What are some poems about betrayal in a friendship?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Is it OK to outgrow long-term friends in your 30s and 40s?
One of my friends has absconded due to certain personal issues. How do I track his whereabouts?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
This girl at school has been messing with me, and my parents know but their family friends and my mom say to just be cordial, but she won't stop. What do I do?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
My parents won't let me hang out with any boys platonically. My other friends are allowed but I'm not. How can I convince them otherwise?
What are some good quotes about having no friends?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
If you had an opportunity to date the ex of your best friend and you wanted to, should you ask for your best friend's permission?
Where can I find a friend with benefits?
Who would you prefer in a friend and in a partner between an honest person and a good person, and why?
Which one should I consider as a good friend, the USA or Russia?
What is the name of writing uplifting and inspirational texts about friends?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What do I do with a one sided friendship?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
How can I fix the fact that I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
What is the best way to respond if your best friend is being distant and will not stop being mean and saying “btdubs” and “jk”?
Is there any benefit to ordering a package for a friend in Canada using Amazon Prime, rather than the friend ordering themselves?
If your best friend had a health scare & told you & then left you in the dark for 2 days while you freaked out & worried, would your feelings be hurt?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Where is a quiet place to spend time with your best friend in Whitefield, Bangalore?
Do you need to be friends first to ask your crush on a date?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Does a high score on the PCL-R automatically indicate psychopathy?
Is it okay to have more than 1 best friend? Is it best to only have 1 best friend?
Why should we value our adult children more than we value our oldest, best friends?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
Could you become my friend?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
Have you ever become friends with a person who you had a car accident with?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
How do I keep in touch with everyone?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
How do I move on from having a serious crush on my best friend and if you aren't friends anymore because you had a serious fight?
Where is the best place to make some new friends in New York? I am from Utah and have a hard time here.
By what name have you saved your friend's number?
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
Is having sex with your female friends ok, as long as you both understand a relationship is not possible?
Why is it that when I'm with my guy friends I'm cool but whenever I'm with my crush I get light headed and nervous?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
I'm sad, my crush now started liking my best friend, how do you handle that?
Are there any personal Q&A apps where you can ask your friends?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
How can I make my friends care about me?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
How do I become friends with my boss?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What is your role if your closest friend repeatedly speaks of dying soon because he is tired of life?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
How do I find good friends via social media?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
Are Dubya and the Obamas friends in real life?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
My friend's boyfriend discovered he can make super realistic goose noises and now he won't stop. Why?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How can I be happy in life without friends?
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
How can I have nice, respectful online friends?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why am I so insecure about my health, home, intelligence, friends and life?
What is the feeling of breaking up with a friend?
Do Muslims have Jewish friends?
Why can’t I dislike even one of the characters on Friends?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
Where can I find friendly women?
What is the best lyric prank to do on my 11-year old best friend who knows a lot of songs?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
My girlfriend wants to see everyday. She gets angry when I tell her otherwise. I feel suffocated and I lost all my friends. How can I resolve this?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How do I help my friends for getting bullied?
What can be done to cope with friends forgetting about you?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
How do I break a language barrier in a cross-cultural friendship?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
In what way does a 34 year Indian housewife think about her teenage friend?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
How have your friends changed?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
How do I open up more to family and friends?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
What kind of an impact can I have, if I could convince myself and a group of friends to prepare hard and join ISRO?
Have you ever lied to your best friend and still not got caught?
Is it gay to sleep over at a friend’s house at 20 years old?
Why do people want to be my friend?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
I used to like a friend of mine. Now, we don't stay in the same country. I want to tell her about the feelings I had for her. How can I do so?
How does one deal with being jealous of a friend?
What are some rude and just plain ignorant things that your family and friends did, even after you came out to them?
How come my boyfriend does things his friends ask even though I tell him not to or that I don't like it?
How can I repay my friend for her generosity when I have nothing worthwhile to give?
How do I forget about my best friend who's leaving me?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Can anyone be my friend?
Can my best friend forgive me for sleeping with her boyfriend?
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
Would you mind if I chat with you?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
Friends, family and even my parents have started to taunt me on my shape, what can I do for some quick results just quieten them down for a bit?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How do I tell if he is only considering me a friend not a GF?
Do you have any real life friends on Quora?
Do you have a beautiful heart?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
How would an INFP guy show his interest in a girl he's friends with online? (She's from another country.) What would both the subtleties & the obvious signs be?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
Are men who can't handle being friends immediately after a rejection emotionally weak and immature?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
How can I write a sweet goodnight text to a friend?
Should I cut off my superficial friend?
I’m 18 years old and live with my best friend and his baby. Am I missing out on certain things in life?
What does it mean when your crush tells his friend you look good?
Do family members count as friends?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
Is it normal or strange that a 30-something woman wants to become good friends and hang out with a 14-year-old girl?
Is it wise to stay friends with an ex that broke your heart?
How real is it if a guy who has a kid and girlfriend wants to be friends with you?
There's this boy in my class. He teases me and stares at me a lot. My best friend likes him. What should I do and does he like me?
My cousin sister trusts her friends more than her family.What should I do to make her realize that family comes first?
What type of relationship do you and your bestfriend share?
How can a teenage INTJ (specifically female) find friends?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
Is it possible to make friends if you give the illusion that you have something they want?
When a guy says he's not sure whether to go further from friend zone because he has long term depression, what should I do?
Do you believe that mirror is a woman's best friend?
My best friend was raped. How do I help her?
If I've been dating a man for over a year and I have never met any of his friends, what do you think? He has met scores of my friends.
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
What is more important: the person whom you lost your virginity to or your first real best friend?
Should I date my online best friend?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
Are people who only contact you because they need something from you (e.g., car repair, handyman services, money) considered friends?
Why are people friends when they are young, and when they grow up many times they become enemies?
Do girls need a guy friend?
What is the best way to figure out if your friend is gay or just a bit weird? (He keeps squealing like an idiot.)
Do you enjoy mutual admiration societies? Why or why not?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
Is it appropriate to send a greeting message to a online American friend for Mother's Day?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
This week I'm going to ask a friend out. I'm pretty nervous. What are some helpful tips?
Why do some boys in my class have girls as friends for benefits? I mean, they have them as friends for their own interests, not real friends.
My guy friend has a huge crush on me, but I don't like him enough because he isn’t athletic, cool enough, etc. What should I do?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
I'm going through a breakup. I don't have any friends. What options do I have as far as places to go/what to do?
My sister’s friend has started to tell everyone at my school that she is a bitch and everyone believes her. What do I do?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
My friend shut me down when I told him I want to be a software engineer at Google and I’m hell bent on proving I can do it. What do I do starting now?
How would you get two friends together as a couple?
If I want to sponser my friend after getting P.R. can I?
What if your roommates aren't your friends?
Should I be mad if my friend called me a nerd, a teacher’s pet, and a Goody Two-Shoes?
Why are Brazilians so stereotypically happy/friendly?
How can I get a Korean friend in Bangalore?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
She won’t give me her Facebook password. She says that she doesn't want to break the privacy and trust of her best male friend. What should I do?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
Would you be friends with an atheist?
Does Snapchat’s friends list differ for me and my friend?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
What is the greatest sacrifice you have made for friends?
What does it mean when a boy says he'll be your friend but he basically ignores you?
What happens to your friends at school?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
My friend didn't refer me and now he wants me to refer him. How should I approach?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
How do I tell my parents that my friend is gender non-binary? We're going on a trip this summer and I need to tell them soon.
What are the facts about you that even your friends are not going to believe?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
Despite being the most insulted being by man, man is dog's best friend. Don't dogs have feelings about this?
What does it mean when he says he just wants to be friends?
How can I forget about my friend’s feelings and kill myself?
How do I tell a married lady colleague (and close friend) that I'm attracted to her beyond mere friendship, that I'd like to take her on a date?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
What should you do to make your best friend feel better after she just had a very, very detailed bad dream, like one where someone raped her?
What should I buy for my best friend's birthday?
If you want to find an old girl friend but only have a first name and a picture of her, is it possible to find her?
How can I find a lady friend in Chandigarh?
Is it ok to make a male my BFF, knowing I have a boyfriend?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
How I can make my old friend regret leaving me?
I'm good at coping with stuff, but my friend isn't (even if it's about something small). How can I help her cope?
One of my friends is anorexic. I don't want to lose her trust. What should I do?
My friend passed away a few weeks ago, and my other friend told me he deserved it. Should I still be friends with her?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
How many people feel it's harmless/okay for the husband to have a female friend sit on his lap and for them to kiss in front of his wife?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
How do I become friendly with my student in private tuition?
Is it really worth worrying what your teachers, classmates, friends, parents and generally everybody around you think of you?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
I have secured 88% in my board exams and one of my friends secured 67%. Should I talk to him or not.
When someone asks if they should quit the final exams for their passion, people say “Don't be a quitter”, so why do they not say the same about a friend or a lover (or just anyone) quitting a relationship?
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
What does it mean if my ex's best friend slaps my butt?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
My friends and I are going to Hampi for a week’s stay. Should we book accommodation before going?
What are some unique things you can do at a park with your friends?
How do you have a Christ-centered friendship to courtship?
How right are rules in friendship?
What is the difference between a female friend and a girlfriend?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
What should I do now when the guy I liked (and he too was interested), his best friend proposed to me?
What’s the best thing about 12th class friends?
How do you stop your friend from drug dealing?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
What do I do/say to a friend who lost someone to suicide?
Why are inmates not allowed to face or wave at a friend/family when it's their turn to come into court?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
I blackmailed my best friend because I was bored. I never got caught (as I have an IQ of 162 and did it anonymously). Am I a horrible person?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
Is accidentally falling in love with a person whom you see as potential a friend wrong?
Two years back, there was this girl and we were both into each other but I broke up with her. Now, I just want to be her friend but she barely talks to me. What should I do?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
How should I tell my best friend that her ex was cheating on her?
What does it mean when a girl begs to befriend with a guy?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
One of my closest friends is leaving to another country. How do I deal with this without breaking down emotionally?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
How do you know if your friend likes your boyfriend?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
If teaching clears/irons out concepts, then why does a friend who is being taught last night by a friend often outscores?
Shall I tell my ex-friend’s boyfriend the reason we broke the friendship?
Did you get life-long friends in nursing school?
Could not saying goodbye the customary way (hug and bye kiss), activated my friend’s fear of abandonment? She has strong traits of BPD.
Does friendship happen at workplace?
Why am I left out?
From an Islamic perspective, why is it bad for an unmarried woman to go inside a car with a guy even if they're just friends?
In the 1st season, when it was getting filmed, how old were the cast members of “Friends”, in real life and on the show?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
How do I find a romantic match for a friend who is incredibly eligible but still single?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
I have this crush on someone, but he has this (girl) friend who keep tagging along which irritates me so much. How to handle this?
Why do we get angered by our parents more easily than by our friends?
How can we compare our self with our best friend?
What should you do if all your friends has become your enemies?
How do I make my friend love himself?
Which is the vasthu friendly apartments in trivndrum?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
How do I know how to read someone?
What is the best way to talk to your crush (alone) if she's always in a group with her friends? I can barely see her during the school break.
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
I've been asked to be a best man at my friends wedding, what do I have to do?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to only have guy friends?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
How do I get over the fact that I chose to continue with studies and my friends chose to work that is giving them a lot of money?
What if a girl cries for a boy? Is it love or a friendship?
How do you manage to be friends with a girl whom you dated few days back?
How could I forget that my friend called me a liar when she herself was lying and I knew it? It is pinching me like hell.
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
Why are friends so essential?
Sometimes, I feel disconnected from my family, friends and even school, why is that? What do I do?
Can my boyfriend come back within a month if he just got deployed?
"If your friend’s opinions are different from yours, deal with it." What is the meaning of "deal with it" in this sentence?
Why do men lose interest in women (be it in friendships or relationships) after a few months and then get a replacement?
Is it good being emotionally attached to someone for whom you are just a friend?
I had a fight with a friend whom I like. We said some unpleasent things to each other. I want to apologise but she wouldn't talk to me. What can I do?
How do I get a friend into computer technology? I have a great person to teach and need someone to help.
My GF had a sex fling with a friend of ours a month before we were official, she tried to hide it and they are still friends. How do I get over it?
If your best friend were to vomit on you every day in the same place at the same time of day, how many days would it take for you to get really angry?
I friendzoned a close friend I regret sleeping with. Is it normal that he tells me about his sex life everytime we talk, without me even asking?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Should I got to my friends birthday party?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
When insects eat other insects, is it cannibalism?
Am I a bad friend for not shaving my head?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
What is the difference between boy friend and best friend (for girls)?
What should a person do, when he looses support from his friends and family?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop a friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to be his girlfriend? He says he doesn't love her.
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How do I help a friend who is anxious about leaving her parents?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
What is the best gift you can give your guy friend if you got $50?
How can I become friendly towards others?
How can I send a message to a friend without my identity?
My friend who lives across the country is in a situation where he may be thrown away from his family. How can I help?
What were the most unlikely friendships or relationships in History?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all the details about my previous relationship? E.x. I texted his friend that I like him (it was after the breakup)?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Can one continue to be a best friend to someone who you were sexually active with?
What does it mean when a girl tells her friends that she doesn't like a boy? How should he behave with her?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
What's the best way to overcome losing your partner/best friend?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
What are some best books as birthday gifts to my best friend?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
What do your parents say when you say you have beat a friend?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Do your family and friends typically ignore, or otherwise not support your creative work?
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
A guy friend of mine has developed a crush on me. Should I be worried about our friendship?
Is it okay for an adult to be friends with a minor of the opposite sex? (34 year old man and 13 year old girl)
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
What is the weird thing you do in a video game that none of your friends do?
Has any of your enemies become your friend?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
How can I find a good girl online who can be my friend?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
How long does it take to adjust to a PhD life assuming you don't have any friends or romantic interests from the past going to the same place?
How do I deal with a friend who gives silent treatment?
How can I help a friend who is undergoing domestic abuse by her father? We are both teenagers as of now.
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.x. I texted his best friend I like him (it was after the breakup)?
How many of you bought graduation dinners for visiting friends?
What is an old friend?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
Are Luka Modric and Kroos friends?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.g. that I texted his friend that I like him? It was after the breakup.
What is the best book I can gift to my 18 year old female friend?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
My friend and I have the same crush on my best friend, who was my ex, and I have a boyfriend. Everyone is in the same friend group. What do I do?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
Can I use find out in the past, for example, I found out that the hotel had closed my reservation?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
My old BFF, who was my BFF for 6 years, doesn’t want to let me go. Why?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
How do I reconnect with my ex? We've broken up since 8 years and we're both married. I just want to be friends with her. Would she mind?
What is the most effective way to grieve after a relationship or friendship has ended?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
If polyamory is not about sex (okay - I get that part), how is that not simply a close friendship?
He hits on me but he acts like his female friend is his girlfriend. He had told me she isn't. What should I do?
If a girl rejected me and​ still brings it up, does she like me?
Is there any way to find out what your friend has called you on Snapchat?
What is the difference between being in a relationship and being just friends?
What are some stories about one not having any friends in his teen years?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
Can a girl become your best friend forever?
Do you have a friend or family member who supports Trump? How do you get along?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
My friend didn't reply to my date invitation. Should I fight for her or give up?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How can I spend my birthday when I have no friends?
What does it mean if my boyfriend asks me, “Why do you want to come here? I know you want to be with me, but what else do you want out of your life?”
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
What is your favourite type of ice cream?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
Is going to the movies with friends no longer enjoyable after high school?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does it mean if my crush wants to be friends with me before my high school life end and he knows I like him without me telling him?
I have been rejected by 3 girls, but some of my friends (who are girls) told me that I look good. I am confused. What should I do?
How would you talk again to your ex bestfriend of 7 years after 2 years of no contact and deletion from social media?
My ex has NPD, eventually I'd had enough and left. I drove past his house yesterday and felt intense fear, why?
My best friend's bf is living in another country. They have not been seeing each other for 9 months. Are there any signs that he can cheat?
Im spend most of my time alone on the internet until this sudden wakeup call, all my friends play sports, one has a girlfriend, how do I fit in?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
I asked her out, she said she had a project to do, but then she hung out with her friend. Should I keep on chasing her or move on?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
Can any one have a crush on your friend’s girl friend?
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
My best friend's dad died at an early age. How could he and his family come and settle in Canada from India?
Who are your best friends in college?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
How can I get more happy without friends?
My friend in need keeps asking for money. What should I do?
Is it legal if I got a paid template from my friend?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
I love my friend, but he is judgmental. Is there a point in keeping the friendship?
What does it mean when you’re friends with your ex but he stopped talking to you recently and is giving your best friend high-fives?
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
What if you like a boy/girl and they like you back, as in more than friends, but they friend zone you?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
My friend is under a lot of pressure lately because of studies and a lot of other things. Her parents are also very strict. How can I cheer her up?
Why does my best friend always puts me down before others even when we have known each other for more than 10 years? How should I react to this?
My male Indian friend had a strand of flowers above his dorm bed. He claimed he didn't know why his friends put it there. What does it mean?
How can your child (someone under the age of 18) be your best friend? What is your definition of friendship?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
How do I tell my friend that I have a crush on the girl that her ex-girlfriend cheated on her with?
What’s the best thing about 10th class friends?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
What do you call it when a friend gets angry with you for not knowing how to help her, so you ask? She is angry with me for asking. I can't read minds.
In your opinion, if a person has more money than they ever need, why would they choose to work instead of spending time with their family and friends?
This boy, said he likes me as a friend, infront of his friend, is he lying?
What's more important in a lasting relationship: physical attraction or a well developed friendship?
How do I treat my girlfriend if she likes someone else? What is the best solution for this?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
A friend asked to date me, but something felt weird, so I called it off. I found out later that he was engaged. Now, he and his fiancee are both harassing me. What do I do?
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
Are there any single girls on Quora who are interested in just becoming good friends?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
How can some people love friends more than family?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
What can I do about life? I’m 24 and have no friends or family. All I do is work, then go home.
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
I was (seriously) sick for a couple of weeks and my friend blocked me on WhatsApp. What should I do?
Why some guys find it easy to move on whereas some guys despite being rejected never lose hope and keep pursuing for the same girl?
When does a girlfriend agree to have sex?
I have a friend who cusses at me specifically a lot. She's a sarcastic person but does she really mean it?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How old is your relationship with your best friend?
Should you still stay with your boyfriend if he creeps your best friend behind your back?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
I have no friends or relatives left. Is my life worthwhile?
How do I motivate my friend to keep going during her exams?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
Why do girls feel the need to protect me?
Is it wrong to have friends with benefits while you are in a relationship with someone else?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
Will my life be miserable if I don't have best friends?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
What is it like to have friends and a happy perfect life?
How can I still hang with my drinking family and friends when I've decided to quit drinking?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
When friends develop income disparities, does that create friction between them. Especially among women and STEM workers?
Her friends call us cute together. What do I do?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
How can we make friends with amateur hackers so that we can develop our network hacking skills?(any website / anonymous website)
Why do people you are a good friend to decide to steal and take advantage, then give you some stupid story of denial?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
One of my friends has absconded due to certain personal issues. How do I track his whereabouts?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
Which one should I consider as a good friend, the USA or Russia?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How do I cut out an ex friend from my life?
Is it correct to say 'how was your night' when conversing with friends or neighbours in the morning?
What do I do with a one sided friendship?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
How can I fix the fact that I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend?
I'm dating a close friend and realising I don't like him romantically + dislike intimacy. What do I do?
What is the best way to respond if your best friend is being distant and will not stop being mean and saying “btdubs” and “jk”?
A friend of mine once wrote on her blog that "being alone is [her] personal catch-22." What are some possible interpretations of what this could mean?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
Where is a quiet place to spend time with your best friend in Whitefield, Bangalore?
Do you need to be friends first to ask your crush on a date?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
Is it okay to have more than 1 best friend? Is it best to only have 1 best friend?
How do I keep in touch with everyone?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
My best friend and I are drifting apart, what should I do?
How do I move on from having a serious crush on my best friend and if you aren't friends anymore because you had a serious fight?
By what name have you saved your friend's number?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
Are there any personal Q&A apps where you can ask your friends?
How do I find good friends via social media?
Have you left your childhood friend? What was the reason?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is 'Khwahish' similar to 'Chahat'?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
My friend's boyfriend discovered he can make super realistic goose noises and now he won't stop. Why?
Why don’t I get a girlfriend? I have lots of girls as friends but not for going out.
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
Why can’t I dislike even one of the characters on Friends?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
How can I fart to my friend's face?
Can my friend go for CET counselling if she failed in Kannada?
If you have a bipolar friend and they’re doing something stupid and dangerous, what do you do?
Are Hyderabad girls ok with friends with benefits?
What should single young Indians do if they don’t have girlfriends or many friends?
My wife wants me to be happy for her and still be her friend after she cheated on me and continues to sleep around with multiple men. How do I cope?
How do I make friends with American girls?
While studying, my friend started laughing and I don’t know the reason. Is there any bad reason behind it?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
How Israel has been such an indispensable friend for India, even in times of betrayal by major powers?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
(Teen girl) I don't like any of my friends and have no real attachment to them. What's wrong? Do I do anything?
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
What is the etiquette of bringing a known HIV-undetectable friend to a potential orgy?
Why do I savour and relish watching Happy Three Friends?
What should one do when he knows that everyone, including his friends and peer group, has gotten a lot of success in their lives and careers, but he hasn’t?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
I have five friends. I like one of the five and want her to be my best friend, but she already has a best friend who I don't like. What should I do?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
What is the best way to get far away from power and money-created friends?
A friend of mine will be transferred to a "boot camp" treatment facility soon. A relative of mine runs one of the programs. How do I tell her?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
Do girls feel hesitant to come alone with a male best friend?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How do I confirm that the girl wants to be just friends?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
How can I start a relationship with a friend living overseas?
I have a friend that says he doesn't believe in Darwinian Evolution, how can I convince him it exists?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
Can love and friendship never coexist? Does it always have to be one of the two?
When a straight woman tells her lesbian friend, “my heart is sure that he loves you but my mind is not,” what does she mean?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How can I prove to my friend that products such as bio-disks and energy pendants are fake?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
Will my old friends get jealous of me after seeing big changes in me (that have made me better) from the time we last met?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
How do I deal with flirty boy with whom you want to be in friendship?
What should I do if my friend in a Quora question lied about my (and his) socio-economic status and made me seem evil, cruel, prejudice, and elitist?
What is the passive voice of they were my friends?
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
Why is it so important to me to have the ex narcissist want me back, even if only as a friend, which is how we started. What happened to my friend?
What does it mean, when somebody says we don't vibe even as friends and also has preconceived thoughts about it?
Why am I so negative? Why am I so different than my friends? Why do I have to feel all of this pain at a young age?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
Is it possible to become friends after a breakup if the relationship ended because of external causes and in good terms?
What do I do if my ex-best friend and her brother are harassing me?
Me and my friend in class are punching each other and bullying each other. Why do we call each other friends? Why do we keep up with each other?
How strange is it to feel more connected to a friend than your significant other yet you still want to be with your significant other?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
How do you cope with friends who are jealous of your salary?
Why do lesbians always want to be friends with their ex-boyfriends?
My friend and I want to add each other back on Snapchat. She doesn't have me blocked anymore, but it still isn't letting me add her back. Why?
How can I comfort my 86-year-old father and convince him that he won't visit his friend, who has just passed away?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
What are some good quotes about betrayal in friendship?
My friend might get kicked out of his house when he turns 18, is there anything he can do to prepare?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
One of our friends does not offer to host family get-togethers even though they come to all of them. This makes me angry. How do I tell them?
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
What should one do if he is not able to resume his long-lasting friendship?
You're famous and are doing well, and your ex-friend tries to pull you down. How do you handle such a situation?
How should I feel if my girlfriend puts hearts around her gay friend's name?
What should I do if my friend lied in a Quora answer about my socio-economic status. This friend made me seem evil, so that people said I am a terrible person.
What is the best advice for someone who is constantly bothered by her boyfriend's female friends?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
A female friend of mine has a boyfriend, but she has told me many times that she would love to have me as a boyfriend. I don't feel the same for her. What should I do?
How many friends do you have as an adult?
Why do people with enough money keep on working so hard when they can be spending time with their families and friends?
When did your trustworthy friend break his/her trust, and why?
My best friends abandoned me and since then I've had this fear going alone anywhere. This is new. Have my ex-friends caused some psychological damage?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
This guy was telling me and my friend a story but he mostly looked at her and only glanced at me for a few seconds. Does he like my friend?
How should one get over the feeling of failed love or the "friend zone"?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
Is it weird for a thirteen year old girl to be friends with a twenty three year old man?
Is it bad to like two best friends?
What can I do to support two friends recently diagnosed with cancer (one ovarian, one colon)? I don't live in the same state as either.
I am 17. I want to travel to Korea with friends. Should I live a little and do it, or be stuck here under the expectations of my family?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
Why did I lose some friends just because I said that I fully support Donald Trump and all of his stances?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
One of my best friend recently visited us for a vacation stay with his family, he kept making fun about everything including me, is this ok?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
I really like a guy that 2 of my best friends are talking to, what do I do?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
Does my friend (girl) have a crush on me?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
Why am I feeling a great affection for a very close girl friend?
What do you do when boredom hits you hard (with no friends to hangout and tired of all gimmick gadgets)?
Is it ok for my boyfriend’s female friend to contact him when she splits with her man?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
How do you put a friendship back together?
How do I make my girl friend rich?
I told my friend about how I feel for her, but she never replied. What should I be doing about it?
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
How do I know that a friend is using his proper name and surname?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
How can I make my best friend happy?
If I created a designer baby with god-like genetics (210+ adult IQ, GQ-ified Nietzschean Ubermensch), would he have any real companions or a wife?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
Have you ever met any of your Internet friends? What was it like?
What should I do? I have this gut feeling that the time with one of my friends will be cut short.
Why do bullies try to be friends with the person they bullied?
A friend is male transgender on treatment in a serious relationship with a female. He still has his tackle. What happens during a close encounter?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
Why did my Sagittarius friend tell me to leave her the fuck alone? She won't tell me what I did wrong.
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
When my girlfriend sees me surprisingly in public with her friend she treats me like a normal friend, what does that mean?
Why do girls friendzone nice guy best friends and settle for a nice husband?
What should I do, if a really good female friend of mine wants to date me but I would rather stay friends?
Who are the worst friends you’ve ever had?
If you are friends with your ex, does that mean your love was never real?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
What does it mean when he doesn't want a relationship, and at the same you are not exactly a friend? Why is that?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
What do you do if your friend underestimates you?
Would ISTP lose interest and be distant after being told that I just want to be good friends?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
What can I do to impress my boyfriend’s friends when I meet them, in India?
How do I tell my best friend (28 year-old female) of my concerns that her new boyfriend appears to be manipulative and controlling?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
What is the letter format to ask for money for friends’ wedding gifts?
What is the best thing to say best friend in her birthday?
We both are 18. How do I propose to her? She is career-oriented and less talkative, but friendly with a caring nature.
How can I read my friend’s WhatsApp?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
Is it right to shame my friend in front of everyone, since he is using his father's bribed money?
Why do guys always complain about the friend zone?
Why is there hatred for friendship in me?
I have a suicidal friend who lives in a different state with an abusive parent. How can I help them?
How do you force a teacher to let you and your friends stay in the same class?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
How do I refuse a gift from my girl friend?
What is the best thing your friend(s) have done for you?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
What is the best strategy to get out of friend zone and make her fall in love with me instead?
How do you have sex with your friend’s sister?
What should I do about my boyfriend’s best friend that keeps trying to break us up?
How does one keep in touch or get in touch with highschool friends?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
Which was the best friend of Tagore?
How do I help my best friend who has been having an unhealthily obsessive crush on someone? It's actually really worrying and creepy.
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
Will my feelings for my best friend go away with time?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
How do I open up more to family and friends?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How should one go about healing a dying, long-distance friendship?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
I bought my best friend a $25 gift card from bath and body works for her 20th birthday. Do you think this was a good gift?
Why do people want to be my friend?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
I have a crush on a friend who obviously likes me. I'm a teenager. What's the next step?
How can you tell if your girlfriend is sleeping with your friend?
Is it OK for a rape survivor to make rape jokes? He says it helps him own the situation, but female friends have complained.
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How can I repay my friend for her generosity when I have nothing worthwhile to give?
How do I forget about my best friend who's leaving me?
How do I write a farewell message to a friend?
How can I use my friend’s account without her knowledge?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
What should I do if my friend in a Quora question lied about my (and his) socio-economic status and made me seem evil, cruel, prejudice, and elitist?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
Do you have any real life friends on Quora?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
Are men who can't handle being friends immediately after a rejection emotionally weak and immature?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
I’m 18 years old and live with my best friend and his baby. Am I missing out on certain things in life?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Do family members count as friends?
Is it normal or strange that a 30-something woman wants to become good friends and hang out with a 14-year-old girl?
A guy rejected me a year ago. I still am interested. Could I take him cookies to test the waters and at least try to rebuild a friendship?
Do you think it's weird that I don't enjoy chit-chatting, especially in groups?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What is the best advice for someone who is constantly bothered by her boyfriend's female friends?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
This guy was telling me and my friend a story but he mostly looked at her and only glanced at me for a few seconds. Does he like my friend?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
Are people who only contact you because they need something from you (e.g., car repair, handyman services, money) considered friends?
Why do students try to be friends with teachers?
How do you forgive a friend who isn’t willing to accept her mistakes?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
My sister’s friend has started to tell everyone at my school that she is a bitch and everyone believes her. What do I do?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
What if your roommates aren't your friends?
How can I get a Korean friend in Bangalore?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
Why are Brazilians so stereotypically happy/friendly?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How do you cope with losing a friend?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
How do I tell my parents that my friend is gender non-binary? We're going on a trip this summer and I need to tell them soon.
My boyfriend's best friend passed away recently. How should I advice or console him?
Why is my best friend acting shy around me lately?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
If you are friends with your ex, does that mean your love was never real?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Would a narcissistic sociopath tell you openly about their condition to garner sympathy and leniency in a friendship?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What should I buy for my best friend's birthday?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
How do I stop resenting my best friend after the largest fight we've ever had? And why am I resenting her?
How can I forge a girlfriend?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Is it really worth worrying what your teachers, classmates, friends, parents and generally everybody around you think of you?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
What’s the best thing about 12th class friends?
Why are inmates not allowed to face or wave at a friend/family when it's their turn to come into court?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
I have to make a fantasy episode with 2 other friends and it's due in two days. What can we do?
Is accidentally falling in love with a person whom you see as potential a friend wrong?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
I proposed to my female best friend on WhatsApp. She politely rejected but requested me to stay in touch and stay as her bff. What should I do?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What goes through a woman's mind when she decides to turn a platonic friendship into a sexual one?
What should I charge friends and family for my artwork?
What would make an ISFJ detach from a friendship?
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Can a male/boy and a female/girl be best friend?
How often do you stalk your friends?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
Is it worth it to invest time in a friendship?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Does friendship happen at workplace?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
From an Islamic perspective, why is it bad for an unmarried woman to go inside a car with a guy even if they're just friends?
I deleted a pic of a good friend last year accidentally, how do I get it back?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do we get angered by our parents more easily than by our friends?
Why would your friend use your enemy against you?
How can we compare our self with our best friend?
How do I make my friend love himself?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
You're famous and are doing well, and your ex-friend tries to pull you down. How do you handle such a situation?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
A female friend of mine has a boyfriend, but she has told me many times that she would love to have me as a boyfriend. I don't feel the same for her. What should I do?
Which gift will be suitable for a best friend?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
How do you manage to be friends with a girl whom you dated few days back?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
Why does my husband remain quiet when we are together and then when he sees a neighbour or friend he talks like there is no tomorrow?
How could I forget that my friend called me a liar when she herself was lying and I knew it? It is pinching me like hell.
Is it bad to like two best friends?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
Sometimes, I feel disconnected from my family, friends and even school, why is that? What do I do?
Why do men lose interest in women (be it in friendships or relationships) after a few months and then get a replacement?
Is it good being emotionally attached to someone for whom you are just a friend?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
What are some food Valentine verses for friends?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
Can children and their parents be good friends?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
My friend texted my crush. How do I fix this?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
A friend asked me to design her wedding invitation. Could I get away with not spending that much on a wedding gift?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
How can I spend my time in summer holiday alone (I don't have friends)?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
How would it make you feel when your friend tells you he/she lost complete trust in you?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
What would you do if you face off against your best friend on the opposing side of a battle?
What is the best gift you can give your guy friend if you got $50?
What is the letter format to ask for money for friends’ wedding gifts?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
How can I read my friend’s WhatsApp?
My girlfriend tells me a secret about her friend and I tell them when I meet them. I promise her I'll stop, but it keeps happening. What do I do?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
Do you think that there are true friends?
Why is there hatred for friendship in me?
Should I leave one of my best friends?
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
Can one continue to be a best friend to someone who you were sexually active with?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How does one keep in touch or get in touch with highschool friends?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
How can I see my chats with friends and family on my PC?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Does my best friend want to be with me?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
What are some boring stuff you can do with your friends?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
(Teen girl) I don't like any of my friends and have no real attachment to them. What's wrong? Do I do anything?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
Do guys like to masturbate with male friends?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to follow his friend (who's a girl) but they don't follow each other and she looks like a model?
What do your parents say when you say you have beat a friend?
How can I develop something to offer in a relationship or friendship?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
What is the weird thing you do in a video game that none of your friends do?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
How long does it take to adjust to a PhD life assuming you don't have any friends or romantic interests from the past going to the same place?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
How can I prove to my friend that products such as bio-disks and energy pendants are fake?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
Anderson Paak is coming to perform in South Africa. I really want to watch him but my friends don't like his music. Who must I ask to go with me?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.g. that I texted his friend that I like him? It was after the breakup.
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
What should I do with friends I lost during my lifetime?
What does it mean, when somebody says we don't vibe even as friends and also has preconceived thoughts about it?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
Is it possible to become friends after a breakup if the relationship ended because of external causes and in good terms?
How strange is it to feel more connected to a friend than your significant other yet you still want to be with your significant other?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
Why would a man lie to his friends about who asked for your divorce?
How can I comfort my 86-year-old father and convince him that he won't visit his friend, who has just passed away?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
What's more important, going to work to work, or going to work to make friends?
A friend complained about spending $50 on a medical bill. I spend $500 every fortnight. I want to say “suck it up princess.” What should I say?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
I see my friends so excited about drinking and all. I am not at all interested in it. That's why sometimes I feel left out. Am I wrong?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
What is the difference between being in a relationship and being just friends?
What is it like to have a best friend that feels practically like your soul mate?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do you get over close friends who betrayed and hurt you too much, but just let you off easily?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Can a girl become your best friend forever?
How do you deal with loneliness and depression on a daily basis when you live alone and all your friends have moved away?
Do you have a friend or family member who supports Trump? How do you get along?
What should I do for my friend who has family issues?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
Is it reasonable to stop befriending a person who has a deaf ear to music?
When did your trustworthy friend break his/her trust, and why?
How do I find if a friend has passed away?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
Could my friend secretly feed me chemicals in my food to damage my educational abilities?
What is your favourite type of ice cream?
Does anyone ask a friend for help to get a suitable job?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
Is going to the movies with friends no longer enjoyable after high school?
I have been rejected by 3 girls, but some of my friends (who are girls) told me that I look good. I am confused. What should I do?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
How would you talk again to your ex bestfriend of 7 years after 2 years of no contact and deletion from social media?
What are the best ways to get the attention of a guy on a social network without having to be friends with him?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How do I get my dad to trust my friend?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How many females got into a relationship or physical involvement with a long time best or good close male friend and felt you can't trust him?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you have nobody in your life you care about, no friends or family, is there a purpose to living?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
Can any one have a crush on your friend’s girl friend?
A friend is male transgender on treatment in a serious relationship with a female. He still has his tackle. What happens during a close encounter?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
Why do girls friendzone nice guy best friends and settle for a nice husband?
A guy and I know that we like each other. He is going with another girl to prom as a friend. He invited me to an after-party. Do I go?
What does it mean when he doesn't want a relationship, and at the same you are not exactly a friend? Why is that?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Who are your best friends in college?
What should I do if I told my crush I liked her, but she said she just wanted to be good friends? Now I think she likes me, but she obviously won't say anything because she already said no.
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Is it legal if I got a paid template from my friend?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
Who was the most loyal friend in Seinfeld?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
Am I weird if I find it utterly annoying to learn the rules of a board game?
What would happen if your friends almost fell off a building?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
How do I destroy my backstabbing ex friend's reputation?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
I love my friend, but he is judgmental. Is there a point in keeping the friendship?
What is the best strategy to get out of friend zone and make her fall in love with me instead?
How can I tell when one of my friends is online with WhatsApp?
My best friend moved away a year ago. I miss him every day and have a deep loneliness feeling occasionally. How can I feel better?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What if you like a boy/girl and they like you back, as in more than friends, but they friend zone you?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
Should I play with my friend's children?
My friend got her hijab pulled by a group of boys and they physically hurt her. She doesn't say who they are out of fear. How can I help her?
Is it ok to send a friend flowers for Mother’s Day?
How do I tell my friend that I have a crush on the girl that her ex-girlfriend cheated on her with?
What songs should a friend-zoned guy listen to?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
Are Hyderabad girls ok with friends with benefits?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
How do I make money with friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
Female friend is talking about leaving her ex, feeling some romantic interest, should I start thinking of her as more than a friend?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
How can I revive a relationship with a friend?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What is the best European destination for summer with friends (age 26) after a hard year of work?
How did you react when your friend had plastic surgery, or how would you react?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
Why some guys find it easy to move on whereas some guys despite being rejected never lose hope and keep pursuing for the same girl?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
How can one find a friends with benefits kind of girl in Gurgaon?
What do I do if my ex-best friend and her brother are harassing me?
How do I choose frien?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
What do you do when you love your best friend, but she won’t take you as her boyfriend?
Why do girls feel the need to protect me?
My friend is going through detox, why is she swollen?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
What are some good quotes about betrayal in friendship?
What is it like to have friends and a happy perfect life?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
How can we make friends with amateur hackers so that we can develop our network hacking skills?(any website / anonymous website)
How should one get over the feeling of failed love or the "friend zone"?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
How would you react if your crush become best friend of your best friend?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
How do my friends get lots of followers on Instagram?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
A girl I'm friends with keeps getting distant when we get close again and she knows I like her. What's the deal?
What are some good quotes about having no friends?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
How do you ask out a girl who has a lot of guy friends?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
Where can I find a friend with benefits?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
What is the name of writing uplifting and inspirational texts about friends?
How do I cut out an ex friend from my life?
What do I do with a one sided friendship?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can I fix the fact that I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend?
If your best friend had a health scare & told you & then left you in the dark for 2 days while you freaked out & worried, would your feelings be hurt?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Do you need to be friends first to ask your crush on a date?
Why should we value our adult children more than we value our oldest, best friends?
Could you become my friend?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Have you ever met any of your Internet friends? What was it like?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
How do I move on from having a serious crush on my best friend and if you aren't friends anymore because you had a serious fight?
Why is it that when I'm with my guy friends I'm cool but whenever I'm with my crush I get light headed and nervous?
By what name have you saved your friend's number?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
How would you feel if you lose a friend forever? And how would you overcome it?
I'm sad, my crush now started liking my best friend, how do you handle that?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Are there any personal Q&A apps where you can ask your friends?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
Would ISTP lose interest and be distant after being told that I just want to be good friends?
How did Tom & Ed get to know/become friends?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What is your role if your closest friend repeatedly speaks of dying soon because he is tired of life?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Are Dubya and the Obamas friends in real life?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
What can be done to cope with friends forgetting about you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
What would you do if you were forced to be friends with someone who is the most illogical and arrogant person ever?
Have you ever questioned all the choices you've made so far (studies, habits, friends) and finally started all over doing what really makes you happy?
When Harvard freshmen mass-friend people in the beginning, do they mostly friend other Harvard freshmen, or do they also mass-friend upperclassmen?
What is the etiquette of bringing a known HIV-undetectable friend to a potential orgy?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
Where can I befriend high achievers?
Have you ever lied to your best friend and still not got caught?
Why do I savour and relish watching Happy Three Friends?
Is it cowardly that all my friends on my school trip tried cigarettes and I didn't?
Is it gay to sleep over at a friend’s house at 20 years old?
A friend of mine will be transferred to a "boot camp" treatment facility soon. A relative of mine runs one of the programs. How do I tell her?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How does one deal with being jealous of a friend?
What’s the worst thing you have done to your best friend?
If you could choose one world leader to be your best friend, which one would you choose?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
A friend of mine was travelling from Australia at 11 AM local time. As soon as they took off, it went dark outside the airplane. How?
Why don’t people take a stand for their friend when their boyfriend comes into play?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
Can love and friendship never coexist? Does it always have to be one of the two?
What would guys think and feel if their friend (a girl) who they have known for 4 yrs hugged them unexpectedly? She's never done that before.
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Would you mind if I chat with you?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
What is the most foolish thing to do and still appear cool in front of your family and friends?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
What does it mean when your crush tells his friend you look good?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
There's this boy in my class. He teases me and stares at me a lot. My best friend likes him. What should I do and does he like me?
My cousin sister trusts her friends more than her family.What should I do to make her realize that family comes first?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
What type of relationship do you and your bestfriend share?
How can a teenage INTJ (specifically female) find friends?
How do I tell my friend I like her subtly?
Should my girlfriend allow me to go for a trip with two of my girl best friends?
Do you believe that mirror is a woman's best friend?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What are the symbols representing friendship?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
How do you make a guy friend like you?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
Am I right to criticise my friend for the way she emailed a teacher for help?
I am 17. I want to travel to Korea with friends. Should I live a little and do it, or be stuck here under the expectations of my family?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
I’m a 19 year old with no friends. What do I do?
Do you enjoy mutual admiration societies? Why or why not?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
This week I'm going to ask a friend out. I'm pretty nervous. What are some helpful tips?
If your best friend was here, what advice would he give you?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
Why does my friend's boyfriend seem so nice but is abusive?
If a guy posts a picture of a girl on Instagram as if she’s his girlfriend but tells his grandma that they’re just friends, is the couple actually dating or are they really just friends?
How do I recover an old friend?
If your partner’s friend had an abortion, what would you think of her?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
She won’t give me her Facebook password. She says that she doesn't want to break the privacy and trust of her best male friend. What should I do?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do you put a friendship back together?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
How do you move on after your boyfriend cheats on you with your best friend?
What is the greatest sacrifice you have made for friends?
If I created a designer baby with god-like genetics (210+ adult IQ, GQ-ified Nietzschean Ubermensch), would he have any real companions or a wife?
What happens to your friends at school?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
My friend didn't refer me and now he wants me to refer him. How should I approach?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
How do I support a friend who self-harms?
How do I tell a married lady colleague (and close friend) that I'm attracted to her beyond mere friendship, that I'd like to take her on a date?
I have a gay friend who has a gay partner. The problem is that I just found out that my friend have never met him before in real life. What can I do?
How can I find a lady friend in Chandigarh?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
How do you know when to read between the lines and not to?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do you react when your best friend abuses your mother weirdly?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
What's the difference between a best close friend and a girlfriend?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
I'm good at coping with stuff, but my friend isn't (even if it's about something small). How can I help her cope?
Can you be lovers and friends?
My friend passed away a few weeks ago, and my other friend told me he deserved it. Should I still be friends with her?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do you feel now, after starting from scratch overseas?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How do I become friendly with my student in private tuition?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
What are some unique things you can do at a park with your friends?
How do I make friends with American girls?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
Why do you like your friends?
How can I get a friend in the UK?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
How Israel has been such an indispensable friend for India, even in times of betrayal by major powers?
What should I do now when the guy I liked (and he too was interested), his best friend proposed to me?
What makes someone a real friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
How do I forget my best friend?
How do you know if a woman likes a guy as more than a friend?
Can my friend and I both choose the same post in the same city?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
Why can't I keep friends?
I'm developing feelings for my friend but I'm super lame, and clumsy. Should I change myself and wait?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
Did you get life-long friends in nursing school?
How do enemies become friends?
What are some cheap activities you can do in Portland, Oregon with your friends?
How could my friend avoid the effects of MDMA?
Could not saying goodbye the customary way (hug and bye kiss), activated my friend’s fear of abandonment? She has strong traits of BPD.
Why can't my friends accept that I aim for higher grades?
Why am I left out?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I study because I'm jealous of how good my friends are doing in school academically, is this motivation bad?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
Should I be friends with my friend's boyfriend if I used to be before they started dating?
How can I learn to let people in again?
I have this crush on someone, but he has this (girl) friend who keep tagging along which irritates me so much. How to handle this?
So my girlfriend has her group of friends with one boy in it who is really flirty with her. What do I do?
One of our friends does not offer to host family get-togethers even though they come to all of them. This makes me angry. How do I tell them?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
How can I find emotional intimacy online (platonic)?
Can you make a painting for your ex if you are still friends?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
I've been asked to be a best man at my friends wedding, what do I have to do?
Why do Scientologists disconnect from family and friends?
A friend of mine has planted poppies and is curious how heroin is extracted from them. Does anyone in the Quora network know how it's done?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
Why did I lose some friends just because I said that I fully support Donald Trump and all of his stances?
"If your friend’s opinions are different from yours, deal with it." What is the meaning of "deal with it" in this sentence?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
I had a fight with a friend whom I like. We said some unpleasent things to each other. I want to apologise but she wouldn't talk to me. What can I do?
How do I get a friend into computer technology? I have a great person to teach and need someone to help.
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
My GF had a sex fling with a friend of ours a month before we were official, she tried to hide it and they are still friends. How do I get over it?
If you were immortal, would there be a certain time in your future where you would forget your early life, such as your friends and family?
How many times have you watched the complete series of F.R.I E.N.D.S.?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Why do my friends get sick of me so easily?
Why did my Sagittarius friend tell me to leave her the fuck alone? She won't tell me what I did wrong.
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Am I a bad friend for not shaving my head?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop a friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to be his girlfriend? He says he doesn't love her.
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
How do I help a friend who is anxious about leaving her parents?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
How do I know if my friend is using WhatsApp Plus, and is hiding his visibility?
My friend who lives across the country is in a situation where he may be thrown away from his family. How can I help?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all the details about my previous relationship? E.x. I texted his friend that I like him (it was after the breakup)?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
After 8 years I found my so-called Hindu friend a backbiter, self-sabotaging, and harmful for me. What will I do?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
One of my friends has had a recurring drug problem and his parents won't do anything about it. What is the best course of action to take?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
I'm in love with my best friend and I have no clue how she feels towards me. Should I tell her or try to forget my feelings?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
Everyone gives tips for success. What about success and friendship?
I just failed my Kangaroo maths competition. All of my other friends got in the top 40% and above. I feel bad. How can I cope with this feeling?
Are friends more important than money?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How can I find a good girl online who can be my friend?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.x. I texted his best friend I like him (it was after the breakup)?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
Is it okay to go on a trio trip with a very good guy friend and his girlfriend (who is also a friend), and stay in the same room? But there's a catch!
Why is Chinese friendship (meaning from their governing body) as fake as their products?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
Are Luka Modric and Kroos friends?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
What does it mean when my best guy friend got upset when I said he was like a brother to me?
How do I deal with flirty boy with whom you want to be in friendship?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
There’s this guy in my class. He keeps on staring at me and teases me in a nice way. My best friend likes him. What should I do?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
Me and my friend in class are punching each other and bullying each other. Why do we call each other friends? Why do we keep up with each other?
Is there something wrong with me if I miss an emotionally abusive friend?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
How do I reconnect with my ex? We've broken up since 8 years and we're both married. I just want to be friends with her. Would she mind?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
My friend and I want to add each other back on Snapchat. She doesn't have me blocked anymore, but it still isn't letting me add her back. Why?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
What are some stories about one not having any friends in his teen years?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
How can I convince my strict parents to let me go out by myself with my friends for a few days?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
What is our relationship with my best guy friend?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
She friendzoned me after a healthy relationship, just because her mom asked her for a promise that she'll be just friends with me. What can I do?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
What would be your final straw, on an otherwise unbreakable friendship?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
How do I convince my mom to let me spend the night at my friend’s house?
My friend won't answer my texts or calls, and his friend told me that he didn't like me anymore. What's happening to us?
My best friend's bf is living in another country. They have not been seeing each other for 9 months. Are there any signs that he can cheat?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
Im spend most of my time alone on the internet until this sudden wakeup call, all my friends play sports, one has a girlfriend, how do I fit in?
How do I know that a friend is using his proper name and surname?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
What should I do? I have this gut feeling that the time with one of my friends will be cut short.
How do I make new close friends?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
My best friend's dad died at an early age. How could he and his family come and settle in Canada from India?
Why do I love my friend so much?
How can I get more happy without friends?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
What can I do to impress my boyfriend’s friends when I meet them, in India?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Which is the best picture of Dylan Maclntyre and his boy friend?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
My male Indian friend had a strand of flowers above his dorm bed. He claimed he didn't know why his friends put it there. What does it mean?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
Can my friend go for CET counselling if she failed in Kannada?
Can you ever be friends with your mother-in-law?
What’s the best thing about 10th class friends?
If a guy stares at you in school for over a year, talks about you with his friends, and knows about your family and where you live, is it harassment?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
What do you call it when a friend gets angry with you for not knowing how to help her, so you ask? She is angry with me for asking. I can't read minds.
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
This boy, said he likes me as a friend, infront of his friend, is he lying?
What's more important in a lasting relationship: physical attraction or a well developed friendship?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
How do I know if my WhatsApp friends have changed their contact numbers?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
What is a good and unique name for my new YouTube channel?
How can I start a relationship with a friend living overseas?
I have a friend that says he doesn't believe in Darwinian Evolution, how can I convince him it exists?
Are there any single girls on Quora who are interested in just becoming good friends?
How can I help my friend with his, admittedly unhealthy, relationship?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can some people love friends more than family?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Should I ask my now-long distance friend why he is ghosting me? If yes, how?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
What are some fun activities you can do at a friends party?
Why does my friend yearn to re-engage with an old boyfriend from 30 years' ago?
How do you know if your family/friends are homophobic?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How I do befriend my female teacher?
I have a friend who cusses at me specifically a lot. She's a sarcastic person but does she really mean it?
How do I get my daughters 17 year old friend out of my house? I let her move in and now she won't leave.
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
What is the difference between friendship and relationship?
How do I motivate my friend to keep going during her exams?
Is it wrong to have friends with benefits while you are in a relationship with someone else?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
How do I build a social circle during college?
A mutual friend made me aware of my friend’s feelings and mine too, which I didn't know earlier. I’m not sure if he still likes me. Should I ask him?
Would you travel to France alone or would you rather go with your best friend?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
How can I tell him I love him without ruining our friendship? I don't want to lose my best friend.
What would be a good tech gift for a friend (girl) under rs.1000 for her birthday?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
What are the best examples of "invite friend" functionality?
How many friends do you have as an adult?
What does it feel like to be in love with your old friend?
Why do people with enough money keep on working so hard when they can be spending time with their families and friends?
When friends develop income disparities, does that create friction between them. Especially among women and STEM workers?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
For the last few weeks, I’ve been studying for my competition exams and ignoring every chance to be with my friends or family. Am I becoming selfish?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
Why do people you are a good friend to decide to steal and take advantage, then give you some stupid story of denial?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
This girl at school has been messing with me, and my parents know but their family friends and my mom say to just be cordial, but she won't stop. What do I do?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
My parents won't let me hang out with any boys platonically. My other friends are allowed but I'm not. How can I convince them otherwise?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
Is it correct to say 'how was your night' when conversing with friends or neighbours in the morning?
I'm dating a close friend and realising I don't like him romantically + dislike intimacy. What do I do?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Is there any benefit to ordering a package for a friend in Canada using Amazon Prime, rather than the friend ordering themselves?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
Where is a quiet place to spend time with your best friend in Whitefield, Bangalore?
Is it okay to have more than 1 best friend? Is it best to only have 1 best friend?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
Where is the best place to make some new friends in New York? I am from Utah and have a hard time here.
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
How do I tell my best friend (28 year-old female) of my concerns that her new boyfriend appears to be manipulative and controlling?
How do I become friends with my boss?
How abnormal is it to reach adulthood without ever having made a friend?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
My friend told me she wanted to commit suicide but her reason isn't really bad. What should I do?
Why can’t I dislike even one of the characters on Friends?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
How do I help my best friend who has been having an unhealthily obsessive crush on someone? It's actually really worrying and creepy.
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
How do I break a language barrier in a cross-cultural friendship?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
In what way does a 34 year Indian housewife think about her teenage friend?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
While studying, my friend started laughing and I don’t know the reason. Is there any bad reason behind it?
What is the best place in Amritsar to hangout with friends?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
If a friend steals from you, does it matter if it’s 5 dollars or 5,000 dollars? Will they still be your friend if they steal 5 dollars?
How could I mix two separate groups of friends I have made in different circumstances that live in close proximity to each other, such as on a campus?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
What kind of an impact can I have, if I could convince myself and a group of friends to prepare hard and join ISRO?
How do I make friends at 20?
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
How come my boyfriend does things his friends ask even though I tell him not to or that I don't like it?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Can being close friends/in a relationship with an extroverted aspie be a constant source of adrenaline rushes?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Can anyone be my friend?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What singular question would you ask to find out the most about a person?
What do I do when some people get attached to me and say that they love me but I don't even consider them as friends?
Why don't my friendships last?
What do you do when your best friends start hating each other and one of your best friend is your boyfriend?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
Why is my friend so horrible at mathematics?
How do I tell if he is only considering me a friend not a GF?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
How would an INFP guy show his interest in a girl he's friends with online? (She's from another country.) What would both the subtleties & the obvious signs be?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
Why am I so negative? Why am I so different than my friends? Why do I have to feel all of this pain at a young age?
Are nice guys who often get told by their female friends "I only see you as a friend" just feminine guys?
How should a good friend be?
Should I cut off my superficial friend?
Why all of the sudden my ex started to contact me? After she found out, I'm gonna visit my old friend in Toronto.
I want to gift my friend something for her promotion. What could I get her?
I have a friend that is homophobic, and is somewhat religious, but she supports me 95% of the way with my bisexuality. Why is does she do this?
How have your friends changed you?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Is it wise to stay friends with an ex that broke your heart?
How can I subscribe a friend to Quora?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
Is it possible to make friends if you give the illusion that you have something they want?
My best friend was raped. How do I help her?
If I've been dating a man for over a year and I have never met any of his friends, what do you think? He has met scores of my friends.
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
Is friends with benefits thing okay with your best friend?
If after 3 years I haven't met all of my boyfriend’s female friends, is this normal?
Why are people friends when they are young, and when they grow up many times they become enemies?
Do girls need a guy friend?
How do I even bring up the subject to my best friend of 13 years that I am now attracted to her?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to figure out if your friend is gay or just a bit weird? (He keeps squealing like an idiot.)
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
Is it appropriate to send a greeting message to a online American friend for Mother's Day?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
I'm going through a breakup. I don't have any friends. What options do I have as far as places to go/what to do?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
If I want to sponser my friend after getting P.R. can I?
My relatives were friends since childhood and have lots of memories, I feel depressed that I dont have any such memories, what can I do?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
Would you be friends with an atheist?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Some guys told my friends I am cute and have an adorable smile, but why did they never attempt to court me? Am I intimidating to them?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What does it mean when a boy says he'll be your friend but he basically ignores you?
What do my close, single, male friend’s actions say about how he feels about me?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
At what age is maintaining female friends good?
How do I say no to a homo guy who approached you for relationship if you are straight but still wants to be with him because he is your best friend?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What should I do if a girl keeps on rejecting me and tell me she will be my just friend?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What does it mean when he says he just wants to be friends?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
What should you do to make your best friend feel better after she just had a very, very detailed bad dream, like one where someone raped her?
Do you think you could forgive your friend once you learn that she/he had backstabbed you by proposing to your crush?
Can you look at someone’s profile without them knowing or having to friend them first in 2017?
Is it ok to make a male my BFF, knowing I have a boyfriend?
If you are visiting a friend in a different state and their house is searched, can you be charged?
How can I help my friend to eliminate her negativities in life?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
What if a person whom you consider your best friend never initiates chat with you on social media?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
How many people feel it's harmless/okay for the husband to have a female friend sit on his lap and for them to kiss in front of his wife?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
Is it possible to be straightforward and call a spade a spade and still have genuine friends in life?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
When someone asks if they should quit the final exams for their passion, people say “Don't be a quitter”, so why do they not say the same about a friend or a lover (or just anyone) quitting a relationship?
What does it mean if my ex's best friend slaps my butt?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
My best friend's boyfriend was rude to me. Is it wrong that my friend did nothing to defend me?
What if a close friend chooses to be with the guy who causes all your pains, even if you told her how much he messed you up?
How do you have a Christ-centered friendship to courtship?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
What is the difference between a female friend and a girlfriend?
What are some fun activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
How do you stop your friend from drug dealing?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
I blackmailed my best friend because I was bored. I never got caught (as I have an IQ of 162 and did it anonymously). Am I a horrible person?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What are the most creative nicknames you've called your friends or still call? You could share the story behind it.
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
When a straight woman tells her lesbian friend, “my heart is sure that he loves you but my mind is not,” what does she mean?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
How do you know if your friend likes your boyfriend?
If a gifl says this conversation isn't finished yet and is to be continued, does that mean she likes her male friend?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
If teaching clears/irons out concepts, then why does a friend who is being taught last night by a friend often outscores?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Why is it so important to me to have the ex narcissist want me back, even if only as a friend, which is how we started. What happened to my friend?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
Can you give an ex-girlfriend who is a friend a kiss on the cheek? I think she is a lesbian now.
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Should parents punish their underage teen for doing inappropriate things to his girl friend?
My friend might get kicked out of his house when he turns 18, is there anything he can do to prepare?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
I am shocked that my friend who I know is a narcissist did not call. How can someone who was my friend for almost 10 years be so heartless?
How do I know how to read someone?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
What was the best incident of your life that made you happy?
How do I get over the fact that I chose to continue with studies and my friends chose to work that is giving them a lot of money?
Should I judge people for being judgmental?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Why are friends so essential?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
My friend has a voice in her head that tells her to do bad things to herself and to kill herself. What do I do?
Can my boyfriend come back within a month if he just got deployed?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
Why am I feeling a great affection for a very close girl friend?
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
If your best friend were to vomit on you every day in the same place at the same time of day, how many days would it take for you to get really angry?
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
If you catch your female narcissist friend in the act of cheating, will she still lie?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
Have you ever had a best friend who backstabbed you?
What should a person do, when he looses support from his friends and family?
What should I do, if a really good female friend of mine wants to date me but I would rather stay friends?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Which of these people is more a part of your family; a cousin you never met or your best friend?
What are your opinions on friends with benefits?
Have you ever thought of the happy face of your best friend when she receives the birthday gift of a T-shirt designed for only her?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How can I send a message to a friend without my identity?
What were the most unlikely friendships or relationships in History?
Why can't I feel an emotional connection with anyone, including friends?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
What are some quotes about great friends?
If liberals like Muslims so much, why are they embarrassed to call them friends?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What does it mean when a girl tells her friends that she doesn't like a boy? How should he behave with her?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I make new friends?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
My wife wants me to be happy for her and still be her friend after she cheated on me and continues to sleep around with multiple men. How do I cope?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
My first love is my friend. I made her a painting that was my love letter from her that I ripped up by accident. Can I give it?
What are some best books as birthday gifts to my best friend?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
How I can finalize the best gifts for my friend?
When you are out on a trip or dinner with friends/family, why doesn't the bill split include the kids who order just as much as the adults?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
My male best friend pulled away and got back with his ex, who he supposedly hated, and is now acting like a different person. I miss him a lot; will he ever come back?
What will you do if a trusted friend betrays you and chose to take her chances with the guy who hurt you?
A guy friend of mine has developed a crush on me. Should I be worried about our friendship?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
Has any of your enemies become your friend?
How do I get notifications when my friend is online on WhatsApp?
Can I find a mature female friend in Chandigarh?
Do you call it cheating if you kiss your best friend?
How do I deal with a friend who gives silent treatment?
How can I help a friend who is undergoing domestic abuse by her father? We are both teenagers as of now.
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
How do you write an apology letter to your best friend?
Where can I get Japanese friends on the internet?
My friend and I have the same crush on my best friend, who was my ex, and I have a boyfriend. Everyone is in the same friend group. What do I do?
If a person is asking me to leave him, as a girl, what should I do? I like being friendly with him.
Where can I meet friends who want to create wealth and prosperity together?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
What if your friends are richer than you are?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
Can I use find out in the past, for example, I found out that the hotel had closed my reservation?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do you cope with friends who are jealous of your salary?
What is the most effective way to grieve after a relationship or friendship has ended?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What is the best way to get over your first heartbreak and still be friends?
How would an NPD feel knowing you disclosed/exposed his sickness to his best friend in an email?
Why did people on Quora write that true friendship is a myth?
What are your honest opinions about someone who left their two best friends after elementary school for their "own good"?
How can I ask for my friend’s WhatsApp account?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
What is your thought about Indians, do you have any Indian friends?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
I don't have any friends at all. Should I still go to prom?
Why didn’t I get my practice ACT scores back when all my friends did?
My friend didn't reply to my date invitation. Should I fight for her or give up?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
If you're having a hard time talking to a guy, and your friend sets up a pool game with you, him, her, and her boyfriend, is it considered a double date?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
How can I spend my birthday when I have no friends?
How do I cope with liking a friend's boyfriend?
Which site can I get pen friends from any part of the world?
How can I finally stop having dreams about the person who hurt me 12 years ago?
Why would an ex want you as a best friend if she's in another sexual relationship?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean if my crush wants to be friends with me before my high school life end and he knows I like him without me telling him?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
My ex has NPD, eventually I'd had enough and left. I drove past his house yesterday and felt intense fear, why?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
What will you do if a close friend became the girlfriend of the guy who played with you and cheated on you with his girlfriend?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
I told my friend about how I feel for her, but she never replied. What should I be doing about it?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How do I help a grieving addict best friend?
How can I seem friendly?
How do I stop being so attached to home and spend more time with friends as a 15 year old?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
How do I handle friends at school who show off to girls by bullying me?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
Is there a best way to calm an alt right friend without violence?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
When my girlfriend sees me surprisingly in public with her friend she treats me like a normal friend, what does that mean?
Who are the worst friends you’ve ever had?
How do I deal with my friend’s hot and cold treatment?
If you broke up with an ex recently, is it right for a friend within the same friend group to date him/her?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
What will you do if a guy you pushed away because he was cheating with his girlfriend cheats again and chose your close, trusted friend instead?
What is the best thing to say best friend in her birthday?
We both are 18. How do I propose to her? She is career-oriented and less talkative, but friendly with a caring nature.
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
Did you ever backstab your best friend?
How do you change friend groups?
How do I get over commitment issues?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
Which was the best friend of Tagore?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
How can your child (someone under the age of 18) be your best friend? What is your definition of friendship?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I fart to my friend's face?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
My friend has a voice in her that is telling her to do wrong things and to cut herself to make her bleed and die. What do I do?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
In your opinion, if a person has more money than they ever need, why would they choose to work instead of spending time with their family and friends?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Why can’t I stand having attractive female friends?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
What should one do when he knows that everyone, including his friends and peer group, has gotten a lot of success in their lives and careers, but he hasn’t?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Are friends everything in life?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
What is the best video game for making friends?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
A friend asked to date me, but something felt weird, so I called it off. I found out later that he was engaged. Now, he and his fiancee are both harassing me. What do I do?
If you became friends with your crush, wouldn't you just get friend-zoned?
What attitude should we take towards envy in a friendship?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
What are the best methods to test your friendship?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
How can you find a true friend if you migrate to a different country as an adult?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
My friend is bragging about getting a better grade in maths. How do I stop feeling jealous and depressed?
Why do I feel livelier and happier with my friends?
I was (seriously) sick for a couple of weeks and my friend blocked me on WhatsApp. What should I do?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How old is your relationship with your best friend?
So the other night I had a sex dream about my crush's best friend. What does this mean?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Will my life be miserable if I don't have best friends?
Can a man be good friends with a girl who already has a boyfriend?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
Is it possible to feel something for your well known male friend after you married to another man?
What should one do if he is not able to resume his long-lasting friendship?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
If you had to choose between never in your life having a partner or sex but having a friend/friends, what would you choose and why?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
Why do I feel jealous and very hurt when my best friend (boy) gives extra priority to someone (girl)?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
Is it weird for a thirteen year old girl to be friends with a twenty three year old man?
What would you do if your best friend was about to fall from a cliff?
Is it OK to outgrow long-term friends in your 30s and 40s?
One of my friends has absconded due to certain personal issues. How do I track his whereabouts?
Should I forgive my ex-friend who ruined my dream research project and played with my emotions?
Is it wrong to have a girl as a friend?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
What do you do when boredom hits you hard (with no friends to hangout and tired of all gimmick gadgets)?
Is it ok for my boyfriend’s female friend to contact him when she splits with her man?
Who would you prefer in a friend and in a partner between an honest person and a good person, and why?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
What do I do if I love my best friend at a Catholic school?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
What is the best way to respond if your best friend is being distant and will not stop being mean and saying “btdubs” and “jk”?
A friend of mine once wrote on her blog that "being alone is [her] personal catch-22." What are some possible interpretations of what this could mean?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Does a high score on the PCL-R automatically indicate psychopathy?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
Have you ever become friends with a person who you had a car accident with?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
When you like your opposite sex friend, how can you distinguish this feeling from love?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
Is having sex with your female friends ok, as long as you both understand a relationship is not possible?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
How can I make my friends care about me?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
What does a guy usually think when his colleague ‘pretends’ to slap him?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
My friend's boyfriend discovered he can make super realistic goose noises and now he won't stop. Why?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How can I be happy in life without friends?
How can I have nice, respectful online friends?
Why am I so insecure about my health, home, intelligence, friends and life?
Do Muslims have Jewish friends?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
What is the best lyric prank to do on my 11-year old best friend who knows a lot of songs?
My girlfriend wants to see everyday. She gets angry when I tell her otherwise. I feel suffocated and I lost all my friends. How can I resolve this?
Where can I find friendly women?
Am I doomed to the friendzone if I'm a guy who loves his best female friend?
How do I refuse a gift from my girl friend?
How do I help my friends for getting bullied?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
All my friends abandoned me & there is only one month left in the year. How do I make freinds with haters who bullie about my outfits & say im stupid?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
How have your friends changed?
What is the harshest truth you've said to a friend?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
Is it possible to love multiple people for different reasons?
I used to like a friend of mine. Now, we don't stay in the same country. I want to tell her about the feelings I had for her. How can I do so?
Who has been the most important person in your life after your parents and best friend and why?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
What are some rude and just plain ignorant things that your family and friends did, even after you came out to them?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
How does it feel to have sex with a friend’s wife?
Will my old friends get jealous of me after seeing big changes in me (that have made me better) from the time we last met?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
Can my best friend forgive me for sleeping with her boyfriend?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
How can I forgive my friend?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
How do you tackle in a situation like; a friend and you are sharing a same room and s/he snores?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
Friends, family and even my parents have started to taunt me on my shape, what can I do for some quick results just quieten them down for a bit?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Do you have a beautiful heart?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
What was the last message from your friend?
Is it possible that my friend is depressed, or is she just telling me she's cutting for attention?
How can I write a sweet goodnight text to a friend?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How real is it if a guy who has a kid and girlfriend wants to be friends with you?
Am I to blame for not taking a friend's humour lightly who repeatedly called me a whore and a sex machine, even after I told him I can't tolerate it?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
When a guy says he's not sure whether to go further from friend zone because he has long term depression, what should I do?
What if Naruto and Garra had become friends as kids?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
What is more important: the person whom you lost your virginity to or your first real best friend?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
What do I do if I get frustrated with my friends easily?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Should I pay my ex-friend back for what he did?
Should I date my online best friend?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
What should I do if my friends are asking me to join the QNET?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How can I find out if one of my friends on a friends list has two phone numbers?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
My friend stole flowers from a homeless man who was selling them and ripped them up. She was drinking but this isn't like her. Should I say something?
Why do some boys in my class have girls as friends for benefits? I mean, they have them as friends for their own interests, not real friends.
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
My guy friend has a huge crush on me, but I don't like him enough because he isn’t athletic, cool enough, etc. What should I do?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
My friend shut me down when I told him I want to be a software engineer at Google and I’m hell bent on proving I can do it. What do I do starting now?
How would you get two friends together as a couple?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
Should I be mad if my friend called me a nerd, a teacher’s pet, and a Goody Two-Shoes?
How do I unblock myself on my friend’s Imo?
Does Snapchat’s friends list differ for me and my friend?
Why does time go slow if you think back about friendship?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
Should I still be good friends with my ex-boyfriend?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
Why do bullies try to be friends with the person they bullied?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What's one social app that you love to use for getting together with friends and family?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How do I gradually distance myself from someone without arousing suspicion?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
My first love is now a lesbian (I am a dude, by the way). We are still friends. How do I approach this situation?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
What are your best strategies when it comes to loaning money to friends?
What are the facts about you that even your friends are not going to believe?
Is it justified to have quality time with a friend not with a purpose of dating? In short, what is your opinion on FWB (friends with benefits?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Is it ok for a Indian boy to get naked in front of his other male friends (mainly same age or older) after growing his pubic hair?
Despite being the most insulted being by man, man is dog's best friend. Don't dogs have feelings about this?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
How can I forget about my friend’s feelings and kill myself?
If you want to find an old girl friend but only have a first name and a picture of her, is it possible to find her?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
A friend of mine has an under-active thyroid, won't take medicines, and sweats then gets cold. What can happen to her?
What are some topics or tips for introducing yourself to a friend in high school?
Is it right to shame my friend in front of everyone, since he is using his father's bribed money?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
How I can make my old friend regret leaving me?
How can I help my friend attend the UCSD orientation without letting his guardians know?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
My friend's felon younger brother got out of prison and is now living with her, how can I support her?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
One of my friends is anorexic. I don't want to lose her trust. What should I do?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
Who are more important, friends, relatives or neighbours?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Which pronoun is correct, me or mine, in, “That was under the aegis of mine/me”?
It so happened that a friend (girl) of mine is upset due to workload, should I console her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
I have secured 88% in my board exams and one of my friends secured 67%. Should I talk to him or not.
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
My friends and I are going to Hampi for a week’s stay. Should we book accommodation before going?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
What should single young Indians do if they don’t have girlfriends or many friends?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What do I do/say to a friend who lost someone to suicide?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
I have five friends. I like one of the five and want her to be my best friend, but she already has a best friend who I don't like. What should I do?
My friend was studying MBBS but he has dropped out to pursue engineering. What shall he do next?
Two years back, there was this girl and we were both into each other but I broke up with her. Now, I just want to be her friend but she barely talks to me. What should I do?
How should I tell my best friend that her ex was cheating on her?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
Why does my friend with benefit gets jealous often?
What does it mean when a girl begs to befriend with a guy?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
How does my friend stop her mother from constantly dismissing her?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
What do I do when I spend the night at my Japanese friend's house?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
One of my closest friends is leaving to another country. How do I deal with this without breaking down emotionally?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
I think my friend is addicted to cocaine, he says he isn't. But he uses it almost every day. What should I do?
Shall I tell my ex-friend’s boyfriend the reason we broke the friendship?
How do I ask a girl for sex or to be friends with benefits?
How do I overcome the fear of failure of friendships?
What is the passive voice of they were my friends?
Should I ask my best friend out?
Are best friends mutal?
My friend took too many sleeping pills and she keeps Snapchatting me that there are faeries and tree men in her room. Is she going to die?
In the 1st season, when it was getting filmed, how old were the cast members of “Friends”, in real life and on the show?
When an outsider enters your space with your friends and then you are sidelined, what do you do when you feel like you want to smash him down every day?
When a friend tells me to think more highly of myself, the opposite happens, and I feel very depressed and self-destructive. Why does this happen?
How do I find a romantic match for a friend who is incredibly eligible but still single?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
What should you do if all your friends has become your enemies?
Which is the vasthu friendly apartments in trivndrum?
What should I do if my friend lied in a Quora answer about my socio-economic status. This friend made me seem evil, so that people said I am a terrible person.
How can I stop Facebook friends finding out about me on Quora?
Do you hate your students? Why?
Why is it that anyone I've ever been friends with ends up talking shit about me, being super jealous of me or just legitimately wants to see me fail?
What is the best way to talk to your crush (alone) if she's always in a group with her friends? I can barely see her during the school break.
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
She approached me, smiled and said something, looking straight in my eyes, and then her friend looked at her, started giggling and she started giggling too. We are both girls and have already planned to go on a date. Does this mean her friend knows?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to only have guy friends?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
In regards to death of acquaintances or close friends and family members, how many people did you know who have passed away?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
What if you start liking your best friend and suddenly, one fine day, she says she has a boyfriend already?
What if a girl cries for a boy? Is it love or a friendship?
How do I know my friend’s mobile call history?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
I really like a guy that 2 of my best friends are talking to, what do I do?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Does my friend (girl) have a crush on me?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
I friendzoned a close friend I regret sleeping with. Is it normal that he tells me about his sex life everytime we talk, without me even asking?
How I can be an administrator of my friends’ WhatsApp group?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
What would you do if you found out that your friend was a sexual molester?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
Should I move on from my crush, a really good friend of mine, who doesn't like me that way now but still gives me hope?
What scary activities can you do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
Should I got to my friends birthday party?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
When insects eat other insects, is it cannibalism?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
We are in a group of 225 friends. What can we sell to each other?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
What is the difference between boy friend and best friend (for girls)?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
Who understands you better, your best friend or your worst enemy?
What do you do if your friend underestimates you?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
Can I date my best friend?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Why do guys always complain about the friend zone?
I have a suicidal friend who lives in a different state with an abusive parent. How can I help them?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How do you force a teacher to let you and your friends stay in the same class?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Why did my best friend ask out my crush?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do sometimes friends become enemies and how should you resolve it?
What's the best way to overcome losing your partner/best friend?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
If my friend was searching the word 'suicide' on Wikipedia, is it okay for her parents to take away all of her social media and her computer?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
Is it wrong to not want to feel special?
Why should we be friends with every race?
If you have a bipolar friend and they’re doing something stupid and dangerous, what do you do?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
If my friend tries to read my text messages is it invasion of privacy?
Do your family and friends typically ignore, or otherwise not support your creative work?
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
Is it okay for an adult to be friends with a minor of the opposite sex? (34 year old man and 13 year old girl)
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
How do you cope with your ex stealing your friends?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How many of you bought graduation dinners for visiting friends?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
What does it feel like when you are neither friend-zoned, nor bro-zoned, nor accepted as a boyfriend?
What is an old friend?
Do people who are in their 20s prefer broad, shallow "friendships" online? Why?
What is the best book I can gift to my 18 year old female friend?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
Should a guy gift a makeup kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
How do stores in the Philippines determine when to staple your bag? One friend would. The other would not. Both are females.
My old BFF, who was my BFF for 6 years, doesn’t want to let me go. Why?
Why do lesbians always want to be friends with their ex-boyfriends?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
If polyamory is not about sex (okay - I get that part), how is that not simply a close friendship?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why is there no Central Perk Cafe from Friends in NYC?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
He hits on me but he acts like his female friend is his girlfriend. He had told me she isn't. What should I do?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Can a boy and a girl be best friends without people mistaking them for being a couple?
If a girl rejected me and​ still brings it up, does she like me?
Is there any way to find out what your friend has called you on Snapchat?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I get more friends in campus?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what else can I do that is cool as smoking but my friends don't do?
How should I feel if my girlfriend puts hearts around her gay friend's name?
What is the secret language for friends?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
Why did my Muslim friend got mad when he accidentally ate bacon?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
I don't seem to meet guys at all. I don't go to bars/clubs because I have friends that have kids already and I don't online date. What to do?
My best friend said that he loves me and when I accepted him he started ignoring me. Is it because he's shy or that he has lost interest in me?
How can I express my feelings to a friend who means a lot to me but I think that he doesn't feel the same way? I'm a guy and am not gay.
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Girls can be the reason for the end of a good friendship between boys. How much truth do you find in this?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
What does it mean if my boyfriend asks me, “Why do you want to come here? I know you want to be with me, but what else do you want out of your life?”
One of my best friend recently visited us for a vacation stay with his family, he kept making fun about everything including me, is this ok?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
How did Kurama and Naruto became friends?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How can you know what friends are following you?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
I asked her out, she said she had a project to do, but then she hung out with her friend. Should I keep on chasing her or move on?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
Why are all my best friends immigrants?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
My friend in need keeps asking for money. What should I do?
How can I tell my longtime female best friend that I caught strong feelings for her?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What are some good farewell wishes to a friend?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What is the best thing your friend(s) have done for you?
How do you have sex with your friend’s sister?
What should I do about my boyfriend’s best friend that keeps trying to break us up?
What does it mean when you’re friends with your ex but he stopped talking to you recently and is giving your best friend high-fives?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My friend is under a lot of pressure lately because of studies and a lot of other things. Her parents are also very strict. How can I cheer her up?
Why does my best friend always puts me down before others even when we have known each other for more than 10 years? How should I react to this?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
Is it wrong as a Muslim to make Jewish friends?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
What are some good quotes about losing a friend to death?
How am I supposed to treat a friend who has admitted to being prejudiced?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
How do I rebalance the relationship with my narcissistic friend?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
What did you feel when your bestfriend got married?
Is it wrong for a boy and a girl who are both in committed relationships and have been best friends for 4 years to have a slow dance together at prom?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How do I treat my girlfriend if she likes someone else? What is the best solution for this?
What is the best way to get far away from power and money-created friends?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
Do girls feel hesitant to come alone with a male best friend?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
Can I be friends with my best friend's enemy?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do I confirm that the girl wants to be just friends?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Why does Quora force me to sign in and then steals my friends list?
Is it possible to stay as good old friends, even after one has proposed to another, and it was not accepted since the girl saw him only as her friend?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
What can I do about life? I’m 24 and have no friends or family. All I do is work, then go home.
When does a girlfriend agree to have sex?
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
What are some free activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
Should you still stay with your boyfriend if he creeps your best friend behind your back?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
I have no friends or relatives left. Is my life worthwhile?
What are some crazy things you can do at a friends pool party?
Tomorrow will be my 22nd birthday and I have achieved nothing. I failed my job, my family, my friends, even myself. I just bought a knife. Should I use it?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What is love, is it friendship?
My best friend and crush can't/won't get along, what should I do?
There is a girl who loves me but presently I don't have any such feelings for her but I want her to stay as my good friend. Should I go away from her?
How can I still hang with my drinking family and friends when I've decided to quit drinking?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Do true friends really exist?
Is it okay if we become close to someone else (opposite sex) while in a relationship but just as a friend?
Can two people who were best friends and then dated and then broke up ever be best friends again?
I don't want relationships or friendships, am I depressed or is this normal?
How do I know my guy best friend is falling for me again?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
How would you react if your crush became the best friend of your best friend?
My best friends abandoned me and since then I've had this fear going alone anywhere. This is new. Have my ex-friends caused some psychological damage?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Her friends call us cute together. What do I do?
Is it possible for me to convert a Jehovah's Witness, who used to be my friend, but now denies our friendship due to his faith/family?
How do you the describe the relationship of when a student becomes friends with a teacher after graduation?
Who has the most personal friends in the world?
What can I do to support two friends recently diagnosed with cancer (one ovarian, one colon)? I don't live in the same state as either.
What is one thing you love about your friend?
What are some poems about betrayal in a friendship?
I think my friend has BPD and she is starting to get very clingy and I'm feeling repelled by this. How should I deal with it?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
If you had an opportunity to date the ex of your best friend and you wanted to, should you ask for your best friend's permission?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
Which one should I consider as a good friend, the USA or Russia?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
How do I make my girl friend rich?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
How can I make my best friend happy?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
How do I keep in touch with everyone?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
My best friend and I are drifting apart, what should I do?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
How do I find good friends via social media?
Have you left your childhood friend? What was the reason?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is 'Khwahish' similar to 'Chahat'?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
Why don’t I get a girlfriend? I have lots of girls as friends but not for going out.
What is the feeling of breaking up with a friend?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
How can I never run out of things to talk about with my friends?
How do German people make friends with foreigners?
How do you tell your best friend you like him without ruining your friendship because he's gay?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
Will my feelings for my best friend go away with time?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
How do I open up more to family and friends?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How should one go about healing a dying, long-distance friendship?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
I bought my best friend a $25 gift card from bath and body works for her 20th birthday. Do you think this was a good gift?
Why do people want to be my friend?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
I have a crush on a friend who obviously likes me. I'm a teenager. What's the next step?
How can you tell if your girlfriend is sleeping with your friend?
Is it OK for a rape survivor to make rape jokes? He says it helps him own the situation, but female friends have complained.
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
How can I repay my friend for her generosity when I have nothing worthwhile to give?
How do I forget about my best friend who's leaving me?
How do I write a farewell message to a friend?
How can I use my friend’s account without her knowledge?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
How do I prevent a person seeing my post in Facebook who is not a friend to me?
I see many people as friends and I think none of them see me the same way. How can I know if the feelings are mutual?
How do I settle a fight with my female best friend?
What should I do if my friend in a Quora question lied about my (and his) socio-economic status and made me seem evil, cruel, prejudice, and elitist?
How can you sneak up with your friends?
How do I tell my friends and family that I like boys and girls?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
How would I go about telling a close friend I like her?
Do you have any real life friends on Quora?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Why do my friends on Facebook like others’ posts, but not mine?
Is it normal to be uncomfortable after you had been vulnerable with someone else? Is it normal to fear the person might think differently of you? What now?
Are men who can't handle being friends immediately after a rejection emotionally weak and immature?
Why do I feel so guilty for pretending to date my best friend?
How do I make friends in New York as a teenager over the summer?
Can you find out if a friend is messaging and talking on an iPhone with a certain person without him knowing?
I’m 18 years old and live with my best friend and his baby. Am I missing out on certain things in life?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Do family members count as friends?
Is it normal or strange that a 30-something woman wants to become good friends and hang out with a 14-year-old girl?
A guy rejected me a year ago. I still am interested. Could I take him cookies to test the waters and at least try to rebuild a friendship?
Do you think it's weird that I don't enjoy chit-chatting, especially in groups?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
What is the best advice for someone who is constantly bothered by her boyfriend's female friends?
Do you have to have reasons to keep being friends with someone?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
How do I not be friends with someone that I don't want to be friends with?
This guy was telling me and my friend a story but he mostly looked at her and only glanced at me for a few seconds. Does he like my friend?
How should I tackle my friend’s irritating words?
Are people who only contact you because they need something from you (e.g., car repair, handyman services, money) considered friends?
Why do students try to be friends with teachers?
How do you forgive a friend who isn’t willing to accept her mistakes?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
How do you see your friend's location on Messenger with the red dot?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
My sister’s friend has started to tell everyone at my school that she is a bitch and everyone believes her. What do I do?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
I want to make guy friends. How do I go about this?
What if your roommates aren't your friends?
How can I get a Korean friend in Bangalore?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
Why are Brazilians so stereotypically happy/friendly?
How should I tell my stepson and his friend to move out from my house?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do you develop a close knit friendship with someone who seems distant?
Is it wrong to talk to a girl before the first date, does it necessarily lead to getting into the friend zone?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How do you cope with losing a friend?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
How do I tell my parents that my friend is gender non-binary? We're going on a trip this summer and I need to tell them soon.
My boyfriend's best friend passed away recently. How should I advice or console him?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
If you are friends with your ex, does that mean your love was never real?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
Why is my best friend acting shy around me lately?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Would a narcissistic sociopath tell you openly about their condition to garner sympathy and leniency in a friendship?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
Why do people end up their friendship after getting apart for no reason?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What should I buy for my best friend's birthday?
How can I politely explain to a close friend that her stories and replies to questions are agonizingly long/wordy?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
How do I stop resenting my best friend after the largest fight we've ever had? And why am I resenting her?
How can I forge a girlfriend?
Is it fair for me to ask my girlfriend to cut off contact with her former friend with benefits/casual companion?
Have you heard a voice from a deceased relative or friend?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
What do I do when I am talking to my friends and someone I do not know walks into the conversation?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
My friend is occasionally dishonest with me, do I (eventually) confront him, or do I just try to disregard this behavior?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
How does one make real new friends from the UK?
What should I do to a friend who is judgmental towards me?
How do you know if someone friended you on Snapchat?
Is it really worth worrying what your teachers, classmates, friends, parents and generally everybody around you think of you?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
What was the last conversation you had with your girlfriend?
Who do you choose to be your friend?
The girlfriend of a friend of mine is turning him against some of our other friends. How should I act to make him see things as they are?
What do I do when I notice that I don't really like any of my friends?
A long distance friend, (who is like a brother) and I have feelings for each other. But he is in love with another girl, and seems cold. What to do?
What’s the best thing about 12th class friends?
Why are inmates not allowed to face or wave at a friend/family when it's their turn to come into court?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
Why do people say they want a "gay best friend" but nobody says they want a "lesbian best friend"?
I have to make a fantasy episode with 2 other friends and it's due in two days. What can we do?
Is accidentally falling in love with a person whom you see as potential a friend wrong?
How can I find out who's looking at my Facebook account that's not on my friend list?
I proposed to my female best friend on WhatsApp. She politely rejected but requested me to stay in touch and stay as her bff. What should I do?
Why do I feel bad upon seeing my boyfriend joking around with his friends?
Why doesn't my friend want to talk about her feelings?
How can I add all my friends to my closed face-book group without getting blocked?
Why do my friends leave me out during school?
Have you ever felt the urge to kiss someone who's just a friend?
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
What goes through a woman's mind when she decides to turn a platonic friendship into a sexual one?
What should I charge friends and family for my artwork?
What would make an ISFJ detach from a friendship?
Why do my grade 7 friends always try to humiliate me?
Can a male/boy and a female/girl be best friend?
How often do you stalk your friends?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
What is the best memory of a deep conversation with a friend?
What is the best way to get back at a friend who scammed you?
Is it worth it to invest time in a friendship?
How should I respond to friends who unnecessarily make fun of me, tease me, and irritate me?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Does friendship happen at workplace?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
From an Islamic perspective, why is it bad for an unmarried woman to go inside a car with a guy even if they're just friends?
I deleted a pic of a good friend last year accidentally, how do I get it back?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
Why do some teens fake depression to get friends? Do they not realize that they are actually doing the opposite of gaining friendships?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
Do you get surprised or disappointed when a friend or family member lets you down?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do we get angered by our parents more easily than by our friends?
Why would your friend use your enemy against you?
How can we compare our self with our best friend?
How do I make my friend love himself?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
You're famous and are doing well, and your ex-friend tries to pull you down. How do you handle such a situation?
How would you end this "best" friendship?
Are there some methods to make friends with foreign people?
A female friend of mine has a boyfriend, but she has told me many times that she would love to have me as a boyfriend. I don't feel the same for her. What should I do?
Which gift will be suitable for a best friend?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
What trick do you use to make friends with other people when you are first meeting?
Why is my deactivated Facebook account still visible to the public and on my old friends’ 'friends lists'?
How do you manage to be friends with a girl whom you dated few days back?
My girlfriend is jealous of my female best friend. What should I do?
Why does my husband remain quiet when we are together and then when he sees a neighbour or friend he talks like there is no tomorrow?
How could I forget that my friend called me a liar when she herself was lying and I knew it? It is pinching me like hell.
Is it bad to like two best friends?
What are the ways to avoid expectations from our close friends?
What do you do on weekends when you are in a different state and you do not really have friends or someone to hangout with?
Sometimes, I feel disconnected from my family, friends and even school, why is that? What do I do?
Why do men lose interest in women (be it in friendships or relationships) after a few months and then get a replacement?
Is it good being emotionally attached to someone for whom you are just a friend?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
What does it mean when somebody (my female friend) just randomly stops talking to you? She is still active on Facebook and Snapchat and we have had no falling out or anything. We were fine, but she just randomly stopped replying to my text messages. What does it mean?
What are some food Valentine verses for friends?
I need a real friend I can build my world with, can I find one?
Can children and their parents be good friends?
What is the difference between being great friends and being in a relationship?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
A friend isn't listening to me. What can I do?
I need to talk to a friend, but she never answers. Should I simply tell her that I need to talk to someone?
Me and this girl are close friends but we just started drifting and talking to each other less. What does it mean?
What can I do now that my circle of friends no longer respect or value me?
My friend texted my crush. How do I fix this?
How do I feel comfortable with my boyfriend's new female friend?
What's it like to go through 12 years of always hearing the fun times your friends had over the weekend and they never think to ask you?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
A friend asked me to design her wedding invitation. Could I get away with not spending that much on a wedding gift?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
How can I spend my time in summer holiday alone (I don't have friends)?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
How would it make you feel when your friend tells you he/she lost complete trust in you?
What's the best way for someone with bad social anxiety to make friends?
What do I say if I got asked in 8th grade to be “friends with benefits” with someone?
What would you do if you face off against your best friend on the opposing side of a battle?
What is the best gift you can give your guy friend if you got $50?
What is the letter format to ask for money for friends’ wedding gifts?
What can I do if my older brother behaves inappropriately with my female friends?
How can I read my friend’s WhatsApp?
My girlfriend tells me a secret about her friend and I tell them when I meet them. I promise her I'll stop, but it keeps happening. What do I do?
Are there any girls here looking for a friend or relationship?
How can I get notifications about a person of what he posts or what his friends post on his timeline who is not in my friend list in Facebook?
Do you think that there are true friends?
Why is there hatred for friendship in me?
Should I leave one of my best friends?
What are some things that my friends and I can talk about?
Can one continue to be a best friend to someone who you were sexually active with?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Should you have friends whom you don't have anything in common with or someone that you can't relate to on any level?
How does one keep in touch or get in touch with highschool friends?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
How can I see my chats with friends and family on my PC?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Does my best friend want to be with me?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
I have difficulty in developing introductory friendships into more established friendships. What might I be doing wrong socially?
What are some boring stuff you can do with your friends?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
The real growth happens outside of class. Why don't more people do athletics, attend parties, and make friends?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
(Teen girl) I don't like any of my friends and have no real attachment to them. What's wrong? Do I do anything?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
Do guys like to masturbate with male friends?
What does it mean when a guy asks you to follow his friend (who's a girl) but they don't follow each other and she looks like a model?
What do your parents say when you say you have beat a friend?
How can I develop something to offer in a relationship or friendship?
Why would a “friend” make catty comments about your appearance?
Is evangelising to your friends "out of nowhere" a good idea?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
Even at the school level I have failed to make good friends. What am I doing wrong?
What is the weird thing you do in a video game that none of your friends do?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
When distance increases, why does the calling frequency reduce between friends?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
How long does it take to adjust to a PhD life assuming you don't have any friends or romantic interests from the past going to the same place?
A girl whom I like has been a good friend of mine and I have always helped her a lot. She has a boyfriend. How can I forget her completely?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How can I find my old conversation message with a friend on messenger on the desktop?
How can I prove to my friend that products such as bio-disks and energy pendants are fake?
What should I do about the fact that my "friends" at school don't really like me because I forced myself into their circle?
Anderson Paak is coming to perform in South Africa. I really want to watch him but my friends don't like his music. Who must I ask to go with me?
What is the difference between a girl being interested in you vs being friendly?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.g. that I texted his friend that I like him? It was after the breakup.
What do I do if one of my friends keeps saying she wants to kill herself?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
What should I do with friends I lost during my lifetime?
What does it mean, when somebody says we don't vibe even as friends and also has preconceived thoughts about it?
I'm being rezoned to another school, which will cause me to not see my friends again. What should I do?
Is it possible to become friends after a breakup if the relationship ended because of external causes and in good terms?
How strange is it to feel more connected to a friend than your significant other yet you still want to be with your significant other?
Why does the exchange of trust with another person feel so profound?
Why would a man lie to his friends about who asked for your divorce?
How can I comfort my 86-year-old father and convince him that he won't visit his friend, who has just passed away?
How can I get taller? My parents are not that short and I'm 16. All my friends are younger than me and they are like Hulk next to me.
What's more important, going to work to work, or going to work to make friends?
A friend complained about spending $50 on a medical bill. I spend $500 every fortnight. I want to say “suck it up princess.” What should I say?
Does a break up between two friends hurt more than a break up between a romantically engaged couple?
I see my friends so excited about drinking and all. I am not at all interested in it. That's why sometimes I feel left out. Am I wrong?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
What is the difference between being in a relationship and being just friends?
What is it like to have a best friend that feels practically like your soul mate?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do you get over close friends who betrayed and hurt you too much, but just let you off easily?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Can a girl become your best friend forever?
How do you deal with loneliness and depression on a daily basis when you live alone and all your friends have moved away?
Do you have a friend or family member who supports Trump? How do you get along?
What should I do for my friend who has family issues?
What is the best possible way to put a smile on your best friend’s face?
Is it reasonable to stop befriending a person who has a deaf ear to music?
When did your trustworthy friend break his/her trust, and why?
How do I find if a friend has passed away?
What is an appropriate line for a best friend who can’t be a Facebook friend?
Could my friend secretly feed me chemicals in my food to damage my educational abilities?
What is your favourite type of ice cream?
Does anyone ask a friend for help to get a suitable job?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
How do I make friends in my college and know who of them are the best for me?
Is going to the movies with friends no longer enjoyable after high school?
I have been rejected by 3 girls, but some of my friends (who are girls) told me that I look good. I am confused. What should I do?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What should I do if I love my best friend who is the same gender as me? She is my soulmate.
How would you talk again to your ex bestfriend of 7 years after 2 years of no contact and deletion from social media?
What are the best ways to get the attention of a guy on a social network without having to be friends with him?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
My crush is into my best friend. What should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How do I get my dad to trust my friend?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How many females got into a relationship or physical involvement with a long time best or good close male friend and felt you can't trust him?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
How can I stop over respecting people? I am too nice, yet I have no friends.
Did Facebook abuse the word "friends"?
Why do I get so jealous when my girlfriend spends time with male friends?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
If you have nobody in your life you care about, no friends or family, is there a purpose to living?
How do I make female friends while in a mechanical department?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
Can any one have a crush on your friend’s girl friend?
A friend is male transgender on treatment in a serious relationship with a female. He still has his tackle. What happens during a close encounter?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have a friend who constantly tries to involve herself in problems that aren't hers. Is there something wrong with her?
Why do girls friendzone nice guy best friends and settle for a nice husband?
A guy and I know that we like each other. He is going with another girl to prom as a friend. He invited me to an after-party. Do I go?
What does it mean when he doesn't want a relationship, and at the same you are not exactly a friend? Why is that?
Should I make her my ex or make her my friend?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Is it impossible to get a lot of friends on Facebook?
Who are your best friends in college?
What should I do if I told my crush I liked her, but she said she just wanted to be good friends? Now I think she likes me, but she obviously won't say anything because she already said no.
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Why does every friend group have a weird outcast, like Zoidberg from Futurama?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Is it legal if I got a paid template from my friend?
What should I do when I can't empathize with my friends?
Who was the most loyal friend in Seinfeld?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What is the point of making friends if I will only have 1 or 2 when I get old?
Am I weird if I find it utterly annoying to learn the rules of a board game?
What would happen if your friends almost fell off a building?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Where can I find friendly women to talk to on the internet or on ground level?
How do I destroy my backstabbing ex friend's reputation?
What is meant by "you have a friend suggestion”?
How do married friends date?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
I love my friend, but he is judgmental. Is there a point in keeping the friendship?
What is the best strategy to get out of friend zone and make her fall in love with me instead?
How can I tell when one of my friends is online with WhatsApp?
My best friend moved away a year ago. I miss him every day and have a deep loneliness feeling occasionally. How can I feel better?
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
What if you like a boy/girl and they like you back, as in more than friends, but they friend zone you?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How do I tell a friend, who wants something more, that I don't like him without hurting his feelings?
Should I play with my friend's children?
My friend got her hijab pulled by a group of boys and they physically hurt her. She doesn't say who they are out of fear. How can I help her?
Is it ok to send a friend flowers for Mother’s Day?
How do I tell my friend that I have a crush on the girl that her ex-girlfriend cheated on her with?
What songs should a friend-zoned guy listen to?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
Are Hyderabad girls ok with friends with benefits?
If your most beloved friend is getting away from you, how will one handle that situation?
What does it mean when a guy that isn't dating you puts his arm on you, smiles at you sweetly and says you're incredible but you're dating his best friend?
How do I behave normally and confidently, while interacting with people (especially friends)?
How do I make money with friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
Female friend is talking about leaving her ex, feeling some romantic interest, should I start thinking of her as more than a friend?
Why do my friends become gloomy around me?
Can this be seen as something other than a "soft no"?
I fell in love with my best friend. We broke up but we're still best friends. What does this mean?
How can I revive a relationship with a friend?
What fun games can you do with your friends during a road trip?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
I'm 18 and have neither skills nor friends, I'm ugly as hell and dumb compared to others. I want to die, is there any reason to continue living?
Is there ever such a thing as fixing broken friendships?
What should I do to have more Finnish friends?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
How can I control my jealousy of my boyfriend?
What is the best European destination for summer with friends (age 26) after a hard year of work?
How did you react when your friend had plastic surgery, or how would you react?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
A recruiter reached out to me for a job at Cisco, and I have close friends who have close friends/relatives who work there. Should I reference them?
Why some guys find it easy to move on whereas some guys despite being rejected never lose hope and keep pursuing for the same girl?
How does one respond to a close friend liking them as more than a friend after a good 3 years of friendship?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
How can one find a friends with benefits kind of girl in Gurgaon?
What do I do if my ex-best friend and her brother are harassing me?
How do I choose frien?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Why do girls feel the need to protect me?
What do you do when you love your best friend, but she won’t take you as her boyfriend?
My friend is going through detox, why is she swollen?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
How does it feel to be nobody's special friend?
What are some good quotes about betrayal in friendship?
What is it like to have friends and a happy perfect life?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
How do I make friends at college summer camps and how do I keep them to keep hanging out after camp is over? (I don't have friends at my school)
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
How can we make friends with amateur hackers so that we can develop our network hacking skills?(any website / anonymous website)
How should one get over the feeling of failed love or the "friend zone"?
Why is it that French women mistake my niceness for docility and often cross the line? For example, they ask me big favors without us being friends. I am Latina.
How would you react if your crush become best friend of your best friend?
How do I console a friend who got a bad result?
How do my friends get lots of followers on Instagram?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
A girl I'm friends with keeps getting distant when we get close again and she knows I like her. What's the deal?
What are some good quotes about having no friends?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How can I see my friend online on Instagram?
How do you ask out a girl who has a lot of guy friends?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
Where can I find a friend with benefits?
I have a friend who always gets jealous if I hang out with other friends without her. What should I do?
How do you politely tell an interfering friend to back off a little?
What is the name of writing uplifting and inspirational texts about friends?
How do I cut out an ex friend from my life?
What do I do with a one sided friendship?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can I fix the fact that I slept with my best friend’s boyfriend?
If your best friend had a health scare & told you & then left you in the dark for 2 days while you freaked out & worried, would your feelings be hurt?
I’m in my early 30s, have no close friends, live at home, have no job (I do get EI support), and have no boyfriend. How do I get a life again?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
My ex-friend said very homophobic things, and now that I'm calling her out on it, she's telling everyone I'm lying. What should I do?
Do you need to be friends first to ask your crush on a date?
Why should we value our adult children more than we value our oldest, best friends?
Could you become my friend?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Have you ever met any of your Internet friends? What was it like?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
How do I treat friends who talk to you only in times of need?
A friend (girl) got back in one sub, and I went to meet her but she refused to meet me, and we are both not texting each other since that day. What should I do?
How do I move on from having a serious crush on my best friend and if you aren't friends anymore because you had a serious fight?
Why is it that when I'm with my guy friends I'm cool but whenever I'm with my crush I get light headed and nervous?
By what name have you saved your friend's number?
What should you do when a close friend or partner says something mean with the intent of hurting you?
How would you feel if you lose a friend forever? And how would you overcome it?
I'm sad, my crush now started liking my best friend, how do you handle that?
Is it okay to ask my German friends to bring some cutlery for a lunch party?
Are there any personal Q&A apps where you can ask your friends?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
Would ISTP lose interest and be distant after being told that I just want to be good friends?
How did Tom & Ed get to know/become friends?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What is your role if your closest friend repeatedly speaks of dying soon because he is tired of life?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
Are Dubya and the Obamas friends in real life?
How do I handle a friend who always tries to compete with me in anything? Should I stay away from her?
Where do I find good people to be friends with when I do not go out anywhere or have any friends to hang out with?
Why don't I feel happy for a friend who has a girlfriend?
Why do a lot of women refer to their female friends as girlfriends, but men rarely refer to their male friends as boyfriends?
What stuff can you do with your friends at night?
How do you deal with a friend recovering from a cancer operation?
If a friend shoplifted something and I unknowingly bought it off him, am I at any fault?
Where can I give a party for friends in Hyderabad at an affordable cost?
What can be done to cope with friends forgetting about you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
What is your opinion on documenting your friends?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
Do you know why your friendship came to an end?
What would you do if you were forced to be friends with someone who is the most illogical and arrogant person ever?
Have you ever questioned all the choices you've made so far (studies, habits, friends) and finally started all over doing what really makes you happy?
When Harvard freshmen mass-friend people in the beginning, do they mostly friend other Harvard freshmen, or do they also mass-friend upperclassmen?
What is the etiquette of bringing a known HIV-undetectable friend to a potential orgy?
Where can I befriend high achievers?
Have you ever lied to your best friend and still not got caught?
What is the reason why people become friends with certain people?
Why do I savour and relish watching Happy Three Friends?
My friends and I were discussing the best weapon from World War II. What is your opinion?
Is it cowardly that all my friends on my school trip tried cigarettes and I didn't?
Is it gay to sleep over at a friend’s house at 20 years old?
A friend of mine will be transferred to a "boot camp" treatment facility soon. A relative of mine runs one of the programs. How do I tell her?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
How do I make friends as the new kid?
How does one deal with being jealous of a friend?
What’s the worst thing you have done to your best friend?
If you could choose one world leader to be your best friend, which one would you choose?
What should you say in your first chat with an unknown friend on Facebook if she is online?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
A friend of mine was travelling from Australia at 11 AM local time. As soon as they took off, it went dark outside the airplane. How?
Why don’t people take a stand for their friend when their boyfriend comes into play?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
Can love and friendship never coexist? Does it always have to be one of the two?
What would guys think and feel if their friend (a girl) who they have known for 4 yrs hugged them unexpectedly? She's never done that before.
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
Would you mind if I chat with you?
Are we both lesbians if I kiss my female friend on the lips passionately?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
What is the most foolish thing to do and still appear cool in front of your family and friends?
How do you know if your friends are taking advantage of you?
In a call to my friend, if he turns the loudspeaker on, why am I not able to hear my voice coming out from it?
What does it mean when your crush tells his friend you look good?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
How hard is it to actually make and keep friends in your life?
There's this boy in my class. He teases me and stares at me a lot. My best friend likes him. What should I do and does he like me?
My cousin sister trusts her friends more than her family.What should I do to make her realize that family comes first?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
How many friends do you have, and do you think all of them are your true friends?
What type of relationship do you and your bestfriend share?
How can a teenage INTJ (specifically female) find friends?
How do I tell my friend I like her subtly?
Should my girlfriend allow me to go for a trip with two of my girl best friends?
Do you believe that mirror is a woman's best friend?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What are the symbols representing friendship?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
How do you make a guy friend like you?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
Am I right to criticise my friend for the way she emailed a teacher for help?
I am 17. I want to travel to Korea with friends. Should I live a little and do it, or be stuck here under the expectations of my family?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
I’m a 19 year old with no friends. What do I do?
Do you enjoy mutual admiration societies? Why or why not?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
This week I'm going to ask a friend out. I'm pretty nervous. What are some helpful tips?
If your best friend was here, what advice would he give you?
How can we make friends if we are lonely in our early or mid-20’s and 30’s?
Why does my friend's boyfriend seem so nice but is abusive?
If a guy posts a picture of a girl on Instagram as if she’s his girlfriend but tells his grandma that they’re just friends, is the couple actually dating or are they really just friends?
How do I recover an old friend?
If your partner’s friend had an abortion, what would you think of her?
How would you respond if a person of your gender reaches out to you on Quora to be a friend of yours (subtly)?
Does it get easier to make friends as you grow older?
She won’t give me her Facebook password. She says that she doesn't want to break the privacy and trust of her best male friend. What should I do?
According to you, the maraudeurs had others friends outside their little group or they were always together?
How do you put a friendship back together?
How can I deal with a friend who won’t try anything new?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
How do you move on after your boyfriend cheats on you with your best friend?
What is the greatest sacrifice you have made for friends?
If I created a designer baby with god-like genetics (210+ adult IQ, GQ-ified Nietzschean Ubermensch), would he have any real companions or a wife?
Is it bad that I (a female) do not have that many female friends?
What happens to your friends at school?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
My friend didn't refer me and now he wants me to refer him. How should I approach?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
How do I support a friend who self-harms?
How do I tell a married lady colleague (and close friend) that I'm attracted to her beyond mere friendship, that I'd like to take her on a date?
I have a gay friend who has a gay partner. The problem is that I just found out that my friend have never met him before in real life. What can I do?
How can I find a lady friend in Chandigarh?
What can I do about a friend who cries even when she gets a good grade on an exam?
How do I end or leave a bad friendship?
How do you know when to read between the lines and not to?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
All of my Facebook friends are unfriending me. Why is this happening?
Is it fair for me to ask my partner to cut off contact with her former casual hook-up/friend with benefits?
How do you react when your best friend abuses your mother weirdly?
What's the difference between a best close friend and a girlfriend?
What are some good ways to help your teen make friends outside of school?
I'm good at coping with stuff, but my friend isn't (even if it's about something small). How can I help her cope?
Can you be lovers and friends?
My friend passed away a few weeks ago, and my other friend told me he deserved it. Should I still be friends with her?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do you feel now, after starting from scratch overseas?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How do I become friendly with my student in private tuition?
How can I find a friend in Kherson?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
What are some unique things you can do at a park with your friends?
How do I make friends with American girls?
Is it wrong of me to not want to talk to my friend?
Why do you like your friends?
How can I get a friend in the UK?
How can I get my Facebook friend number without asking him?
How Israel has been such an indispensable friend for India, even in times of betrayal by major powers?
What should I do now when the guy I liked (and he too was interested), his best friend proposed to me?
What makes someone a real friend?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
I'm jealous of my best friend for having fun with others, because we always do everything together. How do I get over this feeling?
How do I forget my best friend?
How do you know if a woman likes a guy as more than a friend?
Can my friend and I both choose the same post in the same city?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Has anyone made a friendship on Facebook and eventually gotten laid sooner in Mumbai?
I am walking with my friend, we are close but rarely talk. What should I do?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How do I add followers rather than friends on Facebook?
Why can't I keep friends?
I'm developing feelings for my friend but I'm super lame, and clumsy. Should I change myself and wait?
Why do really close friends suddenly fade out of your life when you have been a good friend?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
Did you get life-long friends in nursing school?
How do enemies become friends?
What are some cheap activities you can do in Portland, Oregon with your friends?
How could my friend avoid the effects of MDMA?
After ignoring me for a long time, my friend just told me that he doesn't feel like talking to me anymore and also that I'm a sober person. Should I break my friendship with him?
Could not saying goodbye the customary way (hug and bye kiss), activated my friend’s fear of abandonment? She has strong traits of BPD.
Why can't my friends accept that I aim for higher grades?
Why am I left out?
Should I be in a relationship with my friend/roommate’s ex?
How can I make friends with smarter people at the university?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I study because I'm jealous of how good my friends are doing in school academically, is this motivation bad?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
If I lend a friend money to buy a motorcycle, am I responsible for his safety? Can his parents sue me if he gets injured?
My friends are ignoring me since I got into a relationship, what should I do?
How does Gordon Miller tackle relatives and friends who ask for money often?
Is there any harm on sharing secrets to someone you have just been friends with?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
Should I be friends with my friend's boyfriend if I used to be before they started dating?
How can I learn to let people in again?
I have this crush on someone, but he has this (girl) friend who keep tagging along which irritates me so much. How to handle this?
So my girlfriend has her group of friends with one boy in it who is really flirty with her. What do I do?
One of our friends does not offer to host family get-togethers even though they come to all of them. This makes me angry. How do I tell them?
Does friendship nowadays last a lifetime?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
How can I find emotional intimacy online (platonic)?
Can you make a painting for your ex if you are still friends?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
I've been asked to be a best man at my friends wedding, what do I have to do?
Should I tell my crush's friends that I like her (my crush)?
Why do Scientologists disconnect from family and friends?
A friend of mine has planted poppies and is curious how heroin is extracted from them. Does anyone in the Quora network know how it's done?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
Why did I lose some friends just because I said that I fully support Donald Trump and all of his stances?
"If your friend’s opinions are different from yours, deal with it." What is the meaning of "deal with it" in this sentence?
I'm American and I'm looking to make friends on Facebook who live in Ireland. How do I go about doing this?
Have you ever had a falling-out with a best friend?
I had a fight with a friend whom I like. We said some unpleasent things to each other. I want to apologise but she wouldn't talk to me. What can I do?
How do I get a friend into computer technology? I have a great person to teach and need someone to help.
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
My GF had a sex fling with a friend of ours a month before we were official, she tried to hide it and they are still friends. How do I get over it?
If you were immortal, would there be a certain time in your future where you would forget your early life, such as your friends and family?
How many times have you watched the complete series of F.R.I E.N.D.S.?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
How do you get rid of a clingy annoying friend?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
What gift should I give to my friends who are moving in to a new house?
Have you ever wished very badly that somebody (who is not a celebrity) was your one of your friends​ or family? Why?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Why do my friends get sick of me so easily?
Why did my Sagittarius friend tell me to leave her the fuck alone? She won't tell me what I did wrong.
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Am I a bad friend for not shaving my head?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop a friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to be his girlfriend? He says he doesn't love her.
What is the best way to gain real friends in a new country?
How do you deal with friends who judge you and give unsolicited advice?
Why did my crush get mad about his friends teasing me?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
How do I help a friend who is anxious about leaving her parents?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
How do I know if my friend is using WhatsApp Plus, and is hiding his visibility?
How do I become friends with Dylan MacIntyre?
My friend who lives across the country is in a situation where he may be thrown away from his family. How can I help?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all the details about my previous relationship? E.x. I texted his friend that I like him (it was after the breakup)?
What should I do as I am addicted to talking to a boy who is just a friend, but I feel sick when he doesn't reply to me and when he ignores me?
After 8 years I found my so-called Hindu friend a backbiter, self-sabotaging, and harmful for me. What will I do?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
One of my friends has had a recurring drug problem and his parents won't do anything about it. What is the best course of action to take?
How do I break a friendship with someone negative without confrontation?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Why have I start thinking I'm lonely after I got friend-zoned?
Why is it so hard to tell close friends and partners about things we struggle with?
Why do all my friends make fun of me for being Blasian and listening to K-pop?
How do you politely tell someone that you don't want to be friends with them anymore without sounding rude?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
I want to start a fight between my two best friends. How can I do that without incriminating myself in the process? They were being jerks to me.
Should I hang out with a friend while we don't have any mutual friends?
Would you provide a place to sleep for a rapist, if it were a frigid night and if they were homeless?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
I'm in love with my best friend and I have no clue how she feels towards me. Should I tell her or try to forget my feelings?
Are you more attracted to friends or strangers?
Everyone gives tips for success. What about success and friendship?
I just failed my Kangaroo maths competition. All of my other friends got in the top 40% and above. I feel bad. How can I cope with this feeling?
Are friends more important than money?
What kinds of people make the best type of friends?
How can I find a good girl online who can be my friend?
Can we find out how long a particular person has been a part of a Facebook group even if he or she is not on your friends list?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Should I tell my future boyfriend all details about my previous relationship, e.x. I texted his best friend I like him (it was after the breakup)?
How do I surround myself with people who're smarter than me? How do I find such friends or an environment?
Is it okay to go on a trio trip with a very good guy friend and his girlfriend (who is also a friend), and stay in the same room? But there's a catch!
Why is Chinese friendship (meaning from their governing body) as fake as their products?
When you introduce your friend to another friend, they become closer and you are ignored. What should be your reaction?
Are Luka Modric and Kroos friends?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
What does it mean when my best guy friend got upset when I said he was like a brother to me?
How do I deal with flirty boy with whom you want to be in friendship?
How I can make friends from Australia aside from Facebook?
There’s this guy in my class. He keeps on staring at me and teases me in a nice way. My best friend likes him. What should I do?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
Why are some people trying to buy friends?
Me and my friend in class are punching each other and bullying each other. Why do we call each other friends? Why do we keep up with each other?
Is there something wrong with me if I miss an emotionally abusive friend?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
What are some hints to take care of while inviting 10 German friends for a lunch party?
How do I reconnect with my ex? We've broken up since 8 years and we're both married. I just want to be friends with her. Would she mind?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
My friend and I want to add each other back on Snapchat. She doesn't have me blocked anymore, but it still isn't letting me add her back. Why?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
Have you ever been in a situation where you got attracted to your boyfriend's best friend more than your guy?
I've moved many times in high school and I have no friends. How do I develop a likable personality and find lifelong friends for my college next year?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
What are some stories about one not having any friends in his teen years?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
How do you deal with friends who constantly use the guilt trip on you?
What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
How do I diplomatically advise my friend to change her double-faced nature?
How do people get rid of fake friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
What should you do if you are getting the feeling someone in your life is taking how much you care about them for granted?
How can I convince my strict parents to let me go out by myself with my friends for a few days?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
What is our relationship with my best guy friend?
How can I help a stressed friend talk to me again?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
Why is it so hard for certain people to make friends no matter how attractive, social, friendly or outgoing they are?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
She friendzoned me after a healthy relationship, just because her mom asked her for a promise that she'll be just friends with me. What can I do?
Who is your most valued friend, what memories have you made together, how special is she/he?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
Why can't Facebook allow more than 5000 friends?
What would be your final straw, on an otherwise unbreakable friendship?
I recently cut my best friend out of my life, but now she's having family issues and I feel like I abandoned her. Should I bring her back into my life?
Is it okay that my girlfriend and I broke up, but we chose to remain best friends?
Why has my good female friend's behavior changed a lot towards me? She is behaving completely differently but is playful with all of the males.
What do I do when I'm not friends with one person in my friend group?
How do I convince my mom to let me spend the night at my friend’s house?
My friend won't answer my texts or calls, and his friend told me that he didn't like me anymore. What's happening to us?
My best friend's bf is living in another country. They have not been seeing each other for 9 months. Are there any signs that he can cheat?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
Im spend most of my time alone on the internet until this sudden wakeup call, all my friends play sports, one has a girlfriend, how do I fit in?
How do I know that a friend is using his proper name and surname?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
Should I significantly decrease contact with a negative friend?
What should I do? I have this gut feeling that the time with one of my friends will be cut short.
How do I make new close friends?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
How can I add a Facebook close friend and family list as a shortcut?
How can Facebook ruin good friendships?
I lack “good friends.” What should I do?
Why did my Capricorn friend who likes me stop talking to me?
My best friend's dad died at an early age. How could he and his family come and settle in Canada from India?
Why do I love my friend so much?
How can I get more happy without friends?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
What can I do to impress my boyfriend’s friends when I meet them, in India?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What would happen to someone if they never went to a friend’s house or never had friends over and never spent time with anyone outside of school?
If a friend of 8 months starts on your beliefs and tries turning mutual friends against you what should you do?
It is necessary to tell my new boyfriend about my ex?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How do I break friendship with aggressive people?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
I don’t have many friends. Does this make me a toxic person? Or, am I just sensitive to the toxicity of others?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
My male Indian friend had a strand of flowers above his dorm bed. He claimed he didn't know why his friends put it there. What does it mean?
Why do guys keep tabs on girls through her friends, telling them what to say and ask?
How does the high school where you go differ from your friends’ schools?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
How do I help a friend who has lost an eye?
How do you let your classmate be friendly with you?
Can my friend go for CET counselling if she failed in Kannada?
Can you ever be friends with your mother-in-law?
What’s the best thing about 10th class friends?
If a guy stares at you in school for over a year, talks about you with his friends, and knows about your family and where you live, is it harassment?
How do I find out who my girlfriend is chatting with on Facebook?
What do you call it when a friend gets angry with you for not knowing how to help her, so you ask? She is angry with me for asking. I can't read minds.
How do you deal with friends that make you feel like you're walking on eggshells?
After two years of living in Toronto as an immigrant, I still have no friends. Is this common?
This boy, said he likes me as a friend, infront of his friend, is he lying?
What's more important in a lasting relationship: physical attraction or a well developed friendship?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
Is a toxic friendship better than no friendship?
How do I know if my WhatsApp friends have changed their contact numbers?
Can I also get friends on Quora?
What is a good and unique name for my new YouTube channel?
How can I start a relationship with a friend living overseas?
I have a friend that says he doesn't believe in Darwinian Evolution, how can I convince him it exists?
Are there any single girls on Quora who are interested in just becoming good friends?
How can I help my friend with his, admittedly unhealthy, relationship?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
How can some people love friends more than family?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Should I ask my now-long distance friend why he is ghosting me? If yes, how?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
How do I start a conversation with my old friends from high school?
What are some fun activities you can do at a friends party?
Why does my friend yearn to re-engage with an old boyfriend from 30 years' ago?
How do you know if your family/friends are homophobic?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How I do befriend my female teacher?
I have a friend who cusses at me specifically a lot. She's a sarcastic person but does she really mean it?
How do I get my daughters 17 year old friend out of my house? I let her move in and now she won't leave.
How can I convince my school not to expel me after I defended my friend from a bully?
How do I stop my friends from taking advantage of me?
What is the difference between friendship and relationship?
How do I motivate my friend to keep going during her exams?
If you were on a deserted island and could listen to just one song, read just one book and be with just one person, what and whom would you select?
Is it wrong to have friends with benefits while you are in a relationship with someone else?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
How can I retrieve a deactivated account of an old friend who I want to get in touch with?
A mutual friend made me aware of my friend’s feelings and mine too, which I didn't know earlier. I’m not sure if he still likes me. Should I ask him?
How do I build a social circle during college?
Would you travel to France alone or would you rather go with your best friend?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
How can I tell him I love him without ruining our friendship? I don't want to lose my best friend.
What would be a good tech gift for a friend (girl) under rs.1000 for her birthday?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
What are the best examples of "invite friend" functionality?
How many friends do you have as an adult?
What does it feel like to be in love with your old friend?
Why do people with enough money keep on working so hard when they can be spending time with their families and friends?
What do you do when your friend (21 years old) is unable to think like a mature adult, objectively and critically, even though he does well in school?
When friends develop income disparities, does that create friction between them. Especially among women and STEM workers?
If you want to jog in the morning, but you don't have friends in the city where you are, would you invite other people that you've never seen before?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
For the last few weeks, I’ve been studying for my competition exams and ignoring every chance to be with my friends or family. Am I becoming selfish?
My boyfriend speaks different language. Whenever I'm with him and his friends, I always feel left out. What should I do?
What should I do when my parents don't allow me to go out with my friends? They never let me go out.
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
Why do people you are a good friend to decide to steal and take advantage, then give you some stupid story of denial?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
This girl at school has been messing with me, and my parents know but their family friends and my mom say to just be cordial, but she won't stop. What do I do?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
My parents won't let me hang out with any boys platonically. My other friends are allowed but I'm not. How can I convince them otherwise?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
How can I get my friends WhatsApp?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How do I find friends on Facebook by interest?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
Is it correct to say 'how was your night' when conversing with friends or neighbours in the morning?
I'm dating a close friend and realising I don't like him romantically + dislike intimacy. What do I do?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Is there any benefit to ordering a package for a friend in Canada using Amazon Prime, rather than the friend ordering themselves?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
Where is a quiet place to spend time with your best friend in Whitefield, Bangalore?
Is it okay to have more than 1 best friend? Is it best to only have 1 best friend?
Should I help a friend who has let me down?
Where is the best place to make some new friends in New York? I am from Utah and have a hard time here.
How do I get my friends to date each other?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
What is the best thing to do when my girlfriend compliments my best male friend too much?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Should I build things myself, learn new stuff, and improve myself, or should I hangout with friends, make new friends, and enjoy time with them?
My friend suggested sex, I turned it down, next day texted back "might not hurt". Did I mess up our friendship?
How do I tell my best friend (28 year-old female) of my concerns that her new boyfriend appears to be manipulative and controlling?
How do I become friends with my boss?
I have been cheated of money by a friend of mine. What are my options?
How abnormal is it to reach adulthood without ever having made a friend?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Where do I view my friend list?
My friend told me she wanted to commit suicide but her reason isn't really bad. What should I do?
Why can’t I dislike even one of the characters on Friends?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
I’m new to Egypt. Is it possible to make friends with Egyptians?
How do I help my best friend who has been having an unhealthily obsessive crush on someone? It's actually really worrying and creepy.
How do you say sorry to your best female friend?
How do I break a language barrier in a cross-cultural friendship?
I am in middle school, and I have a crush on my friend. How do I tell him/her?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
In what way does a 34 year Indian housewife think about her teenage friend?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
How do I know if my best guy friend knows that I have a crush on him since forever?
While studying, my friend started laughing and I don’t know the reason. Is there any bad reason behind it?
What is the best place in Amritsar to hangout with friends?
How can I manifest the friends that I want?
If a friend steals from you, does it matter if it’s 5 dollars or 5,000 dollars? Will they still be your friend if they steal 5 dollars?
Why am I so good at making friends but bad at keeping them?
How could I mix two separate groups of friends I have made in different circumstances that live in close proximity to each other, such as on a campus?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
What kind of an impact can I have, if I could convince myself and a group of friends to prepare hard and join ISRO?
How do I make friends at 20?
If someone has no friends, might they find it easier to get friends if they emigrate?
Can I see chats from someone that's not my friend?
How do I become best friends with Gordon Miller?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do I get rid of a friend who tortures me?
How come my boyfriend does things his friends ask even though I tell him not to or that I don't like it?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Can being close friends/in a relationship with an extroverted aspie be a constant source of adrenaline rushes?
Being an Indian, can I make Pakistani friends on Facebook? Is there anything wrong in that? I have seen some people making friends with them on Facebook.
Can anyone be my friend?
Can you find out how often my friend is talking and messaging to a certain person on his iPhone without him knowing?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What singular question would you ask to find out the most about a person?
What do I do when some people get attached to me and say that they love me but I don't even consider them as friends?
Why don't my friendships last?
What do you do when your best friends start hating each other and one of your best friend is your boyfriend?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
Why is my friend so horrible at mathematics?
How do I tell if he is only considering me a friend not a GF?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
How would an INFP guy show his interest in a girl he's friends with online? (She's from another country.) What would both the subtleties & the obvious signs be?
How do I deal with sexist friends?
Why am I so negative? Why am I so different than my friends? Why do I have to feel all of this pain at a young age?
Are nice guys who often get told by their female friends "I only see you as a friend" just feminine guys?
How should a good friend be?
I’m a college (international) student. I tried to make friends, but they think I’m boring and a nerd. I'm stressed. What should I do?
Should I cut off my superficial friend?
Why all of the sudden my ex started to contact me? After she found out, I'm gonna visit my old friend in Toronto.
I want to gift my friend something for her promotion. What could I get her?
I have a friend that is homophobic, and is somewhat religious, but she supports me 95% of the way with my bisexuality. Why is does she do this?
How have your friends changed you?
I just ended a friendship. Was it the right thing to do?
Is it wise to stay friends with an ex that broke your heart?
How can I subscribe a friend to Quora?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
Is it possible to make friends if you give the illusion that you have something they want?
My best friend was raped. How do I help her?
If you meet an old friend after many days, and he/she says "hi" to you, how should you respond?
If I've been dating a man for over a year and I have never met any of his friends, what do you think? He has met scores of my friends.
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
Is friends with benefits thing okay with your best friend?
If after 3 years I haven't met all of my boyfriend’s female friends, is this normal?
Why are people friends when they are young, and when they grow up many times they become enemies?
Do girls need a guy friend?
How do I even bring up the subject to my best friend of 13 years that I am now attracted to her?
How do I refuse someone who is trying to get my number? I kindly talk to him because of my work, and maybe he's only trying to make friends, but I don't like it.
What is the best way to figure out if your friend is gay or just a bit weird? (He keeps squealing like an idiot.)
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
Is it appropriate to send a greeting message to a online American friend for Mother's Day?
What do I do if I like my friend’s new girlfriend and I am willing to lose that friend for her?
Does having a lot of friends makes you a cooler person?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
How do you make your first foreign friend?
What should I do when I am uncomfortable after being vulnerable with a friend? I am afraid he will think differently of me.
How do I get/convince a very overweight friend of mine to go on a diet or to workout?
I'm going through a breakup. I don't have any friends. What options do I have as far as places to go/what to do?
How do I find my friend’s Facebook comments?
How can I make friends with foreigners on the Internet?
If I want to sponser my friend after getting P.R. can I?
My relatives were friends since childhood and have lots of memories, I feel depressed that I dont have any such memories, what can I do?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
Is it wrong if you don’t want to be friends with anyone?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. How do I deal with it?
Would you be friends with an atheist?
How do I become friends with someone I'm Facebook friends with?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Some guys told my friends I am cute and have an adorable smile, but why did they never attempt to court me? Am I intimidating to them?
How should I react if my friend inappropriately and deliberately appears on my date?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
What does it mean when a boy says he'll be your friend but he basically ignores you?
What do my close, single, male friend’s actions say about how he feels about me?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
How did your group of friends meet another group of friends and all become friends?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
If I get rejected by a girl, is it ok to pursue her best friend?
At what age is maintaining female friends good?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How do I say no to a homo guy who approached you for relationship if you are straight but still wants to be with him because he is your best friend?
Who is your best buddy?
How do I respond to a dismissive tone and a rejection from someone I used to be “friends” with?
What should I do if a girl keeps on rejecting me and tell me she will be my just friend?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What does it mean when he says he just wants to be friends?
Do people ever have positive emotions towards a Facebook friend?
How do you make a deal for a friend who has 'super forgotten things'?
What should you do to make your best friend feel better after she just had a very, very detailed bad dream, like one where someone raped her?
Do you think you could forgive your friend once you learn that she/he had backstabbed you by proposing to your crush?
Can you look at someone’s profile without them knowing or having to friend them first in 2017?
What does it mean when my girl best friend keeps sending me pictures of her male celebrity crushes? Does that mean she is interested in me?
Is it ok to make a male my BFF, knowing I have a boyfriend?
If you are visiting a friend in a different state and their house is searched, can you be charged?
How can I help my friend to eliminate her negativities in life?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
What if a person whom you consider your best friend never initiates chat with you on social media?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
How many people feel it's harmless/okay for the husband to have a female friend sit on his lap and for them to kiss in front of his wife?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
Is it possible to be straightforward and call a spade a spade and still have genuine friends in life?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
When someone asks if they should quit the final exams for their passion, people say “Don't be a quitter”, so why do they not say the same about a friend or a lover (or just anyone) quitting a relationship?
What does it mean if my ex's best friend slaps my butt?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
What stuff can you do with your friends at the mall?
What if a close friend chooses to be with the guy who causes all your pains, even if you told her how much he messed you up?
My best friend's boyfriend was rude to me. Is it wrong that my friend did nothing to defend me?
How do you have a Christ-centered friendship to courtship?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
What is the difference between a female friend and a girlfriend?
What are some fun activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
How do you stop your friend from drug dealing?
I think my best friend may have a crush on me but I don't feel the same. What do I do?
I blackmailed my best friend because I was bored. I never got caught (as I have an IQ of 162 and did it anonymously). Am I a horrible person?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
What causes people to vibe or not vibe?
What does it mean when a girl brings along a female when hanging out with your male friend?
Should I keep seeing a friend who never visits me?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What are the most creative nicknames you've called your friends or still call? You could share the story behind it.
It's been more than a year since I started doubting everything. Is it better to share my ideas with close friends, or is it better to keep them to myself?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
When a straight woman tells her lesbian friend, “my heart is sure that he loves you but my mind is not,” what does she mean?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
Do you find interesting friends in Mensa?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
How does a friendship between two people look like? Does friendship between two people look different depending on the friends’ ages (kid, teens, 20s etc.)?
How do you know if your friend likes your boyfriend?
If a gifl says this conversation isn't finished yet and is to be continued, does that mean she likes her male friend?
Are there any autistic people who easily make friends?
If teaching clears/irons out concepts, then why does a friend who is being taught last night by a friend often outscores?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
As a guy, how do you recognize whether your friend is "whipped"?
How can I deal if my friends are making me jealous?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
What are some ways to have a very strong friendship with someone?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Why is it so important to me to have the ex narcissist want me back, even if only as a friend, which is how we started. What happened to my friend?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
Can you give an ex-girlfriend who is a friend a kiss on the cheek? I think she is a lesbian now.
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Should parents punish their underage teen for doing inappropriate things to his girl friend?
My friend might get kicked out of his house when he turns 18, is there anything he can do to prepare?
Why did my friend ask me if his girlfriend is attractive?
Do your friends mock you, behind your back for taking a reserved seat?
Why is a friend in need a friend indeed?
I am shocked that my friend who I know is a narcissist did not call. How can someone who was my friend for almost 10 years be so heartless?
How do I know how to read someone?
Should we make friends or are they just a disturbance in life?
What are some thoughts about telepathic friends?
What was the best incident of your life that made you happy?
How do I get over the fact that I chose to continue with studies and my friends chose to work that is giving them a lot of money?
Should I judge people for being judgmental?
What are qualities that are important in a friendship for the relationship to flourish?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Have you been dumped as a friend? Just to be clear, this is not a person being friend zoned, but saying that the person can't be friends with you anymore.
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Why are friends so essential?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
My friend has a voice in her head that tells her to do bad things to herself and to kill herself. What do I do?
Can my boyfriend come back within a month if he just got deployed?
How could I make friends in Delhi as I feel lonely?
Should I confront my friend when she visits my parents’ house and raids our fridge, even if my parents say they are okay with it?
Why am I feeling a great affection for a very close girl friend?
Should I tell my girl best friend I like her? I don't want to risk it and lose her as my best friend.
When the female narcissist is cheating, how does she feel?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What do you do if your close friend is dating someone you don't approve of?
If your best friend were to vomit on you every day in the same place at the same time of day, how many days would it take for you to get really angry?
My friends make fun of me because I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?
In the Spanish language, how would you say, "The staff were very friendly/The staff aren’t that friendly"?
How do I make social connections and friends with any rich, powerful and influential person I want?
If you catch your female narcissist friend in the act of cheating, will she still lie?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What should I do if my lady friend decides to hang out with me at odd times?
What makes somebody only like someone as a friend and nothing more?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
What are some interesting questions/tricks that can make any stranger a friend?
Have you ever had a best friend who backstabbed you?
My friend's girlfriend checks his phone all the time. How do I let him know that this is an unhealthy practice?
What should a person do, when he looses support from his friends and family?
What should I do, if a really good female friend of mine wants to date me but I would rather stay friends?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Why is my deactivated account still visible in my old Friends lists?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
How do I reconcile with a former best friend who doesn't want to speak to me?
What should I do if my only friends aren't good for me?
If a friend marks your message unread, will I still see the "seen" after?
How can I become friendly towards others?
Which of these people is more a part of your family; a cousin you never met or your best friend?
What are your opinions on friends with benefits?
Have you ever thought of the happy face of your best friend when she receives the birthday gift of a T-shirt designed for only her?
How can I tell an old close friend about the feeling of pain I was having without scaring her?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How can I send a message to a friend without my identity?
What were the most unlikely friendships or relationships in History?
Why can't I feel an emotional connection with anyone, including friends?
How do I deal with friends who say everything is BS and you want to be a part of that but you don't know how to be in that conversation?
What do you do when a girl calls you a friend on your first day of meeting?
What are some quotes about great friends?
If liberals like Muslims so much, why are they embarrassed to call them friends?
She wants to be friends. Now she is getting married. I’m trying to let our friendship fade away, but she really likes me as a friend. What do I do?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What does it mean when a girl tells her friends that she doesn't like a boy? How should he behave with her?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
The guy I like is crushing on my best friend. What should I do?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I make new friends?
How do I tell my friends that they are mean to me?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
How do you make frenemies your friends?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I be friends with someone before getting into a deeper relationship with them?
My wife wants me to be happy for her and still be her friend after she cheated on me and continues to sleep around with multiple men. How do I cope?
How do I get back at my cheating girl friend?
Should I tell my boyfriend that I am jealous of his girl best friend?
My first love is my friend. I made her a painting that was my love letter from her that I ripped up by accident. Can I give it?
What are some best books as birthday gifts to my best friend?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
How I can finalize the best gifts for my friend?
When you are out on a trip or dinner with friends/family, why doesn't the bill split include the kids who order just as much as the adults?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
My male best friend pulled away and got back with his ex, who he supposedly hated, and is now acting like a different person. I miss him a lot; will he ever come back?
What will you do if a trusted friend betrays you and chose to take her chances with the guy who hurt you?
A guy friend of mine has developed a crush on me. Should I be worried about our friendship?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How can I stop calling/messaging someone who used to be a close friend?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
My friend keeps copying everything I do, should I say something?
Has any of your enemies become your friend?
How do I get notifications when my friend is online on WhatsApp?
Can I find a mature female friend in Chandigarh?
Do you call it cheating if you kiss your best friend?
How do I deal with a friend who gives silent treatment?
How can I help a friend who is undergoing domestic abuse by her father? We are both teenagers as of now.
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
Is it bad to ask someone to correct your mistakes?
All of sudden my office friends have stopped trusting me and consider that I am a liar. I did not do any such thing. What should I do?
How do you write an apology letter to your best friend?
Where can I get Japanese friends on the internet?
My friend and I have the same crush on my best friend, who was my ex, and I have a boyfriend. Everyone is in the same friend group. What do I do?
If a person is asking me to leave him, as a girl, what should I do? I like being friendly with him.
Where can I meet friends who want to create wealth and prosperity together?
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
What if your friends are richer than you are?
How can I make friends when I am shy, awkward, lazy, and poor?
Can I use find out in the past, for example, I found out that the hotel had closed my reservation?
My best friend for 6 years cut me off for no reason. We were always there for each other and practically watched each other grow up. What should I do?
How do you cope with friends who are jealous of your salary?
What is the most effective way to grieve after a relationship or friendship has ended?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What is the best way to get over your first heartbreak and still be friends?
I stole a guy from one of my friends and I feel bad about it. What do I do?
How would an NPD feel knowing you disclosed/exposed his sickness to his best friend in an email?
Why did people on Quora write that true friendship is a myth?
What are your honest opinions about someone who left their two best friends after elementary school for their "own good"?
How can I ask for my friend’s WhatsApp account?
What is the fastest way to make friends if you're an introverted?
What does it mean when I dream about being rejected by a girl I like for my friend?
What is your thought about Indians, do you have any Indian friends?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
I don't have any friends at all. Should I still go to prom?
Why didn’t I get my practice ACT scores back when all my friends did?
My friend didn't reply to my date invitation. Should I fight for her or give up?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
If you're having a hard time talking to a guy, and your friend sets up a pool game with you, him, her, and her boyfriend, is it considered a double date?
Have you checked how much your friend is happy?
How can I spend my birthday when I have no friends?
How do I cope with liking a friend's boyfriend?
Which site can I get pen friends from any part of the world?
How can I finally stop having dreams about the person who hurt me 12 years ago?
Why would an ex want you as a best friend if she's in another sexual relationship?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean if my crush wants to be friends with me before my high school life end and he knows I like him without me telling him?
How can I talk to people when I feel upset? I feel like I'm not close enough to anyone to open up. I irritate my mom, and I don't want to lose my friends.
My ex has NPD, eventually I'd had enough and left. I drove past his house yesterday and felt intense fear, why?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
What will you do if a close friend became the girlfriend of the guy who played with you and cheated on you with his girlfriend?
The girl I had a crush on made me her best friend and told me about her getting in relationship with someone. What should I do?
I told my friend about how I feel for her, but she never replied. What should I be doing about it?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
What does it mean when a friend (boy) likes a picture from few months ago on Facebook?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
Where is my friend’s list?
Am I a bad person if I want to leave a friendship with someone?
Is there any way to make me know more foreign friends, I am a Chinese person?
How do I help a grieving addict best friend?
How can I seem friendly?
How do I stop being so attached to home and spend more time with friends as a 15 year old?
Is it ok for my friends to call me an idiot and beat me and call me a loser?
How do I handle friends at school who show off to girls by bullying me?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
Is there a best way to calm an alt right friend without violence?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
When my girlfriend sees me surprisingly in public with her friend she treats me like a normal friend, what does that mean?
Who are the worst friends you’ve ever had?
How do I deal with my friend’s hot and cold treatment?
If you broke up with an ex recently, is it right for a friend within the same friend group to date him/her?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
Is it possible to make friends in Canada?
This Friday my best friend is coming. I want to design a couple t-shirts for us. Can you tell me some suggestions?
My friend's gf is cheating on him with my other friend. What should I do?
Should you be okay calling your friend every time, if he/she, chooses to act like they ignore you but cheerfully talk once they answer your call?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
What will you do if a guy you pushed away because he was cheating with his girlfriend cheats again and chose your close, trusted friend instead?
What is the best thing to say best friend in her birthday?
We both are 18. How do I propose to her? She is career-oriented and less talkative, but friendly with a caring nature.
So I just found out that my best friends are dating. Is it possible that I had a crush on her but I didn't know it?
Is it real drama, when you try to open up the very hurtful things that your close friends did to you?
Why can people that I am not friends with on FB see what I say to my real FB friends?
Did you ever backstab your best friend?
How do you change friend groups?
How do I get over commitment issues?
Did he friendzone me? He said "For as long as we stay friends."
As a teenager, how do I make friends my age in New York over the summer?
Which was the best friend of Tagore?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
How can your child (someone under the age of 18) be your best friend? What is your definition of friendship?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I fart to my friend's face?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why would a good guy friend block me from Facebook? I've known him 20 years.
I’ve always followed my friend, who inspires me, but when I don’t have a friend around, it’s hard to do things and stay motivated. What should I do?
My friend has a voice in her that is telling her to do wrong things and to cut herself to make her bleed and die. What do I do?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
In your opinion, if a person has more money than they ever need, why would they choose to work instead of spending time with their family and friends?
How can I get my mom to let me hang out with my guy friends?
Why can’t I stand having attractive female friends?
Why did my ex get quiet when my friend told him I might have a new man?
Is it uncommon for someone with ADHD (me) to have no friends?
What should one do when he knows that everyone, including his friends and peer group, has gotten a lot of success in their lives and careers, but he hasn’t?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Are friends everything in life?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
What is the best video game for making friends?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
A friend asked to date me, but something felt weird, so I called it off. I found out later that he was engaged. Now, he and his fiancee are both harassing me. What do I do?
If you became friends with your crush, wouldn't you just get friend-zoned?
What attitude should we take towards envy in a friendship?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
What are the best methods to test your friendship?
I got caught at school for smoking pot with friends, but I didn’t smoke. Am I in as much trouble as my friends? What should I do?
Is going outside for parties with friends necessary to keep friendship longer?
How can you find a true friend if you migrate to a different country as an adult?
Does my ex's brother want more than just our friendship if he asked me how I feel about him?
My friend is bragging about getting a better grade in maths. How do I stop feeling jealous and depressed?
Why do I feel livelier and happier with my friends?
I was (seriously) sick for a couple of weeks and my friend blocked me on WhatsApp. What should I do?
My friend is giving me the silent treatment because I am getting closer to my other friend. What should I do?
How old is your relationship with your best friend?
So the other night I had a sex dream about my crush's best friend. What does this mean?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
Why is it difficult to make friends in Canada?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
When do you know a close friendship has run its course?
What do I do when my so called friend try to make fun of me?
Will my life be miserable if I don't have best friends?
Someone you love always asks you for help (as a friend). Should you continue to help the person or avoid the person so you can control your feelings?
Can a man be good friends with a girl who already has a boyfriend?
All of my friends have fallen out with me over a stupid rumour. My family doesn't care about me and now everyone at school hates me. Should I kill myself?
Is it possible to feel something for your well known male friend after you married to another man?
What should one do if he is not able to resume his long-lasting friendship?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
If you had to choose between never in your life having a partner or sex but having a friend/friends, what would you choose and why?
How do I stop friends from seeing my comments/likes on other pages?
How did you realise who your true friends were?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
Why do I feel jealous and very hurt when my best friend (boy) gives extra priority to someone (girl)?
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
What if you fake a friendship, and later, the friend forgives you, but again you are fed up with his attitude?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What are the characteristics of real best friend?
Is it weird for a thirteen year old girl to be friends with a twenty three year old man?
What would you do if your best friend was about to fall from a cliff?
Is it OK to outgrow long-term friends in your 30s and 40s?
One of my friends has absconded due to certain personal issues. How do I track his whereabouts?
Should I forgive my ex-friend who ruined my dream research project and played with my emotions?
Is it wrong to have a girl as a friend?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
My friend is mad at me and won't tell me why, what do I do?
What do you do when boredom hits you hard (with no friends to hangout and tired of all gimmick gadgets)?
Is it ok for my boyfriend’s female friend to contact him when she splits with her man?
Who would you prefer in a friend and in a partner between an honest person and a good person, and why?
My son has gotten his female friend pregnant. What can I do to resolve this issue?
What do I do if I love my best friend at a Catholic school?
How do I show no friends on my time page?
A friend of mine once wrote on her blog that "being alone is [her] personal catch-22." What are some possible interpretations of what this could mean?
What is the best way to respond if your best friend is being distant and will not stop being mean and saying “btdubs” and “jk”?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Does a high score on the PCL-R automatically indicate psychopathy?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
Have you ever become friends with a person who you had a car accident with?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
When you like your opposite sex friend, how can you distinguish this feeling from love?
How did the friendship between you and your best friend come to an end?
My friend just told me she's going to kill herself. What should I do?
Is having sex with your female friends ok, as long as you both understand a relationship is not possible?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
How can I make my friends care about me?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
What does a guy usually think when his colleague ‘pretends’ to slap him?
How do I stay away from my friends and family that always put me down and they always give negative critics in whatever I do?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
My friend's boyfriend discovered he can make super realistic goose noises and now he won't stop. Why?
How can I find some new single friends in my life?
How can I be happy in life without friends?
How can I have nice, respectful online friends?
Why am I so insecure about my health, home, intelligence, friends and life?
Do Muslims have Jewish friends?
How do you tell when a certain friend is online?
What is the best lyric prank to do on my 11-year old best friend who knows a lot of songs?
My girlfriend wants to see everyday. She gets angry when I tell her otherwise. I feel suffocated and I lost all my friends. How can I resolve this?
Where can I find friendly women?
How do I refuse a gift from my girl friend?
Am I doomed to the friendzone if I'm a guy who loves his best female friend?
How does a female feel about the Mensus?
How do I help my friends for getting bullied?
Is it possible to be friends with someone who has different ideologies?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Why do my friends become gloomy and sad when they're around me?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
All my friends abandoned me & there is only one month left in the year. How do I make freinds with haters who bullie about my outfits & say im stupid?
Should I stay with my group of friends?
I think my friend is fake but we shared so many bonding moments and I don't know how to handle this. What can I do?
What do those of you who follow Carnegie's advice on socialization do when you encounter someone who doesn't reciprocate with questions?
How have your friends changed?
What is the harshest truth you've said to a friend?
How can I friend-zone a girl who I barely know?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
How often should I call/text friends I don't see everyday?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
How do I stop talking to myself a lot, as if talking to a friend?
Is it possible to love multiple people for different reasons?
I used to like a friend of mine. Now, we don't stay in the same country. I want to tell her about the feelings I had for her. How can I do so?
Who has been the most important person in your life after your parents and best friend and why?
Is friendship better than a relationship?
What are some rude and just plain ignorant things that your family and friends did, even after you came out to them?
What if your friends don't make time for you?
What should I do when I feel replaced in a friendship?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
I don't have friends. How do I enjoy myself this summer?
How does it feel to have sex with a friend’s wife?
Will I be unsuccessful because I like having only a few friends?
Will my old friends get jealous of me after seeing big changes in me (that have made me better) from the time we last met?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
Can my best friend forgive me for sleeping with her boyfriend?
How do I find people to make friends with if your shy?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
How can I forgive my friend?
How can I see what date two people became friends on Facebook when only one is my friend?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How do you tackle in a situation like; a friend and you are sharing a same room and s/he snores?
Friends, family and even my parents have started to taunt me on my shape, what can I do for some quick results just quieten them down for a bit?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
What did you do when you found out that your friend likes your crush?
Do you have a beautiful heart?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
What was the last message from your friend?
Is it possible that my friend is depressed, or is she just telling me she's cutting for attention?
How can I write a sweet goodnight text to a friend?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Is it acceptable to be a male "chaperone" for your close female friend if you know she flirts too much?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How real is it if a guy who has a kid and girlfriend wants to be friends with you?
Am I to blame for not taking a friend's humour lightly who repeatedly called me a whore and a sex machine, even after I told him I can't tolerate it?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
When a guy says he's not sure whether to go further from friend zone because he has long term depression, what should I do?
What if Naruto and Garra had become friends as kids?
I want to pursue my career in AI. What branch should I take after 12th science?
How do I deal when people make fun of me (including friends)? How to keep that calm and cool attitude?
If a friend is teasing you and it’s funny for a while but then it kind of gets on your nerves later on, what do you do next?
What is more important: the person whom you lost your virginity to or your first real best friend?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
What do I do if I get frustrated with my friends easily?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Should I pay my ex-friend back for what he did?
Should I date my online best friend?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
What should I do if my friends are asking me to join the QNET?
How do I make friends as an 8th grade student who is graduating in one month?
How can I find out if one of my friends on a friends list has two phone numbers?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I convince my best friend to leave her boyfriend?
How do introverts make and—the hardest of all—maintain their friendships for the long term? I am not able to make even a single best friend!
Why do you think guys hate the friend zone?
My friend stole flowers from a homeless man who was selling them and ripped them up. She was drinking but this isn't like her. Should I say something?
Why do some boys in my class have girls as friends for benefits? I mean, they have them as friends for their own interests, not real friends.
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
My guy friend has a huge crush on me, but I don't like him enough because he isn’t athletic, cool enough, etc. What should I do?
How can a close friend improve our happiness?
How do I get invited to parties in New York over the summer as a teenager and make friends my own age?
My friend shut me down when I told him I want to be a software engineer at Google and I’m hell bent on proving I can do it. What do I do starting now?
How would you get two friends together as a couple?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
Should I be mad if my friend called me a nerd, a teacher’s pet, and a Goody Two-Shoes?
How do I unblock myself on my friend’s Imo?
Does Snapchat’s friends list differ for me and my friend?
Why does time go slow if you think back about friendship?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
Should I still be good friends with my ex-boyfriend?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
Why do bullies try to be friends with the person they bullied?
How do you deal with a friend who calls you stupid and criticizes your every move?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What's one social app that you love to use for getting together with friends and family?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
What should I do when a friend of mine keeps on boasting about himself?
How do I gradually distance myself from someone without arousing suspicion?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who is overly involved in my life and my private issues, and who is overly possessive and wants me to stop talking to all my guy friends?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
My first love is now a lesbian (I am a dude, by the way). We are still friends. How do I approach this situation?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Who is the girl in Tai Lopez’s video/Instagram? Is it his girlfriend, friends, cousin, or just a random hot girl (gold digger)?
What are your best strategies when it comes to loaning money to friends?
What are the facts about you that even your friends are not going to believe?
Is it justified to have quality time with a friend not with a purpose of dating? In short, what is your opinion on FWB (friends with benefits?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Is it ok for a Indian boy to get naked in front of his other male friends (mainly same age or older) after growing his pubic hair?
Despite being the most insulted being by man, man is dog's best friend. Don't dogs have feelings about this?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
How can I forget about my friend’s feelings and kill myself?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
If you want to find an old girl friend but only have a first name and a picture of her, is it possible to find her?
How do I resolve conflict between my friend and me?
A friend of mine has an under-active thyroid, won't take medicines, and sweats then gets cold. What can happen to her?
Is it right to shame my friend in front of everyone, since he is using his father's bribed money?
What are some topics or tips for introducing yourself to a friend in high school?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
How I can make my old friend regret leaving me?
Why does my girlfriend talk with me like a friend?
How can I help my friend attend the UCSD orientation without letting his guardians know?
What partnership terms should I do with my friend?
My friend's felon younger brother got out of prison and is now living with her, how can I support her?
My best friend ruined my friend circle. What can I do to get it back?
How do I get friendly with girls?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
One of my friends is anorexic. I don't want to lose her trust. What should I do?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
My boyfriend has decided to choose his friends over me. Should I leave him forever?
Who are more important, friends, relatives or neighbours?
What should you do when you think your bisexual best friend has a crush on you?
Which pronoun is correct, me or mine, in, “That was under the aegis of mine/me”?
It so happened that a friend (girl) of mine is upset due to workload, should I console her?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
I have secured 88% in my board exams and one of my friends secured 67%. Should I talk to him or not.
What's your go-to casual outfit for going out with friends?
My friends and I are going to Hampi for a week’s stay. Should we book accommodation before going?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
What should single young Indians do if they don’t have girlfriends or many friends?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
How right are rules in friendship?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Can you give me ideas for inviting friends to an Indian lunch?
In school, I'm following my friends, and the most of them say: "Who called you here!" What should I do?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What do I do/say to a friend who lost someone to suicide?
How do I convince my divorced, Catholic friend to start dating again?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
I have five friends. I like one of the five and want her to be my best friend, but she already has a best friend who I don't like. What should I do?
My friend was studying MBBS but he has dropped out to pursue engineering. What shall he do next?
Two years back, there was this girl and we were both into each other but I broke up with her. Now, I just want to be her friend but she barely talks to me. What should I do?
How should I tell my best friend that her ex was cheating on her?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
Why does my friend with benefit gets jealous often?
What does it mean when a girl begs to befriend with a guy?
Can someone have fun and make friends at an anime convention if they don't cosplay?
How does my friend stop her mother from constantly dismissing her?
How do you make friends as an 8th grader who is going to graduate almost one month later?
What is the best way to deal with a man who gets bored easily and breaks up with women a lot?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
What do I do when I spend the night at my Japanese friend's house?
How can I see a friend’s active log?
One of my closest friends is leaving to another country. How do I deal with this without breaking down emotionally?
Is it wrong to unfriend someone in my circle of friends?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Do we really need friends in this age of Internet?
Why would a friend become irate and end our friendship after I called her out for fabricating friends and scenarios if my assertion was unfounded?
I think my friend is addicted to cocaine, he says he isn't. But he uses it almost every day. What should I do?
Shall I tell my ex-friend’s boyfriend the reason we broke the friendship?
How do I ask a girl for sex or to be friends with benefits?
How do I overcome the fear of failure of friendships?
What is the passive voice of they were my friends?
Should I ask my best friend out?
Are best friends mutal?
My friend took too many sleeping pills and she keeps Snapchatting me that there are faeries and tree men in her room. Is she going to die?
In the 1st season, when it was getting filmed, how old were the cast members of “Friends”, in real life and on the show?
When an outsider enters your space with your friends and then you are sidelined, what do you do when you feel like you want to smash him down every day?
What you should do when sometimes your friends are demotivating you and you also feel that they are doing better than you?
When a friend tells me to think more highly of myself, the opposite happens, and I feel very depressed and self-destructive. Why does this happen?
How do I find a romantic match for a friend who is incredibly eligible but still single?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
What should you do if all your friends has become your enemies?
Which is the vasthu friendly apartments in trivndrum?
What should I do if my friend lied in a Quora answer about my socio-economic status. This friend made me seem evil, so that people said I am a terrible person.
How can I stop Facebook friends finding out about me on Quora?
Do you hate your students? Why?
Why is it that anyone I've ever been friends with ends up talking shit about me, being super jealous of me or just legitimately wants to see me fail?
What is the best way to talk to your crush (alone) if she's always in a group with her friends? I can barely see her during the school break.
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
What if your so called friends don't make time for you?
Would you consider continuing a friendship if your "friend" attempted to drug you?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
She approached me, smiled and said something, looking straight in my eyes, and then her friend looked at her, started giggling and she started giggling too. We are both girls and have already planned to go on a date. Does this mean her friend knows?
Is it normal for a teenage girl to only have guy friends?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
In regards to death of acquaintances or close friends and family members, how many people did you know who have passed away?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
What if you start liking your best friend and suddenly, one fine day, she says she has a boyfriend already?
What if a girl cries for a boy? Is it love or a friendship?
How do I know my friend’s mobile call history?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
How do I find how many email accounts my girl friend has?
I really like a guy that 2 of my best friends are talking to, what do I do?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
Does my friend (girl) have a crush on me?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
I friendzoned a close friend I regret sleeping with. Is it normal that he tells me about his sex life everytime we talk, without me even asking?
How I can be an administrator of my friends’ WhatsApp group?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
What would you do if you found out that your friend was a sexual molester?
How do I know that my friend is not being fake?
Should I move on from my crush, a really good friend of mine, who doesn't like me that way now but still gives me hope?
What scary activities can you do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
Should I got to my friends birthday party?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Why would people want to hang out with me if they don't really like me?
When insects eat other insects, is it cannibalism?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
I still have a crush into my female friend. How can I stop?
We are in a group of 225 friends. What can we sell to each other?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
What is the difference between boy friend and best friend (for girls)?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
I've had a fight with a close friend, and we just resolved it, but I feel worse now than before we resolved our fight. Why?
Who understands you better, your best friend or your worst enemy?
How do I know if my friend has a dual messenger in the same account?
What do you do if your friend underestimates you?
How do I hide my Facebook relationship status but keep it visible on my fiancee's profile for her friends?
How should my friend and I split the cost of our trip?
Can I date my best friend?
One of my non-Muslim friends is not accepting my friend request on Facebook because I have reverted to Islam. What will you say?
I have a crush on my best friend's older sister, what do I do?
One of my friends died at a young age, and his family don't know what his financial situation was. How do we check his accounts and other assets?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
Why do guys always complain about the friend zone?
I have a suicidal friend who lives in a different state with an abusive parent. How can I help them?
How do I get that old charm again from my friends? How do I stop their ignorance towards me because I usually say the harsh truth right to their faces?
How do you force a teacher to let you and your friends stay in the same class?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Why did my best friend ask out my crush?
Is considering your close friend as a brother good?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
Why do sometimes friends become enemies and how should you resolve it?
What's the best way to overcome losing your partner/best friend?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
If my friend was searching the word 'suicide' on Wikipedia, is it okay for her parents to take away all of her social media and her computer?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
Is it wrong to not want to feel special?
Why should we be friends with every race?
If you have a bipolar friend and they’re doing something stupid and dangerous, what do you do?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
What does it mean if my girl best friend keeps sending me pictures of her male celebrity crushes? Does it mean she's interested in me?
If my friend tries to read my text messages is it invasion of privacy?
Do your family and friends typically ignore, or otherwise not support your creative work?
What does active 6 days ago on Hangouts mean in my friend's Hangout conversation?
Is it okay for an adult to be friends with a minor of the opposite sex? (34 year old man and 13 year old girl)
What are some best apps to get new friends but anonymously?
How do you cope with your ex stealing your friends?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How many of you bought graduation dinners for visiting friends?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
What if your best friend's girlfriend loves you more than anything? She even broke up with her boyfriend (my best friend).
What does it feel like when you are neither friend-zoned, nor bro-zoned, nor accepted as a boyfriend?
What is an old friend?
Do people who are in their 20s prefer broad, shallow "friendships" online? Why?
What is the best book I can gift to my 18 year old female friend?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
My best friend still has a crush on me. It makes me uncomfortable. How do I let him know that I don't feel the same way without hurting him?
Should a guy gift a makeup kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
How do stores in the Philippines determine when to staple your bag? One friend would. The other would not. Both are females.
What is your opinion about friendship (in a single line)?
Why does everyone love Friends when it so clearly creates a gender template for each character?
My old BFF, who was my BFF for 6 years, doesn’t want to let me go. Why?
Why do lesbians always want to be friends with their ex-boyfriends?
Should I still hang out with my younger friends?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
If polyamory is not about sex (okay - I get that part), how is that not simply a close friendship?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why is there no Central Perk Cafe from Friends in NYC?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
He hits on me but he acts like his female friend is his girlfriend. He had told me she isn't. What should I do?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Can a boy and a girl be best friends without people mistaking them for being a couple?
If a girl rejected me and​ still brings it up, does she like me?
Is there any way to find out what your friend has called you on Snapchat?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I get more friends in campus?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what else can I do that is cool as smoking but my friends don't do?
How should I feel if my girlfriend puts hearts around her gay friend's name?
What is the secret language for friends?
Why do girls or female friends say "tell me a funny story"? What is the purpose behind this?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
Why did my Muslim friend got mad when he accidentally ate bacon?
How can I identify fake friends and nicely refuse to hangout with them?
I don't seem to meet guys at all. I don't go to bars/clubs because I have friends that have kids already and I don't online date. What to do?
My best friend said that he loves me and when I accepted him he started ignoring me. Is it because he's shy or that he has lost interest in me?
How can I express my feelings to a friend who means a lot to me but I think that he doesn't feel the same way? I'm a guy and am not gay.
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
Girls can be the reason for the end of a good friendship between boys. How much truth do you find in this?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
A friend just brushed me on Snapchat during a conversation and pissed me off? How do I let them know how I feel?
What does it mean if my boyfriend asks me, “Why do you want to come here? I know you want to be with me, but what else do you want out of your life?”
One of my best friend recently visited us for a vacation stay with his family, he kept making fun about everything including me, is this ok?
How do I make friends over the summer in a new place?
How do I make my girl friend want to see me in person more often?
How do you know when it's time to end a relationship (friend or spouse)?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
How do I ask someone not to talk about me to others?
How did Kurama and Naruto became friends?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How can you know what friends are following you?
Is it normal to want my girl friend to fart in my face?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
I asked her out, she said she had a project to do, but then she hung out with her friend. Should I keep on chasing her or move on?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
What should girls want to know about her boy friends?
I needed two friends to witness my dying father's will. One ignored me, the other said they would and didn't, how would a gentleman respond?
How do you react when you can't share your food to your friends?
Why are all my best friends immigrants?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
One of my friends has an M.Tech in remote sensing. She has done teaching for 2 years. She wants to get back to work. What are her options?
Why do people who are tired of losing friends to death or betrayals and decide to not try to make friends looked down on?
What is the best way to make friends and get people to like you, even if you have anoyed them in the past and they have said they dislike you?
Why do I have problem maintaining friendships for a long time?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
My friend in need keeps asking for money. What should I do?
How can I tell my longtime female best friend that I caught strong feelings for her?
If my friend sneakily clicks some pictures of me, what are the laws that I can use for complaining against him?
How can I get the phone number of my friend on Facebook?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
How do you feel about the concept of ditching “friends” or “followers" anywhere being used on the internet?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What are some good farewell wishes to a friend?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What is the best thing your friend(s) have done for you?
How do you have sex with your friend’s sister?
What should I do about my boyfriend’s best friend that keeps trying to break us up?
What does it mean when you’re friends with your ex but he stopped talking to you recently and is giving your best friend high-fives?
Boyfriend told me last night he misses the friendship between him and his ex & that's why he would like to continue seeing her as friends. What should I make of this?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
My friend is under a lot of pressure lately because of studies and a lot of other things. Her parents are also very strict. How can I cheer her up?
Why does my best friend always puts me down before others even when we have known each other for more than 10 years? How should I react to this?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Recently, one of my friends just got into a relationship. Now when she posts pics of herself with her boyfriend, why am I getting so jealous?
Is it wrong as a Muslim to make Jewish friends?
Do we really need to have a social life in order to have friends?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
How can I know if my friend hates me?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
Is it acceptable to disclose information about your friend to another person you trust who has no affiliation with your friend?
What are some good quotes about losing a friend to death?
How can I explain to my friend that some things are rude?
How am I supposed to treat a friend who has admitted to being prejudiced?
Should I ask an old friend out again?
How do I rebalance the relationship with my narcissistic friend?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
What did you feel when your bestfriend got married?
Is it wrong for a boy and a girl who are both in committed relationships and have been best friends for 4 years to have a slow dance together at prom?
I have 3 friends. Two guys and a girl. I'm the youngest. When I'm with them, I feel left out. Are they really friends if they make me feel like crap?
Can you know what friends are following on Facebook?
A girl, who is a friend of mine has started to send me adult jokes all of a sudden. Is this normal?
How do I treat my girlfriend if she likes someone else? What is the best solution for this?
What is the best way to get far away from power and money-created friends?
What can cause someone to not want any friends?
Do girls feel hesitant to come alone with a male best friend?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
Can I be friends with my best friend's enemy?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
How can I ask for the money that my friend borrowed from me? I feel bad to ask for the money. What should I do?
How do I confirm that the girl wants to be just friends?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Why does Quora force me to sign in and then steals my friends list?
Is it possible to stay as good old friends, even after one has proposed to another, and it was not accepted since the girl saw him only as her friend?
How do you handle being left out in a group?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
What can I do about life? I’m 24 and have no friends or family. All I do is work, then go home.
When does a girlfriend agree to have sex?
How do you respond to someone who keeps asking you out even though you asked them to give you some space while you were dealing with some stress?
What are some free activities you can do during the summer with your teenage friends?
What is considered a 'true friend'?
Should you still stay with your boyfriend if he creeps your best friend behind your back?
How can I make friends as a 8th grade student who is graduating almost a month later?
I have no friends or relatives left. Is my life worthwhile?
What are some crazy things you can do at a friends pool party?
Tomorrow will be my 22nd birthday and I have achieved nothing. I failed my job, my family, my friends, even myself. I just bought a knife. Should I use it?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What is love, is it friendship?
My best friend and crush can't/won't get along, what should I do?
There is a girl who loves me but presently I don't have any such feelings for her but I want her to stay as my good friend. Should I go away from her?
How can I still hang with my drinking family and friends when I've decided to quit drinking?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
Do true friends really exist?
Is it okay if we become close to someone else (opposite sex) while in a relationship but just as a friend?
Can two people who were best friends and then dated and then broke up ever be best friends again?
I don't want relationships or friendships, am I depressed or is this normal?
How do I know my guy best friend is falling for me again?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
How would you react if your crush became the best friend of your best friend?
My best friends abandoned me and since then I've had this fear going alone anywhere. This is new. Have my ex-friends caused some psychological damage?
Is it normal for a male betrayer to distance himself from whom he betrayed, a male friend, and an associate?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Her friends call us cute together. What do I do?
Is it possible for me to convert a Jehovah's Witness, who used to be my friend, but now denies our friendship due to his faith/family?
How do you the describe the relationship of when a student becomes friends with a teacher after graduation?
Who has the most personal friends in the world?
What do you think of people that call you their friend but they always let you down, leave you alone, and befriend your enemy?
What can I do to support two friends recently diagnosed with cancer (one ovarian, one colon)? I don't live in the same state as either.
What are some poems about betrayal in a friendship?
What is one thing you love about your friend?
I think my friend has BPD and she is starting to get very clingy and I'm feeling repelled by this. How should I deal with it?
How do I maintain friendships when going through a lot?
Can you tell me some proverbs and sayings about international friendships?
I have a good friend who recently was diagnosed with cancer. What can I do to help her, without being in the way?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
I'm attracted to my friend, but he's straight. How can I admit my attraction to him without making things awkward?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How can I help my germaphobic friend?
How do I make close friends in highschool?
If you had an opportunity to date the ex of your best friend and you wanted to, should you ask for your best friend's permission?
Is it okay if I don't have actual friends?
Which one should I consider as a good friend, the USA or Russia?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
How do I make my girl friend rich?
What is the best way to give a male friend a gift without being emasculating?
Is it really necessary to have many friends?
How can I make my best friend happy?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
Is it bad to make imaginary friends out of real people who you are no longer friends with?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
How do I keep in touch with everyone?
A friend of mine on Facebook recently added 4 people but I can only see 3, is there a way to find out who this is?
My best friend and I are drifting apart, what should I do?
How do I make things less awkward with a friend that I argued with?
My family, bf, and friend never really care for me or even to put up some times to listen to me. Who should I talk to?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
How do I find good friends via social media?
Have you left your childhood friend? What was the reason?
Why am I socially unacceptable?
Is 'Khwahish' similar to 'Chahat'?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
Why don’t I get a girlfriend? I have lots of girls as friends but not for going out.
What is the feeling of breaking up with a friend?
If your friends are being a burden that can affect your future, should you carry the burden or abandon him as your friend?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
What is the best way to back out of a charity ride? My friend signed up for $1,500 but got laid off and they won't let him off the hook.
How can I make friends with strangers as a teenager?
Does the number of friends a person has on Facebook reveal anything?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
Why would someone ignore a friend request rather than simply responding to it one way or the other?
