My oats have about 66 grams of carbohydrates per 100 grams, is it healthy for fat loss?
How can I use linseed in my meals?
What can I eat in between my meals?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
Should I run while still being full?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
What is the best time period for eating?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
How do I maintain blood sugar level during Ramadan?
Can eating bhang daily cause impotence?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
How was it possible for large herbivore dinosaurs to consume enough food to sustain their size?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Are people looking for home cooked food in Bangalore?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
Is it bad to drink nothing but water?
What is a good diet for losing hip fat?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
What was your experience working at McDonalds? Would you still eat there after knowing how the food was prepared by the employees?
What processed meats are bad for our health?
How can can I lose 30 pounds before mid-September?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
Which fibrous food should be taken in piles?
What causes phlegm after eating?
How do I order chalk to eat at a lower cost?
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas that are easy on a sensitive stomach?
What food do you like to eat the way it is not supposed to be eaten or should not be eaten? Why do you prefer it and does it pose a health risk?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
Who can eat biltong?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
What are some examples of low carb picnic recipes?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What are the 6 different food groups?
What is the diet followed by top CEOs (especially Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai etc.) in USA?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
What are the risks of eating dandelions?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
What is the reaction between lemon and milk?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
What is the role of food in spirituality? Can certain spiritual vibration states be attained solely through a perfect Sattvic diet with"high vibe"foods?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Are there any quick, healthy meals to make that you would recommend for a university student?
Why do I keep gaining weight if I exercise everyday and eat healthy most of the time?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What should I eat to get more stamina?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Can eating clean salad after 10pm increase your sugar levels?
What are the positive and negative effects of using the toilet just after eating a meal?
Why is spam food considered not healthy?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
My thighs are pretty big, how can I make them thinner and healthier?
Why do some dried figs taste strange?
What is the best bread for low-carb diet?
What is something that you have become allergic to as you have grown up? I cannot have eggs on an empty stomach (breakfast), but I could as a child.
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Do you think people should eat more fruits and vegetables?
What is it that you cannot eat for breakfast?
Is it true that most beans and grains contain a toxin that is harmful to our health, as advocated by one Dr. Gundy?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
What should be done with the pieces of fruits and vegetables left after drinking the detox water?
What's your easiest, healthiest meal to quickly feed a family of four?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
Can we eat bananas or any other fruits on an empty stomach?
Which is the most polarizing food?
What is breakfast? What else can we eat?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
Can someone make a keto diet for me? I am a vegetarian and don't eat too many vegetables like spinach or cauliflower. I can eat eggs though.
How does eating infrequent meals affect weight?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is it healthy to drink banana milk shake every day?
Can a person expect to live a healthy and long life by eating only vegetables and fruits for the whole of his life?
Why is daily sweating important for health?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Sometimes I tell myself that “starting tomorrow, I need to start my planned diet”, but I fail because I can't stop giving in to my appetite. What should I do?
If we eat Maggi noodles while we have diarrhea, will it affect us or not?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
What can you use (as a food substance) to replace carbs?
I am scared of healthy diet and drinking a lot of water in case we (human) run out of those things, how come?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
If eating animal products is bad, then why don't I get fat eating this?
Can organic food be an ideal food chart for kids?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
What are the benefits of cod liver oil and malt?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Should you eat before bed?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
What food is the most unhealthy?
Can a diabetic patient eat Revital?
Who are the best people to follow for a healthy vegan diet to shed fat?
Do you prefer cooking healthy at home or eating dinner out?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
How much fruits should one eat?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
Is everything we eat organic material?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
Where can I eat a good "impepata di cozze" in Bagnoli (Naples)?
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What are some North-Indian foods that are both healthy and tasty at the same time?
I'm 14 years old. How can I start having a healthy diet?
Should one eat Kurkure or not?
How much is the fitness trainer course fees in Gold's Gym Bangalore?
What could be the diet chart for an 18-year-old boy if he wants to lose weight?
What are some ways to lose 50 pounds in two weeks?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
What diet is there that a breastfeeding mama can follow?
Who are the healthiest athletes?
What can a diabetic patient eat daily?
Why do people carry bread or baguette without covers or packing?
Are green smoothies healthy?
Are there any healthy noodles?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
How do we overcome eating junk food?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
How can I stop eating a lot and lose fat?
Is Vegemite healthy?
Can I get diabetes from eating only one high-sugar-meal?
What are some healthy low sugar meal ideas for breakfast, lunch & dinner?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Is eating raw tortillas bad for you?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
Is diebetic chocolate good or bad for the pre-diabetic stage?
Does Abilify make you fat?
Can you lose weight by eating one meal a day?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
Should I eat less fruits and vegetables in order to have a snake-shaped stool instead of loose stools?
Is it possible to raise a healthy vegan dog?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
How dangerous is it to eat food out of a microwave that had chemicals sprayed in it?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How can I differentiate good from lesser quality brown bread?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
What is a healthy breakfast before an exam?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
What are fool-proof ways to preserve cut fruits & vegetables from rotting quickly after eating only a portion of say avocados, melons, mangoes, etc?
What can I do about overeating temptations after eating a meal, even a big meal? The temptations are a lot stronger then, than before eating.
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
How are Andrea’s meals unique from other meals?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is better for the health, a fruit or its juice?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the benefits of eating broccoli and cheese?
Is it bad to inhale too much rosemary oil directly?
Are there any university quick meals to make that you can recommend?
What should we do to make our school children healthier?
How can someone eat the same breakfast (with small variations) every single morning?
Should the US just ban fast food and invest on promoting organic foods in order to crush obesity and create healthier citizens?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain type of food? Read the description too.
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
What is the best health food for a picky eater?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
What are some healthy snack ideas that I can keep in my car?
Which are the almost necessary vegetables, fruits and diary products for survival-for a healthy man?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
How do I make pizza healthy yet remain cheesy and tasty?
Is most seafood from the Pacific contaminated by radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
I go to gym every day and I follow good diet, but I can't get rid of my tummy fat. It is really so big and it really bothers me. What should I do?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
What are all the ways you can eat chikoo?
Has the issue of vegetarianism versus non vegetarianism divided the society based on taste and preferences?
My family is not tolerant about a vegetarian diet. What can I do?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
How do you fuel for a run on a low-carb diet?
What are the disadvantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
How do know if I am eating more than I need?
Is sauerkraut considered healthy in Chinese Medicine?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Is it really unhealthy to drink water after having a meal?
What vegeterian diet should a normal Indian human follow?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
Why is dhana dal consumed after food in India?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
When fruits and vegetables are treated with lemon juice they don't undergo the browning effect. Why?
Is it okay to have green chili on an empty stomach?
What is a good oatmeal recipe for someone that doesn't like oatmeal?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
What is the eating schedule in the West?
How can I stay hydrated with food?
When deciding product names, what factors should be considered? As such, what's a good name for any healthy snack?
Is dining out bad for the health?
Do Muslims eat vegetables?
Is it bad to eat mud?
Why are we able to concentrate more when we eat light food, as compared to heavy food?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
How much weight will I be able to lose by removing soda from my diet?
What is your child's first choice of food?
How can you describe the benefits of eating raw zucchini?
Should I start eating breakfast and dinner again as a teen to lose fat and be healthy?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
What are some healthy late night snacks before sleeping?
If a rat eats part of a loaf of bread, is it advisable to remove the affected part and eat the rest of the bread?
Is raw garlic a natural antibiotic?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
What are some of the risks of eating uncooked quinoa?
What is the healthiest breakfast you can eat?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
How do I get people to answer health related survey with HIPAA compliance?
How do I increase protein content in milk through membrane technology?
What are some recommendations for a good diet?
Can sugar patients eat dates?
What should I do to lose belly fat? I’ve tried everything, drinking water and detox, doing exercise, eating healthy food, yet have seen no results.
What does it mean when I purposely punish myself with food when I am upset or angry by not eating or by eating things I shouldn't due to my health?
What food should you avoid to eating when your blood pressure is high?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
What will compel you to adopt organic foods in your day-to-day food purchase?
What is the biochemical process that makes eating fat bad for your heart and increasing cholesterol?
What are the pros and cons of eating raw peas?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
How do Sichuanese people stay so skinny even though their food is so oily?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Just how healthy are protein bars?
How healthy are Americans?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Will eating more fat and protein correct sunken eye hollows from cocaine?
Is it unhealthy eating chicken skin?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
What is the benefit of taking food vouchers and food cards as part of salary?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
What are the benefits of eating all the grass that you want?
What are the disadvantages of garlic?
Is it true that if you use your brain at its maximum you won't get fat no matter how much you eat?
How old do I have to be to purchase a food item with cash in Texas without a supervising adult?
How can I market for a healthy and natural juice store?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
What are the risks of eating culantro leaves?
Can we drink grape juice daily?
How can I diet and lose weight when I have school and and my mom makes meals that aren't healthy?
Is it unethical for charities to accept junk food donations?
What are legumes and nuts, and what are some examples?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
Can you suggest me some low carb foods?
Can I lose weight in 10 days? If yes, how?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
Is "detox diet" a real or made up concept?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Why does eating lots of fruits and vegetables make my stools big and really hard, when it should be the opposite?
What meal would you request if it’s your last day to live?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
What are the pros and cons of eating mangoes?
How did you implement drastic changes in your eating habits as a result of bad health or a medical diagnosis requiring you to do so?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
What's a proven place selling ecological, healthy fruit, veggies and other foods in Krakow?
Is drinking 1 beer per day during dinner an unhealthy habit?
Is it safe to eat the same meals for a month?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
Aside from smoking, how are the French so thin if they eat so much bread and pastries?
Which yogurt is the healthiest?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
How do I stop eating at/start eating way less and lose fat as a teenager?
Is it okay to eat pork everyday?
Prebiotics are non-digestible food ingredient like fibers, but a flour that has other ingredients beside its fiber, can be used as prebiotic too?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain types of food?
Is beer good for your health?
Can I make other vegetables ferment just like cabbage sauerkraut?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
I drink Amazing Grass Green Super Food everyday, do I still need to eat salad?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
What are the benefits of eating stink bugs?
Which can I eat to improve my capacity to think more than genius?
What kind of snacks do you love the most?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What does it mean to have a low K/Na ratio and how does that affect the body? How can one increase that ratio?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
What's a 1,200 high protein low carb diet?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Is Teem healthy for us?
How beneficial are drumstick seeds for our health?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
Is it as unhealthy to drink any liquid right after consuming food as we are used to thinking?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
Why is white bread so popular in America when there are so many tastier options?
How Hindus justify health benefits in drinking cow pee?
How many people like to eat snacks?
I weight 103kg but I eat healthy, I'm a triathlete and I've been told that I'm healthy. Should I be worried?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
Do you notice any difference after eating probiotics?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
What is the best diet chart for a kidney patient with creatinine level 10 and high cholesterol?
Is bone broth nutritious and healthy? What are some unique uses for bone broth?
What will happen if I start eating 10 spoons of ghee every day?
Is microwave-heated food good for the health?
What food is good for a badminton player?
How did your eating habits change when you moved out/alone?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
Why are your opinions on food challenges with extravagant portions?
What are the things one shouldn't do while eating?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
How do I improve my eating habits?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
What should be eaten for dinner that will help with IBS?
If you love to try a new food, do you ever read reviews or simply just walk into a restaurant?
Is it true that animal protein decreases the antioxidant power of green tea and that you should drink tea 2 hours before/after eating animal protein?
Is eating goat blood good?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
Do mice & roaches eat produce that is left out, especially those without thick skins, like apples, sweet potatoes, kiwis, etc.? If so, how do I prevent this?
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
Is it rude to pray before a meal in a restaurant?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
What are some spicy Italian food recipes?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
If me and my successors start eating grass from now, will our appendix redevelop?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
Is it necessary to follow the low carb high fat diet during intermittent fasting or can I eat whatever I want?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
Is it good to go for a health card?
I only want to eat one thing all the time, and so I barely eat. What causes this?
What is food preservation?
Does heating spices like turmeric or rosemary neutralize their health benefits like heating does to garlic for example?
What does a workout diet look like?
What changes should take place in terms of Uzbek eating habits?
What are the health benefits of cooking with fish oil?
How much ghee should I eat daily if I am skinny or fat?
Is soya sauce anti-inflammatory or healthy in any other way?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
Is it okay to make yourself throw up after eating junk food and big meals?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What foods give you comfort?
Are food preservatives good or bad?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
Why does a baby’s poop vary in color, consistency, and smell even though they eat the same thing for every meal?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
With the amount of toxins in fish, is eating fish healthy?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How would you respond to the statement, "I eat cows, but I don't eat octopus because the second one is more rational"?
What is the best Organic vegan meal replacement?
What grass can we eat to be healthy?
What food items are good for a thyroid patient?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
What are the consequences of eating uncured salami?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
What is a healthy and sustainable way to lose weight, a Keto diet or eliminating cereal and sugar but having recommended portions of other food groups?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia while being pregnant?
How can you do evening snacks?
What are ways to eat sprats?
Is eating healthy worth it?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
What are the health benefits of macadamia oil?
Why is a tangerine considered healthy?
Can eggs remain fresh out in the open? If so, for how many days?
Why doesn’t the human body digest levorotatory sugar?
How can I lose 100 pounds fast?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
What are some healthy deli meats?
How can you replace corn syrup with honey?
Is eating oatmeal every day healthy if you are strength training?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
What problems usually happen with vegans after 1-4 years of practising such diet?
If I love sweet and oily food, am I destined to be fat?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What is the healthiest non-veg. food in India?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
What are healthy foods for kidney disease?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
What is more unhealthy - potato chips or store-bought sweets?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
What are the dangers of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
What is modified palm oil that is in the cookie that I eat? Is it a hydrogenated oil? Is it a trans fat? Is it bad for the heart?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
Does vanilla contain gluten?
What is the 'healthiest' body fat percentage?
What are some healthy snacks for a type 2 diabetic?
What are the most common dangers of eating smoked meat frequently?
Which time is good for eating a banana?
Is eating raw soya chunks safe or harmful?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
Do Californians eat healthier than the rest of the U.S.?
Is it healthy to consume a bread omelet before having dinner? If not, what is the ideal time to have it?
What foods should I eat in the morning before going to the gym if I want to lose fat?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
What is the preferred food for every part of the human body?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
How much weight can I lose drinking only coffee?
Can you stretch your stomach (appetite increase) from one cheat meal?
Does brinjal contain fat?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
Are Goya black beans healthy for us?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
What is the safest and healthiest cookware and bakeware?
What is the best way to lose my lower-fat belly? What kind of diet I should do?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
How healthy is corn tortilla?
Can you eat garlic skin?
How much should a 12-year-old exercise daily? What should they eat to stay healthy if they weigh 105 lbs?
How do I increase fibre in food?
Is frozen eggy curry healthy after one day?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
Does eating banana help in your voice-overs?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Is the Everlasting Gobstopper made with natural or high fructose corn syrup?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
Why can't some people stand eating chili?
Is the processed food found in correctional facilities healthy?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
How can I measure the calories burned eating celery?
Do we live to eat or eat to live?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
While the world is searching for non-GMO food, who is funding research on GMO food?
Which food is bad for pregnant women?
How can I be determined in my diet?
How can you describe the health benefits of eating flounder daily?
Would you eat palolo if it was ever offered to you?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
Is it safe to eat raw Nutrela Soya Chunks?
Why does my stomach hurt so much after eating leafy green vegetables?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
Can I eat flavoured Quaker oatmeal for mono diets?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is a proper diet of a diabetic patient?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
Are cans with easy-open ring tabs worse for your health than the cans that must be opened with a can opener?
How long would it take to die if I stopped eating and simply drank water?
Is salt unhealthy?
Will the probability of you getting cancer decrease if you eat organic foods?
What are the food combinations to avoid?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
How many of you still like to taste baby food? Is it healthy for an adult to consume food specially made for kids?
What are the risks of eating bad bacon?
Why is peanut oil considered bad?
Do ants suffer from diabetes as their 90% of food intake is sweet?
How could I cut down the flab from my torso, without making any changes in my average Indian diet?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
What happens to a person that loses their will to eat?
What are the risks of eating raw zucchini?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
Why did you stop your diet?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Why is baked chicken considered healthy?
What should I eat or drink to avoid cramps?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
I’m starting to eat healthy at 25. Can I undo all the harm I’ve already done with my body?
What is a food or snack that you liked from your childhood but has changed its recipe and is not as good now?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
Which fresh fruit & vegetable juices or smoothies can you recommend I buy in store (UK) and which offers the most benefit?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What are the unique eating habits of thin people?
How can I make good instant oatmeal?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What gastronomies used flaxseeds before health industry populated it?
Is cheese healthy when you’re trying to lose weight?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
How does food drop work in London?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
Which fruits and vegetables do I eat to become really strong physically as well as mentally?
Should we be concerned when eating cereals and foods that contain tripotassium phosphate?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
What foods ferment in your stomach?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
What is the best way to eat raw avocado?
What is the healthiest cultural food?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
What are some of the healthiest foods at Panera?
Why don't we want to eat when we're depressed?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
As a type 2 diabetic, what are the best 5 foods you have found that have helped your condition?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
What is oatmeal made of?
What are extinct fruits and vegetables?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What should I eat to properly fuel myself for 4 track events?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What is the best food for runners to eat?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What food we should eat to live long life?
What are the dangers of eating zebra mussels?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Is there a way to lose an inch of fat in less than a week? I am going on holiday in six days and I want to lose thigh and belly fat.
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
Is it likely that there are micronutrients we haven't discovered yet?
What are the risks of eating pork with worms in it?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
What are some easy, healthy meals to make as a student?
What are some small green vegetables?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
Is there any “proof” that vegans are healthier?
Is it advisable to eat fruits along with dry fruits?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Is popcorn a healthy snack?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the best food for a diabetic?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
How much protein should I eat per day for each of the following: fat loss, muscle gain and no-workout times?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
How do world hotdog eating contestants manage to eat so many hotdogs?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
What are some examples of foods with caffeine?
Would you consider 2 cups of milk coffee instead of 1 cup of black coffee? Is it too acidic or healthy?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What is the menu for Jet Airways’ complimentary meals?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
What are some easy on the go ways to remember not to overeat? I always eat more than healthy in the moment.
Why don't high proteins diets work?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
What are the options for healthy vegetarian ready made breakfast for students?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
What is the truth about eggs? I have high cholesterol and quit eating eggs years ago. Now I hear that eggs are good for everyone. Is it so?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
Is it healthy to eat donuts for breakfast?
Is rasayna churna is good for health? What are the benefits of rasayna churna? Is it good for daily use?
Do you know why we should not eat raw bread?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
Is food security in the US really better when the food is so processed and bad for you?
What are some of the negative effects of over eating?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
What is the healthiest type of noodles?
How do I eat garlic bread?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
What are the benefits of eating fresh mozzarella while pregnant?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
Can I buy ingredients for homemade bone broth from a regular supermarket without a butcher section?
Do you have any good ideas about low-glycemic and anti-inflammatory meals?
Keeping in view the nature of a desk job which results in tummy protuberance, what is an ideal dinner diet for a normal IT professional?
What are the nutritional benefits of salmon caviar?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What are the advantages of eating boiled burgers?
Is it cheaper to live as a vegetarian or on a diet that includes meat?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Which is healthier: vegan or paleo?
How is meal prep useful? Don't the meals go bad during the week?
Is it bad to eat chocolate everyday?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
How much apple cider juice is too much, and is it bad for you?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
What are some examples of foods that help with concentration?
What are the main and most important health benefits of Bay leaves?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
Is V8 "green" juice just as good as eating vegetables?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
Can a BP patient eat mint?
Should food banks be required to give people healthy choices, instead of white bread and spaghetti?
Are there any foods that you prefer to eat after the expiration date?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
What is the best food to eat in the summer for one’s health?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Which gives the best results for weight loss, a low-carb diet and weights or running and a low-carb diet?
Is it easier for a teenager (14) to lose weight on a low carb diet?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
What is the method to eat oats?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
What are the risks of the sashimi diet?
What are the benefits of eating javelina boar?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
What are the eating habits of the people of Quora?
What are the best snack foods to maximise height potential?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Is Pepsi really very bad for my health if I consume only 300ml of it daily?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
What is a good real organic health food store online for many different foods?
What will happen to my body if I always eat two uncooked eggs?
Is it true that glycemic index of oats changes with the processing method? What is the GI of steel cut, cold roller press and finely ground oats?
Do any people on Quora follow a low FODMAP diet on a permanent basis?
What is the difference between steel cut oats and regular oatmeal?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
If it’s 1 am and I want to eat badly, where should I go to have some tasty food?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
Why are food items rated in terms of kilocalories?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Are there health benefits to our bodies producing phlegm?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
Being a vegetarian, what certain foods should I be eating everyday to maintain a healthy body and mind?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
Can I survive while eating nothing but bread and canned tuna?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Can I drink coffee while eating orange?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
Which foods have gotten worse in your lifetime?
Why do we soak dates in water before eating them?
Is chicken beneficial for health?
How are meal replacement products helpful for diabetic patients?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
If GM foods become mainstay, which companies will benefit?
Which basic spice is bad for your health?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Should we drink juice/eat fruits before food or after food/breakfast/dinner?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What diet is good for the brain?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
Can a person survive on just fruits and vegetables?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
Should popcorn be reintroduced as a breakfast cereal?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
Why is seafood salad healthy?
What can I eat before I masturbate?
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Do men watch their food diets?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
Are there any Muslims in India who eat or have eaten camel meat? If yes how did it taste like?
How can a human body stay warm for several days without eating, hence, without energy income?
What are the benefits of eating garlic bread and garlic salt once a week?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
What should I eat if I am going out to eat, so as to not to increase belly fat?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
How is dry powdered peanut butter made and is it completely safe to eat?
What are some useful Indian cooking tips?
How can I stop eating a lot and get skinny as a teenager?
What are some suggestions for low carb food for a picnic?
Are 5 to 6 almonds daily good for your health?
What is the best breakfast diet to lose belly fat?
Does raw cacao have any real benefits? Some people call it a "superfood", but I haven't found any evidence to support that.
What are the risks of eating garlic bread with garlic salt on a daily basis?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Which foods are bad for asthmatics?
What does it mean when you're hungry, but you really don't feel like eating?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
Why are fresh, good quality fruits and vegetables not available in Ahmedabad and most parts of India nowadays?
Does turmeric reduce inflammation even if your diet is unhealthy?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
Is it possible to live your whole life drinking only your favorite 100% natural freshly made juice?
What are the dangers of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Why should coconut palm sugar be used?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
How does Fish-n-Chips differ from Filet-o-Fish meal?
If someone eats a meal with ants, what would happen to the human body?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
Is chicken bad for your health?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
Can I substitute artificial sweeteners for sugar?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
Is mac and cheese healthy?
What is a healthy easy alternative for pizza pockets for breakfast?
Why do parents give processed & packed food items to small kids when it is clearly mentioned that it contains many preservatives?
What happens if I drink raw vegetable juice or fruit juice everyday instead of eating other food?
Are expectations healthy?
Why are red potatoes considered healthy?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What is the most healthy oil for deep frying food?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Is there a substitute for papaya in the GM Diet?
Why does dieting fail?
What are the benefits of cooking with cinnamon?
Could there be health effects from being too muscular?
What are the benefits of camote leaves?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
Why should we not eat cucumbber at night?
What are some of the strangest food combinations?
How healthy is Ethiopian food?
If your last meal was happening in 3 hours, what would you eat and why? Who would you want to eat with?
Can we keep fruits and raw vegetables together​?
What is the best diet for housewives?
How good is the juice business?
What are the highly demanding agricultural produce (vegetables and fruits) in the modern society?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
I'm trying to lose weight. Would this be a good diet plan to lose weight?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What are the advantages of the Activia diet?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
Is there any health value if I grind white or red beans to a powder state? And how do I intake it?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What's the difference between cold pressing and slow juicing?
Can I reduce my weight by skipping my dinner instead of eating fruits?
Does blending fruits and vegetables in to a smoothie take away the benefits of the fiber?
What is the healthiest recipe you have ever prepared?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What are the risks of eating lychee fruit during pregnancy?
What is an online health food store that is organic, or close to it?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
Why aren’t patients allowed to eat or drink immediately after surgery?
Why don't I get full when I’m eating breakfast? I'm not even that hungry. It's more of an empty feeling.
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
Is eating animals and plants moral, considering that both are likely sentient and experience emotion and pain?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
What are some healthy recipes for people with ulcers?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
I will start my vegan diet. Lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, avocado with honey mustard dressing. Can I lose weight when I eat this everyday?
What is a good way to get protein in a vegan diet?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
Is cheese a dairy product?
How good is it to bench every day?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Is it safe to eat crab legs while being pregnant?
Can I eat bread that was in the same oven as melted plastic?
What are some of the most nutritious yet cheap meals to cook?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are English peas good for?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
How do the popularities of vegan, gluten-free, and Paleo diets compare?
Is it harder or easier to create a food-item that normally costs a little more?
Does eating a certain diet help you be spiritually more pure?
What are disadvantages of good health?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
What are the dumplings' name that you can eat for breakfast in Taiwan street?
Are there any advantages or disadvantages to eating raw cannabis?
Is there any harm in passing through an X-ray gate once a day, six days per week, if I am inside a car? Will there be any harmful consequences?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Could humans survive primarily on a diet of mushrooms?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
What are the benefits of eating chorizo (sausage) while being pregnant?
What can I do to start liking vegetables?
What is thedifference between molasses and jaggery?
Is filet mignon healthy?
Is a cup of tea good for our health?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
What's the most physically heavy food per bite before you eat it?
Why am I skinny even though I eat food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
Why is dill pickle juice considered good for you?
Is eating several kilograms of fruit daily harmful for your health?
Is fruit cultivated for sweetness?
What are some good, easy snacks to make at night?
Is alcohol classed as a food item in the US?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
What would be a perfect finger food item at a winter business lunch?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
There is a saying, "Only people with a taste for good food or who eat well have a good chance of being good cooks." Is this true?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
What are some suggestions for healthy and easy summer drinks using a small number of ingredients?
How should my partner and I split food expenses given the fact that I eat more than her?
What are the health benefits of Limoncello?
Why do humans regurgitate some foods?
How do I make boiled vegetables?
Which works better, gym or diet?
What do I do if I miss a meal?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What are the benefits of eating gluten free carrot soup?
Is it safe to eat salmon bought from UK supermarkets despite the recent threat of Lepeophtheirus salmonis?
What are some ideas of foods to eat before going to bed for weightloss?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
How come date fruit stays good for longer?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
What is the initial diet?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Why does my brother eat all the time but never get fat?
Why are lychees considered good for you?
What happens if you eat after 7 PM?
How is cold pressed juice better than normal juice?
How do you eat a pineapple the right way?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What should a person eat after an appendectomy?
Why are American breakfasts so full of sugar?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Some people get gassy after eating beans, others don't. What is the difference in how the beans are processed by their stomachs?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What are the three easiest healthy vegan meals I can prepare at home?
Do you have a cost effective, healthy shake/smoothie recipe I could make & drink everyday?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
What would chefs out there think of my tuna pasta recipe? Can I have some comments, suggestions, or tips?
What is your favorite snack that you enjoy?
What happens if sauerkraut is not completely submerged during fermentation?
Why do people say Chinese street food is not good for the health, as it is made with Ajinomoto in it? Does it harm you if it is made with Ajinomoto?
If you are coeliac and you accidentally eat gluten, should you eat nothing after that, or a lot of non-gluten food?
What are the best home-cooked recipe channels on YouTube and Facebook for international grad students in the US?
How much Spirulina should I put in my morning smoothie?
Does eating dry fruits help in weightloss?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
How can I stop eating junk food as a teenager?
How effective is the sashimi diet to lose weight?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
Does Yaz make you fat?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
How does your palate change over time?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
Is it good to eat the same dishes every day, even if they are well-balanced?
I run 2 km everyday, what should be my diet plan so that I could be able to reduce my side fats?
What is the best healthy food that can improve the collagen in your skin naturally?
What are the benefits of eating salad everyday?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What should men eat so that their body produces semen faster?
What should a long jumper eat?
Should we drink water immediately after meals?
What are the advantages of papain?
Is there any possible way to control cancer? I mean not to cure it, but only controlling the level of cell multiplication.
What are good exercises and diet for hand and finger strength?
What's healthy at Red Rooster?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
Is it good to eat bananas on an empty stomach?
What do I eat to improve my skin elasticity?
Should you eat only when your stomach rumbles to maintain weight?
Are Kellogg's Bran Flakes healthy?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
How can I lose 10lbs in 3 months?
Can we eat eggs with lassi?
Can we have only vegetables instead of breakfast? Which are the best Indian vegetables?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
Can fruits be eaten at night before bed?
What happens if I use a blender to substitute for chewing food at every meal?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
What's the healthy eating for fatty liver?
Can humans metabolize vegetables?
How can I be healthier when I work so much?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
How can I stop eating a lot to lose fat as a teen?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
Why is chocolate milk good for you?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Are cookies healthy?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
Is it okay to get staphylococcus in a canned ready-to-eat food product?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
How unhealthy are burgers?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
Is it permissible to eat hotel breakfast buffet a number of times in a single day?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Why is gyro meat considered healthy?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
Can milk be used as post workout drink?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
Is it cheaper to live as a vegetarian or on a diet that includes meat?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
What are some great healthy meals a beginner cook can make at home?
I have a breakfast interview, which coffee should I order and should I eat something?
What is safe for me to eat after a frenectomy?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
When do people really deserve to be called "fit" or "healthy"?
How important is it that people know which country the food they eat comes from?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the health benefits of eating deep fried hash browns every day?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
Is it good to drink green tea right after dinner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
How much aspartame can one consume?
What happens when we eat too much pizza in a single day?
What are some tasty foods you can make in survival conditions?
What do Chinese people consider to be healthy breakfast foods, and why?
Is the raw superfood bar market growing?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
What should a person eat before an appendectomy?
How is a fasting lipid profile performed?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
What's a good preworkout snack?
Where is a good place to get a summer job if I love making health food?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
How do I overcome distorted thoughts about food?
Can I reduce my weight by skipping my dinner instead of eating fruits?
Why do we eat more?
Is fried dough, or 油条, considered healthy in China?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Why is white bread and rice so popular globally compared to their whole grain counterparts?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
What are all allowed to eat in Paleo diet?
What's your favorite way of eating fruit?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What's the healthiest fast food restaurant in the market?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
Is basmathi rice healthier than normal ponni rice?
What can I add to 1 slice of white bread?
Can anyone see anything wrong with eating 600g of tomatoes in a day on the odd occasion?
Why are diabetic patient advised to take their own urine?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
Why do I get sleepy even after a low-carb lunch?
Is a head bath good if done daily?
What are some tasty vegetarian dishes that can be made without frying or even without using an air fryer?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
How do you control what you eat?
What happens if a diabetic stops eating sugar?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
Is it good to have raw vegetables during night time?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
What happens if I eat clean at maintenance?
Why am I addicted to eating sugar?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
What are some easy and healthy breakfasts that a hostelite can make?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
Is drinking buttermilk (chaas) daily good/bad for one’s health?
What are some healthy oatmeal brands?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
What special diet should Irish dancers have?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
What percentage of the adult population needs to be told what to do on a daily basis, beyond eating, sleeping, pooping and sex?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
Where do you go shopping for food for your family?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
What do the majority of scientific studies conclude about when and how much we should we eat?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
What bread is suitable to eat after having liposuction?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Is Quaker oatmeal laced with pesticide?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
What are some of the most nutritious yet cheap meals to cook?
What are the benefits of eating dragon fruit?
What diet is the best to get clean, fairer skin and to reduce a big stomach?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
What are the natural foods to stay fresh and energetic during summers?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Can I eat space salt?
What are the nutritional benefits of eating salmon patties with crackers?
How much kale do you eat per day?
Why should we eat healthy food?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
How often can I eat fast food while trying to gain healthy weight?
What foods must I avoid to lower blood pressure?
What if I drink only a banana shake (.5 kg) daily as breakfast? Is that good or bad?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
When is the best time to eat vegetables?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
What are some good substitutes for rolled oats?
Is it OK to eat 4 meals instead of 3 meals according to Chinese medicine?
How can I overcome the craving to eat fast food all the time?
When did Americans start eating salads?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
What hacks can help remind me to pray every time before taking a meal?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
Are broilers healthy?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
How can a cafe (UK) receive a food hygiene rating of 5 when they slide food items across the counter, touch food with hands, and leave food out all day?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
Can you eat boiled eggs while you are sick with a fever?
Why should we eat green beans?
What liquid goes best with rolled oats?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
Is it good to eat an apple every day in the Indian climate?
What percent of calories are absorbed from eating raw quinoa (vs cooked quinoa)?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
What are the benefits of eating 1 slice of white bread a day?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
Does turmeric reduce inflammation even if your diet is unhealthy?
Which food is good for health during summer?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
Which have more fats: chapati or boiled rice?
They say oatmeal is the ultimate cholesterol lowering food. Does that hold true for oatmeal cookies?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
What are the health benefits of drinking a glass of water right after you wake up?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Why are Welch's Fruit Snacks considered healthy?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What are the benefits of eating a chunk of cheese daily?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
How do I keep my health good?
Does it matter how bad I eat if I can flush it all out with water?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
Should we drink water immediately after meals?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
Why do the majority of people have chapati/rice with their daily meal?
What is the best way to prevent the 2-nonenal smell from developing as one ages? Is there a certain diet one should follow or a lifestyle to adhere to?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
If a vegan diet is an all around better diet (for consumer and environment), why isn't it (information and food) made more accessible?
If a person is diabetic and a cancer patient, what diet should he follow?
What should the vegetarian diet be for muscle growth?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
What are the nutritional benefits of Wheat Thins honey mustard?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
What are the benefits of eating fast food during pregnancy?
What are some healthy pre made lunch options to take to work?
Can I eat masala dosa while on diet?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
What are some healthy and tasty dishes I can give my 2 year baby to eat?
Is it good for diabetic persons to eat rice made items in a day?
I eat an incredible amount but I still remain skinny. How can I gain weight?
What are the benefits of eating peach seeds?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
What are people's reactions to you when you say you drink Soylent?
What are some simple green leafy vegetable salad recipes for everyday consumption?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
What is an example of a normal, healthy dinner?
What are the health risks of eating raw meat and eggs?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
What is thedifference between molasses and jaggery?
Is grape juice good for health and what is the time we should drink any fruit juice eg. after meals or in the morning or in afternoon?
I prefer to eat by myself during lunch. What does that say about me?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is a cup of tea good for our health?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
What happens if we have a habit of eating raw rice?
Can a human body ever recover from the damages of an unhealthy eating lifestyle?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
What's the most physically heavy food per bite before you eat it?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
How fast do results from eating right and working out start to show?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
What are the foods eaten to increase sperm quantity?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
Why can't US school cafeterias serve healthy food like in Japan?
Is peanut good for diet?
What would happen if fruits & vegetables spoke?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
Where can I find good healthy recipes for snacking?
Does dieting really affect your body?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
What is the no bread diet?
How can I make young coco juice?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
Is gluten-free wheat OK for someone with glucose malabsorption?
Why do people refuse to eat apples after dinner?
Is it possible for canned foods to have no preservatives?
Does eating Dhokala in dinner everyday create any health issue?
What are your weekend meal plans?
Is having tea just after lunch good for your health?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
What is a good healthy recipe to bring to a party?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
How do you make healthy ginger dressing?
What are the risks of eating fast food during pregnancy?
What is the original recipe to make oatmeal?
Is there a substitute for papaya in the GM Diet?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
What ingredient is in normal brown bread that makes us put on weight?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
Is eating rice as a main meal rather than a side dish the reason why Asians are smaller sized than Westerners?
Is there such a thing as healthy fruit juice?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
Do you bargain with small street vendors and fruit & vegetable sellers?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the diet plan for bodybuilding with Indian vegetarian food?
Singapore's food is pretty expensive. Are there any food places that sell food for a student's pocket?
If you eat unhealthy for 3 years and you lose 3 inches, can you grow three inches by eating healthy and stretching?
Why am I not eating well lately?
What is the perfect diet for weight loss for veggies?
I juice fresh veggies (with a tad of fruit) each evening to avoid snacking. What health benefits can I expect internally and externally?
Is organic food better for you? Should everyone move to eating organic foods?
Do I eat a meal before or after taking Adderall?
Can you survive only eating?
Is chicken beneficial for health?
What would be the best diet for a 1-year-old French bulldog?
Why should we not eat cucumbber at night?
What's best? Washing your fruit with soap and water or just plain water?
What are the best smoothies for diabetics?
What are the health concerns (both good and bad) for Korean food, especially regarding the high sugar and heavy drinking?
Which foods can greatly improve your skin if they’re eaten regularly?
Are there cheap/fast healthy food options to eat at lunchtime? I have almost no time. I work in an office and I want to stop eating fast food.
If your last meal was happening in 3 hours, what would you eat and why? Who would you want to eat with?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
Is Canada’s food resource production healthier than the U.S.? I.e Pesticide overuse, CAFO’s, GMO’s, etc.?
What can I eat to lower blood sugar?
What are the disadvantages of eating peach seeds?
I do track and cross country, eat to my hunger cues, and eat a generally healthy and varried diet, why am I still so fat?
What is something that I can have with me that whenever I feel like eating something I can eat it, which will give me at least some sort of energy?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
How do I control hunger pangs caused by stress? What healthy (vegetarian) food habits would you suggest for people in sedentary jobs?
What will happen to your appearance when you stop eating candy?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
Is Biona peanut butter healthy?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
Are there any negative health implications if you consume an expired food item?
How can I tell when my leftovers are no longer safe to eat?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What are some healthy vegetarian food to make in India that men can make easily?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
Can I get only boiled diet?
Is drinking tea or lassi in an earthen pot (kulhad) healthy?
What if I eat fast food once per week? Am I still okay?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
How can I reduce the formation of carcinogens when steaming fish? I currently use a garlic turmeric paste that I glue to the fish before coating it in rosemary.
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
What was the nastiest food you've had to eat?
How do I stop over eating and develop healthy eating habits?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
What food items will be provided in Shatabdi?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Why does my stomach stick out after I eat?
How do you chop nuts?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
Is it healthy to drink amla with lemon juice?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
Can people with diabetes eat candy?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
Is it actually bad to eat dry ice?
Is cheese good for children?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
What are the top organic food distributors in the USA and EU?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
What are the dangers of not eating after 7pm?
Did construction workers really eat lunch sitting on high steel beams?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
Is avocado toast healthy?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
Are oranges healthy for dogs?
What diet can increase calcium?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
Is there an alternative for brinjal (eggplant) that will give me the same nutrients?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in Chennai?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
What can I do with my mouth instead of eating?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
Is there a proper term for a meat and cheese tray?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
What rice brand is good for diabetes?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
Is it dangerous to drink water right after a meal?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
How much feces does a human produce daily, and how much would twice that amount be?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
What are some examples of foods that contain caffeine?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
If drinking water during meals messes up digestion, won't it help you lose weight if you're not successfully digesting and absorbing the nutrients?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Why is Apple juice considered bad for you?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
What other healthy thing can replace cheese in a pizza?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
Are humans still capable of eating raw meat?
What can you tell me about blood type diets?
Why are some eggs tastier than others?
Where can we buy soya beans?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
How does chow mein affect our health?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
Which food should men avoid?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
What foods have the highest satiety to calorie ratio?
Could very spicy food be dangerous?
How is bad spelling related to bad pronunciation?
Why does my child eat dirt?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
Which cooking oil is best to live the healthiest life?
What meal should I eat when I have chicken pox?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
What is the best diet chart for losing weight?
What used to be at the location where Whole Foods will be at 125 St and Lenox?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Has anyone stopped eating sushi because mercury has been found in both big and small fish (but mostly in big ones)?
When did you realize that diet wasn't working and you had to do stomach reduction surgery?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
How is epigamia?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
What diet should a man take after complete recovery from jaundice?
You are very hungry and someone offers you a loaf of bread. You are about to consume it, but another hungry beggar asks for the same. What would you do?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Is drinking your own urine healthy?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Is eating apples not good for one with diabetes? Most fruits are sweet in taste, so which fruits are highly recommended for type-2 diabetes?
Why do people have allergies to certain foods?
How can I have a healthier and good looking skin?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
How should I care for my teeth after eating food with vinegar, such as salad dressing?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Why is cholesterol important?
What type of food can we eat to increase our height?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
Is black coffee good for your health? If yes, then when should we consume it?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
Is chicken considered "tuna of the land"?
What should I do if I'm hungry and only half an hour is left for dinner to be ready?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
Are Malaysian food and dessert addicts crazy enough to drive a long distance just to try out the foods?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
What is the edible part of pear, since it is a false fruit?
Is flaxseed expensive?
What is the most favourite food in your country?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
What do people with clear skin eat on a typical day?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
What is the best fruit for all season?
What are Magnolias used for, and what are the health benefits?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
What are the disadvantages of following a fish and vegetables diet?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
Have you ever gone to bed hungry? Are there times when you didn't know where your next meal would come from?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in India?
What are the DASH diet macros?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
What are the most foods famous available in PURI?
Will eating only fruits eventually cause diabetes and cancer?
What are the best natural things for healthy skin?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
How can a vegan obese meet their daily protein requirement?
How do I identify that the mango is naturally ripen or artificially?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
What foods burn fat?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
What are some examples of hard fruits?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
What foods cause the most gas?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
Why is buttermilk considered healthy?
What food should be eaten by beginner racers in India?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
How much black cherry juice should you drink in a day?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
What are the occasions and their related food in your country?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
Where is Tampico juice made?
Is the dark meat near the skin in salmon safe to eat?
Can you eat steak with braces?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How do I fill my big stomach with zero calories or low calories?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
When is the best time to eat dessert, and how do I make it healthier (to keep from spiking blood sugar)?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
Can I eat grain meal if I have chicken pox?
What happens if I eat spicy food when I have chicken pox?
How can I eat more protein?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
Which food is good for health in children?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
Does eating healthier help you lose weight or actual fat?
Are bananas healthy for dogs?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
Why should a vitiligo patient avoid milk?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
What if there were no health consequences at all to being anything from emaciated to infinitely obese?
Can I eat mangoes if I have a cold and a cough?
What should I eat chicken with?
How do you wait in between meals?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is there any side effect of a balanced diet?
How can I still have enough energy to perform well in football when on a diet?
Is it possible to be happy and have higher focusing power without eating good food or by only eating bad food (i.e., only bad carbs) and doing cardio workouts?
What are some healthy overnight recipe for breakfast?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
Why am I craving ice cream today?
What's the most nutritious diet for avoiding bread and sugar?
Why did Luther go to Wartburg after the Diet of Worms?
What are the health benefits of eating banana pancakes?
How do I find a good health and nutrition coach?
What can you do to keep yourself away from harm as long as food is concerned?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
What is an 8-day diet plan to avoid gas formation in the stomach?
Will my cholesterol level be high if I eat a dozen eggs a day?
How can I eat healthy and lose weight as a very picky eater?
Will toasting whole wheat bread make it healthier?
How can I train myself to stop reaching for snacks and munching throughout the day?
How do nuts and raisins differ?
Which one is the healthiest, pizza or a burger?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
What are the dangers of eating modified corn starch?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
What is a food you cannot eat ever again after a bad experience?
I always feel bad after eating and I am also very concerned about my weight. Are these signs of eating disorders?
Does brown rice cause gas?
Is it bad to eat bread that has seeds in it?
What can I do in a year to look much younger and healthy?
What nutritional value does whole wheat bread provide?
Which one is better for breakfast: oatmeal or smoothie?
How nutritious is omena fish?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
Are all artificially sweetened beverages (example Crystal Light) as bad for your body as diet soda?
How does stopping a diet plan from time to time help in its ongoing success for overall weight loss?
Should I eat lemons, if I have a cold?
Which type of eating habit (vegan, omnivorous, occasionally eat meat, etc) is proven healthiest (low disease rate, long life expectancy) for humans?
What´s a low carb, low calorie snack that´s not veggies?
What quantity of cow urine is admissible in a daily diet according to Hinduism?
Why do people criticise me for eating right and following a strict diet?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
What are some foods most people don't know are unhealthy?
I’m sick with walking pneumonia. What natural food can I eat?
Is it okay to have chicken fingers as dinner?
Which is a healthier option for a light snack after almost 6 hours of fasting, an apple or a handful of salted peanuts?
How much walnut oil should I take?
How do carnivores such as lions get enough nutrients given that they lack a balanced diet since they don't eat vegetables?
Why should we eat a wide variety of foods?
If your weight is above 90, what diet should you follow?
What's the best 1300 calorie diet plan?
How much healthier is pasteurized vegetable juice compared to raw juice?
What is the reason for high blood sugar when no carbs are being consumed at all?
How does Vivek Mittal resist his temptation to eat junk food?
Do you think people consume organic food to pretend they are aware of global issues or by genuine interest in their health and environnement?
If you could only eat 10 foods for a well-balanced diet, what would they be?
What should a healthy diet for children include?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
What's a good way to increase willpower against a bad diet?
What happens to someone who doesn't eat a wide variety of foods?
How do you avoid becoming hungry when taking on a healthier diet to lose weight?
Why is diet soda so fattening?
Can I replace regular daily meals with powdered meals like Joylent, without having health issues in the long term?
Are human eggs edible?
What is a nice meal in summer in Maharashtra?
How much should you eat per meal?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What is the perfect diet for a diabetic person?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
What are the health benefits of eating protein pancakes?
Is eating ice unhealthy?
What's the right proportion of vegetables and fruits at each meal?
Are All European people eating organic food?
Can acidic foods be healthy?
What are examples of breakfast foods?
Is junk food in the US tastier or more addicting than in other countries?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
What are the disadvantages of heat-and-eat meals?
What snacks are good for the health?
What is it like to be a food responder (which means that you retrieve food from farmers and give it to food banks/other nonprofit)?
Are vegans’ environmental and ethical arguments proven to be true? Also, Is it true that we don't need meat— even in moderation— to be healthy?
Is loving to eat healthy food as a teenager normal?
How do I avoid the urge to drink water during meals?
Should I only cut my calories or eat healthy as well?
What food is low glycemic, and how do I follow a low-glycemic diet to delay type 2 diabetes?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
Does the amount of sugar you consume add up weekly or daily?
Which food is considered unhealthy?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
How easily can 3500-4000 calories in 3 meals a day be as a HFHC mostly raw vegan?
How much can someone eat before they explode?
Is eating white rice healthier, than eating white bread?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
What are the health benefits of eating tuber vegetables?
Are feta cheese and kalamata olives safe to eat every day?
How does the danger of eating raw food come about? Would I have to eat it frequently or only once? I’m asking for a sibling who used to sometimes eat raw food.
What is raw egg good for?
What are some tips for a healthy diet?
Can you really eat unlimited pasta on the Slimming World diet?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
Which diet has the scientific proof to support that it increases life expectancy without illnesses? Is it vegan, moderate meat/dairy, vegetarian?
Consider the maxim “When eating breakfast, one ought to only eat müsli.” Could it be universalized?
How is a green apple good to eat?
What are some of the tastiest foods in this universe?
Do I still need to add fat to my diet if I eat foods naturally high in fat?
How do I let people know about a food event?
How do I convince my friend that going 28 days without eating will not "cleanse her body"?
What is considered to be a lavish meal?
Does ant killer powder cause any harm to us if we eat it?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
What should we eat for a balanced diet?
What's healthier for losing weight, cashews or peanuts?
What diet plan/lifestyle should you follow if you have a slow metabolism?
Can avocado be included in a gout diet?
What nutritional habits or diets do fitness instructors and trainers follow?
When is good time for taking medicine for diabetes, i.e., before or after a meal, and how much time before or after a meal?
If I eat a 2000 calorie meal, does my body process if differently than five 400 calorie meals throughout the day?
Is the Sardinian Cannonau wine actually extra healthy?
Can I have a 5000 calorie cheat meal every week by following a 1500 calorie diet plan?
Is Epigamia Greek yogurt healthy?
How long will take it me to get used to a lower calorie intake diet?
What diet plans are you using to lose weight?
What’s the diet chart for my 4 year old son?
How can two people eat healthy on a $200 budget?
What did you realize about food and eating habits so that you have never gained weight again?
Are you likely to eat paleo food for breakfast?
Is the Paleo Diet recommended?
What is the perfect food against cancer?
Where can I buy makoi juice?
Is it healthy to drink the water used to soak beans?
What are the risks of eating tilapia during pregnancy?
What are the dangers of eating outdated yogurt?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Why do we soak walnuts before eating them?
If someone went eight days without eating, how would their eating habits look when they finally eat again?
How do I stop being hungry aside from eating?
What would happen if I didn't eat for 7 days, only water?
Should human eat to live or live to eat?
How can I make a meal using only canned goods?
What is the best diet plan or a way to lose tummy fat?
Can I eat dates when bodybuilding? Since they contain a lot of sugar, I’m a little bit confused about whether I should eat them or not.
What are the worst foods for skin?
How bad is one small caramel candy when on a low-carb diet, even though I won't cross my max carb intake (in low carb days, its 50g)?
What is caloric deficit diet?
What are some easy and healthy chicken recipes?
What is best diet to improve the body’s metabolism?
What is the ideal diet for a person with no stomach?
Are there any websites that deliver food and snack in bulk in the UK?
What's the best meal replacement powder?
How much weight can I lose in a month by healthy eating and drinking water?
Which one is best for health, bread or butter?
What company does wholesale on healthy snacks?
What are the pros and cons of eating sunflower seeds?
How can I change my diet to become more androgynous?
What are some meals to make that taste good, are easy to make, and preferably healthy?
How should you be eating if you are trying to get faster and burn fat?
Can we eat small sized chicken eggs? Are they healthy to eat?
What should I eat for breakfast? I'm very fussy about food and therefore deficient in nutrients.
What constitutes a healthy diet for breastfeeding mothers?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
Are there any healthy benefits of honey (Processed one) available at any supermarket shelf?
Why is it advised not to drink water just after having meal?
How healthy is having sattu in the morning?
How can I stop the habit of drinking water while I'm eating?
Can I eat, or should I leave, the decoration’s vegetables on my dish at restaurants?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
Do non-organic veggies have a lot of pesticide residues?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
What are some examples of heat-and-eat meals?
What foods should you avoid while on Adderall?
Why is peanut oil bad for you?
How many calories is a loaf of Italian bread?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
If foods rich in protein come along with carbs more than protein, then how can I eat more protein than carbs?
Does losing weight make you feel cold?
What's healthier for losing weight, whole grain bread or whole wheat bread?
What are two reasons as to why fast food is unhealthy?
Why do I feel so ill whenever I try to improve my diet?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
My wife brought home chalupas, but I was planning on eating healthy today. What should I do?
An iridologist told me I need to exclude gluten and dairy from my diet completely and immediately. I'm skeptical. What would you suggest?
What are the dangers of eating chocolate with cherries inside?
What is healthier, broccoli or cauliflower?
Why doesn't the musk melon taste as sweet as it smells?
Which one produces more oil, groundnut or soya beans?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
Is eating sand good for you?
How much food should you eat for breakfast?
Is sweating good for health?
If you eat 6 bananas a day, what will happen to your body?
If you were starved of food for 4-5 days and then you were given food you disliked, would your body make you like the food?
Why is organic sugar considered better?
What is the importance of food microbiology?
What is shortening, and how healthy is it for cooking?
What’s the damage of 10 days of vacation and carefree eating?
What should I do with a jar of kombucha and SCOBY that's been left in the fridge for a very long time?
What are the healthiest peppers?
Is Vajrasana beneficial on an empty stomach?
Is it good for our health if we masturbate every day?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
How many soya chunks does 100g contain?
Which is healthier, standing up or sitting down?
How do I stop thinking about food and eating as a teen?
What is a gluten-free diet? How does it affect your health?
Is nougat healthy?
Is it part of Hinduism to eat healthy?
How healthy is eating deviled eggs?
What diet should I follow to get a bigger bum on a budget?
Why do people follow a fish and vegetables diet?
How do Punjabis stay healthy & fit?
How can low-fat cooking oil make breakfast healthier?
What are the benefits of eating charcoal biscuits?
What can a person eat who has pancreatitis?
Will mixing alkaline foods with acidic foods make the alkaline foods lose its healthy potential?
Is it healthy to eat watermelon?
What are some really healthy pancake-like foods?
Why do Jain people avoid variety in food?
What do passengers get to eat on EgyptAir?
Which foods should you eat and which should you avoid if you are a woman who has a kidney stone?
What happens if you go on an only-fat diet (that means: oils, butter, very little carbs (under 10 grams), and almost no protein)?
Will eating more leafy greens and fruit and less meat make my swimming more powerful?
Is it good to eat mangoes on an empty stomach?
What's the best diet for humans?
What diet should someone with polycythemia vera follow?
Did Terry Wahls have a gluten and milk allergy, hence milk and grains were removed from her diet?
What can we do to make our liver healthy?
What are the foods that someone who is B positive should always avoid?
What would likely happen to me if I were to eat 86 Peeps in one sitting?
Are less tasty vegetables providing less nutrients?
Can we eat chana and banana in breakfast?
What will happen if we would eat mostly rice and soy (vegan rations)?
During what period of human evolution did we begin eating three meals per day?
Are salty and greasy foods addictive?
Is there a free online tool to figure out what nutrients are missing from my diet?
Are masala oats as healthy as regular oats?
What is a perfect meal for a vegetarian?
Is it normal to get a bloated belly immediately after having a heavy meal?
Do smaller cities have less selection of healthy food / fruits than big ones?
How do I keep healthy as an architect?
Is meal prep unhealthy?
Is the smoky grilled chicken from KFC junk food? Is it OK to have 3–4 pieces every day as a source of protein?
Can I eat paneer while on a paleo diet?
What are ideas for low carb frozen entrees?
What is a safe, recommended vegetarian diet for weak kidneys?
How did humans survive before discovering the need to cook meat and soak & sprout most plant foods to avoid parasites & properly digest food?
Are there success stories of plant based diet?
What are some snacks that have very low calories?
How bad is it to go one day without eating vegetables?
What happens if I cut down all sulphur in my diet?
How long after you workout can you eat a full course meal?
What are sabja seeds? What are their health benefits?
Is oil-free diet necessary for stent patients?
Do I have the best diet to lose weight?
Which kind of fruit is the most beneficial to our health?
Is popcorn a good diet food?
How many kilos can I lose if I eat only eggs and cabbages in a week?
What happens if I eat 5 egg yolks daily?
Will I get fat binging on healthy foods?
What is the best diet for muscle gain that won’t cost a lot of money?
How can I differentiate between healthy and unhealthy men?
What can I have as a substitute for fruits and vegetables (not readily available) to fulfil my daily nutrient and vitamin intake?
Are ultra-processed foods really that bad for us?
Does anyone eat sashimi every day?
What foods on Amazon exceed 35 grams of protein per dollar?
Is it benificial to consume wheatgrass juice during pregnancy?
Why are blue corn chips considered healthy?
What is the best food combination?
Is eating after 12 at night harmful for the body?
How much fluid should a person intake daily?
Why is arugula so expensive in Boston compared to Europe?
How much bleach should I consume daily?
How can I force myself to eat normally again?
Which ingredients should I pick in Subway for the healthiest possible sandwich?
For the purpose of the question "what is a healthy diet", how different can every individual be, in terms of his chemistry, metabolism or other aspects?
Why do kids hate eating vegetables?
Why does most of the food products contains more carbohydrates?
Is Apple skin healthy?
Are oats and wheat the same?
Is the tribal way of life one of the healthiest lifestyles for humans?
What is a keto diet for vegetarians?
Are goat testicles healthy to eat?
Do you get fat faster, when eating healthy for a few months and then start eating sugar and processed food again?
Is boiled gram healthy?
What will happen if I eat only sandwich and cold coffee all day?
Are there any illegal foods that aren’t harmful to the body?
What are some examples of perfect protein for a human diet?
Should I start eating breakfast again or keep myself from eating it as a 15yo?
Can we reduce weight by eating complex carbs?
What is a healthy Indian meal to loose weight?
Is WhatsApp eating away at the private lives of people?
Is it true that we can't absorb most of the nutrients in unsprouted beans/legumes, grains, seeds & nuts?
What routine should one follow, being a hosteler, to maintain a healthy physique, diet, etc.?
I have a 14 months son. How many dates can he eat a day?
This is the nutritional information on the back of a soya-based snack. Is this even possible?
How can we—especially vegetarians & vegans—avoid mycotoxins especially in foods like bananas, produce, seeds, nuts, grains, legumes, tap water & more?
What are the pros and cons of fruit and vegetables only diet?
Can I do abdominal breathing practice after having a meal?
What will happen if I keep eating coconut and wheat bread along with drinking milk every morning for a month or 2?
What is the best time to eat watermelon?
What are the health benefits of bread and butter pickles?
What are the nutritional benefits of eating raw pumpkin vs cooked pumpkin?
How healthy is pan fried fish?
Why is food spicier on some days than others?
Is it possible to lose body weight on a zero-carb, almost zero-protein diet? That means you only eat fat.
Why are fatty foods tastier than other foods? Why is bad more attractive than good?
What are the perfect diets for a soccer player?
What are the risks of eating raw steak for lunch?
Why does my stomach hurt while eating fruit?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
What are the risks of eating undercooked ground beef?
How can I get a diet chart for every day?
Will my body still digest leafy vegetables if made into a shake?
Is eating aaloo paratha in the summer unhealthy?
Which foods are rich in hemoglobin?
Are there any healthy benefits of eating popcorn?
Can I survive eating only dates?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Can foods be healthy?
Which are healthier, pineapples or apples?
Which is healthier pancetta or bacon, and why?
Is it possible to survive eating only takis for a month?
How do I put on weight? Do I need protein, carbs, fat, or orange juice?
Which food items shouldn't be taken together or one after another?
How can I prepare myself for eating?
What type of diet should I take to avoid the formation of stones? Can I get a proper diet plan?
What​ are the best and worst times to eat?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
Why must the Modi government ban unhealthy Gujarati food & their un-hygienic producers?
What does Vivek Mittal think about the banana island diet?
What happens if you eat too much peanut butter?
Can you eat yourself?
What health benefits do we get from eating ground peanuts?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What types of food can I eat when I have gastritis? What would it make better?
What are some dietary snacks I can eat?
What are the pros and cons of eating chocolate before going to bed?
How do we know that being "fit and healthy" is good for our bodies?
Can I get enough Omega 3 from food alone without supplements?
Is there new proven evidence that diet drinks ("zero sugar") are unhealthy, or is this a health scare by the media?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Does eating carbohydrates increase the risk of cancer, while eating more fats doesn't?
How can I convince my children to eat healthy food?
Our vegan daughter has been home for 3 weeks and we followed her food preferences at every meal. Tonight, I secretly ate a hog roast sausage roll. Should I feel guilty?
What should be my full day diet plan as an Indian who wants to lose fat fast? I have some events to attend.
What would happen if tomorrow I suddenly started eating 15 eggs on a daily basis? Would my body be able to cope with the change?
Can artificial sweeteners cause Alzheimer's disease?
What would happen if I consumed 5/6ths of my daily caloric needs for 6 days, then double those needs at the seventh, for a period of a month?
Which chemical is present in garlic?
What is a better alternative to ghee?
I overeat junk food to deter myself from eating it again. What might be a better way to approach a healthy lifestyle?
Does eating food cooked using aluminum utensils increase the risk of cancer?
Do obese people know just how unhealthy their diet is?
What are the health benefits of eating gluten-free gelato?
How many eggs should I eat in a day in order to build my muscles?
What would happen if I do a headstand right after having a meal?
What should I eat on a regular basis that's healthy? I'm working on my building my abs.
What's the point on making healthier food?
Is goat brain healthy to eat?
Has nutrition science proven that antinutrients significantly prevent the vitamins of beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds from being absorbed?
What is a balanced diet for swimming?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
Can eating too much sugar change the appearance of your face even if you don't gain weight?
What are the health benefits of eating gluten free potato bread?
Can I eat boiled potato after workout?
How can you find out which fruits you personally need to eat for nutrients that you personally are lacking?
What is a healthy breakfast option for students living in a hostel?
What do I do about someone who causes you to have an unhealthy relationship with food?
Does gluten free starchy foods such as potato chips cause inflammation?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
What animals can you eat raw with little to no risk of getting sick?
Who should include single-cell protein in his/her diet?
What is a good vegetarian diet plan for losing weight (Indian diet plan)?
Are preservatives added to green tea? If so, does it have any impact on its health benefits?
The diet of the Inuit people is seal, caribou, whale, etc. How do they not get nutrients from fruit and vegetables and not get sick?
What are ten foods you should never eat?
What are​ some cool food items to have this summer?
How do I control my diet, but not to harm my body?
What methods can I use to lose 65 pounds?
How do you determine which food you can trust?
What are the benefits found in lemon tea with honey?
How much porridge should we eat daily?
What are the health benefits of eating steak for lunch?
If I were to walk 3 miles daily and eat fewer meals, would I get skinny?
Does reconstituted juice have any nutritional value?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
Why is the cabbage soup diet effective?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
What are the foods with the highest glycemic index scores?
What is a perfect weight gain diet for ectomorphs?
Which fast-food is the healthiest: McDonalds, KFC, Burger King, or Subway?
How can one go on a high protein diet without harming the environment?
How do you combat your food cravings when you know that they can be easily satisfied?
What happens if I shift from keto diet to high protein low fat and low carb after loosing enough weight?
When is the best time to eat dates?
What will happen if I eat bread instead of rice?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
What can happen if I survive on a diet of carbohydrate, meat, fish and egg, with no vegetable or fruits?
Are there any health benefits in peas? We argue with a friend who thinks peas are not healthy.
Why do people like to eat salt and hate it when there is too much salt in food? Do they have any disease that makes them eat it or is it normal?
How do you avoid the unhealthiest foods in your diet?
Why does everything seem more delicious when you eat with your hands?
Which foods make your stomach healthy?
How would the bodies of the earliest humans react to a diet consisting of processed foods?
When should companies collect expiring food products from shops? Is there any time duration for collecting it?
Is radish good for renal diet?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
Why are people willing to pay more for organic food when there's absolutely no evidence that it is any better for you?
What should be one's diet if he/she wants to be healthy and fit?
Should you eat the shells of pumpkin seeds?
Can I suggest a keto diet for my mother who is 58 years old?
How many avocados can you eat before it becomes bad fat?
What are the most popular concerns about healthy lifestyle?
What happens to your body on a low fat diet?
Can you live a healthy life by eating only a bowl of salad and fish/eggs for all 3 meals everyday?
What scientific evidence is there of risks from the ingredients in diet drinks, ignoring the artificial sweeteners?
Is lychee good for you?
Is there a way to know how many calories are in food just by looking at it? I'm working on a diet, so it will be very helpful.
Should a healthy 65 year old male have a PSA test?
What are the healthy proteinaceous breakfasts for vegetarians?
What kind of food should be avoided if we are taking Anti TB Schedule 1 medication as a course?
Is it bad to eat the same food everyday?
Can I use a fat burner in a 1250 calorie diet?
What brown bread is the healthiest?
What is the maximum amount of calories a human can theoretically eat per day?
Are the healthiest societies/countries in the world vegan? If not, then what do their diets look like?
Is obesity mainly a "food addiction," an endocrine disorder, a bad habit, an excessive caloric intake, a "slow metabolism," or something else?
What is a simple healthy pasta dish that one can make quickly?
Is burned food unhealthy?
Is a one-day-old kebab safe to eat?
What is the best time to stop eating when you are on a diet?
How does your digestive system sort and process different types of foods in one meal, eg. protein, carbs, vitamins, minerals?
Do artificial sweeteners increase sugar cravings?
How can I cultivate a healthy relationship with food?
What food can increase body strength?
I have removed 90% of added sugars from my diet. Is it possible that this has greatly reduced my seasonal allergies?
Does a vegetarian diet actually make you less overweight? Is there that much of a weight loss difference compared to a meat-based diet?
Is it safe to consume 3 tablespoons of honey on a daily basis?
Why don't people eat from all the 4 food groups?
Is olive pomace oil bad for your health?
Is it healthy to drink wife's urine if both are keeping good health?
What are the health benefits of ginger peels?
Why is nutrition essential to our body?
Why do I get stomachache almost every time I eat?
How many full eggs can a person eat per day? My mom told me that if too many eggs are eaten it leads to a heart attack. Is that true?
Which is better, eating with your full attention in 15 minutes or while working at a computer in 1 hour?
What type of food should one eat for healthy hemoglobin?
How much harm can result by eating raw bison?
Is Japonica rice and sushi rice the same thing?
Do certain activities that aren't eating, resemble eating, in that you mentally break something into parts and mentally absorb it?
Does eating one meal a day cause diabetes, stroke and heart disease?
What are all the benefits of drinking Manna Health Mix during pregnancy?
How long can a person live if he eats only one meal a day?
Can a roadside fruit seller with leprosy spread it? Does eating fruits from him spread the disease?
What are some good 2000 calorie diets?
What is a complete diet for a hard-working student?
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement that it isn't what the French eat but their approach to food and eating that allows them to eat?
Do genetically engineered foods have any positive side effects on the human body?
How do I stop eating junk food and lose fat?
Haw can I increase my personal energy?
Are white potatoes healthy?
What are the risks of eating off a moldy surface?
Am I supposed to keep track of calories or carbs?
Are meat or vegetable stock in cooking healthy?
What is the minimum time human body starts responding to a fat loss diet?
How long could I survive by eating nothing but jelly beans? What would kill me first?
Is it possible to eat too much oatmeal?
Why do Europeans prefer to eat hard, dense breads?
What is the full day Indian diet plan for weight gain?
How is methi/ fenugreek dipped in water healthy?
I live alone and I hate having to constantly buy food and cook meals. How can I eat my minimum caloric requirements with the least effort?
What is a healthy food that is regarded as unhealthy?
Which foods do you recommend for a low carb diet?
Is eating fish heads healthy?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
For health purposes, how should one plan their meals in a day, accounting for sugar and insulin spikes?
What do you call a person who eats a lot of food when tense?
Are the chicken livers healthy to eat?
Can I consume amla juice twice in a day for healthy hair?
How long do I have starve myself to lose weight?
What is the healthiest lifestyle lately?
What's a good breakfast for me?
Is popcorn good for diet?
In a Kosher diet, a grape (the fruit itself) can only be eaten whole. If you were to cut it in half, can you still eat it?
What is it like to eat six meals a day as some healty lifestyle journals suggest? I feel like I can't eat that much.
What are the nutritional benefits of peas?
Is it healthy to drink Appy every day?
Does eating junk food in moderation negatively affect athletic performance?
How do we calculate humans' daily nutrient requirements?
Is it possible that one piece of wheat bread (45g) has only 25 calories?
What is the result of not eating fruits?
What diet plan is best for a diabetic?
What are good vegan meal plans for a very active person that is looking to gain lean weight (3500 calories daily)?
Why do avocados cause stomach pain, bowel issues and my body to feel chills whenever I eat them (even a fraction of it such as 1/4 of one)?
Why do people think healthy food can't taste good?
What will happen if I eat boiled egg white with curd?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
What foods can a vegan eat in order to feel more energetic and not as listless?
What are some tasty, filling and healthy recipes that don't have a lot of calories?
What are the benefits of fig fruits?
What are some antidiuretic food examples?
What foods, drinks and lifestyle choices/activities should or do other anorexics avoid?
How healthy are green onion tops?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
What is a two-week diet plan?
Can oatmeal make you constipated?
Is it bad to eat chocolate a few days before a tennis match?
What does a full liquid diet consist of?
Is eating sweet bananas after eggs fatal?
Is homemade popcorn with a little butter healthy or not?
How healthy is Wingstop?
How many carb in one chapati?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
What are the differences between fruit and vegetables, in how they are defined?
What are the risks of eating cream cheese during pregnancy?
Why are there differences in nutritionists' opinions about the role of saturated fat in diet?
What are some healthy foods that start with I?
Why too much of everything is bad?
What is the reason behind filtering soya okra from soya milk?
What happens to your body when you don't eat for a few days?
How do I remind myself to eat and fix my irregular eating habits?
How do I help my teen niece who is a fussy vegetarian eater, eat a more healthy diet that includes ethical meat, without alienating her from me?
What will happen to my body if I eat one chicken leg per day for two months?
My baby cousin won't eat homemade food. Her parents usually feed her junk food. How do I make a proper transition to consuming healthy meals for her?
What is a proper routine with a proper diet after boards to gain energy?
What are these mysterious Asian food items?
Shall I start eating breakfast again as a teen if I want to lose fat?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
Is eating 6 eggs daily during summers harmful?
How much sugar can I eat in one day if I have prediabetes?
Do packed juices retain the health benefits of the fruits?
What do I do if my​ daughter is a picky eater and takes a long time to finish eating?
How many calories should I eat for each meal and snack?
Does dried and powdered superfood contain a lot of nutrients almost like eating the algea and veggies raw?
How can I protect myself from eating carpeted fruits?
What is the food that increases blood in the body? Suggest some healthy foods.
What are the ways to keep the pancreas healthy & active?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
Is it a good diet approach to completely cut carbohydrates and eat proteins if all you want is to lose weight?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
I am really slim and I want to be a bit fat. What should I eat?
How much will the weight of a body increase right after the intake of a one kg food item?
How do you feel when you don't eat for a week?
Is drinking veggie smoothies daily healthy?
Should I take up smoking to stop binge eating?
When eating out, if the food is terrible, what can one do?
Which cheap, healthy, filling main meals would you recommend for families?
Does modafinil make you healthier?
Can I lose body fat by eating salads as my main meal 3 times a day along with regular cardio and not eating junk/fattening foods?
Is pita bread healthy?
What is the best Indian diet plan to follow after an angioplasty?
How can you describe the most fattening foods in the world?
How do I avoid gagging when eating seaweed?
What are the disadvantages of eating unhealthy while pregnant?
Recently I have been reading about diets and I like the idea of the ketosis diet. If I want to follow this diet, what and how much should I eat?
What are the cheapest, tastiest, filling, healthy main meals for families?
How can I control my problem with overeating?
I want to become a master chef. How long should I toil as a short order cook waiting to be discovered?
What are the adverse effects of eating meat on human health?
Do the sugar amounts on nutrition labels include all sugar in the product, or do they leave out things like natural sugars or high fructose corn syrup?
What happens when we eat snake-bitten fruit?
How can people— especially lactose intolerant ones—reach 100% of their calcium DV on a daily basis if so few foods have a good amount of calcium?
How is dahi (yoghurt) and chaach (buttermilk) good for our health, and in what quantity?
What are your best food recipes?
How bad is consuming fat?
Which is the most nutritious, an apple, an orange, a banana, or a serving of grapes?
Why hasn't anyone suggested intentionally buying expensive food as a way to control portion sizes?
What causes overconsumption of food?
Why do people eat more than what is healthy?
During dieting or fasting, can a type I obese person go to hypoglycemic state?
How can skipping morning meals affect your health?
What will happen if a bone TB patient doesn't eat properly?
Do you follow the same diet on your rest day?
Is it true that desi ghee is good for health and reduces cholesterol?
What's a good diet plan for a woman that weighs 190?
How much olive oil should I drink daily?
Can I eat something if it touched someone's butt?
What should I do to control myself during a diet?
What kind of food can I eat to build up my metabolism? What kind of exercises do I need to do to get rid of my belly?
What is the best vegetarian diet a type O positive should have?
Which one is less unhealthy, one bag of chips (1 ounce) or one energy bar?
What diet chart should a diabetic patient follow?
What is the healthiest bread, sourdough, wholemeal or grain/seed bread?
How can I eat 223g of protein, 27g of fats and 122g of carbohydrates in a day?
What is the recommended balanced diet (food plan) and exercises for someone in their 20s to stay active, healthy and loose fat naturally?
What type of stool proves that one is eating a healthy diet?
What is the best food or drink to keep your body cool?
What should be the diet chart of a diabetic pregnant vegetarian woman?
Which subject to take to pursue food and nutrition in 12?
Were you aware that undercooked beans can be highly toxic?
How can I get hardcore proof that dieting makes people fat?
What are the health benefits of eating raisins and nuts?
Are white oats good for your health?
Where can I find healthy plant food recipes?
How do I stay consistent on my diet?
What diet should I follow in order to increase my body strength? I am a vegetarian.
Where can I find a good diet routine?
How many cups of milk is good for a day?
What happens when you eat a lot and go to bed?
What types of food did Mohammad eat?
Which is more nutritious, eggs or fish?
What are the health benefits of smoked oysters?
What are some simple, healthy and filling recipes for dinner?
How do overcome temptation to avoid junk foods, sweets and ice creams and stay fit and motivated?
My daughter doesn't eat any vegetables. What should I do?
If grains, wheat, legumes, nuts and seeds cause a leaky gut as well as a few other issues, then how is the Mediterranean diet so healthy?
Why are briskets considered healthy for you?
Why are nuts and seeds so calorie dense?
Which is the best, homemade facial scrub to use, and what are some healthful foods to eat?
Is Patanjali milk powder healthy?
What are the dangers of eating raw fish?
How does eating macaroni and cheese affect your health?
What happens to your body when you stop eating meat completely?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
How can I start the introduction of an argumentative and persuasive essay on how dieting makes people fat?
Which nutrient supplements should I take for insurance against the binding effect of nutrient-poor foods?
What is the diet for marginal sugar patients?
Is it possible to survive on oyster crackers and water?
How do I change my family's diet?
Why do most dogs not like eating raw vegetables?
Is eating food containing ions good for us? And why?
How do we develop healthful desires?
Is sugarcane juice healthy for the liver, and would it have any negative impact on our health?
Is it healthful that I wake up at 6am, proceed with daily activities, then eat breakfast at 9am?
What if I skip vegetables and eat pulses on an everyday basis?
What are the benefits of eating pumpkin seeds?
Does drinking Soylent mean you have an unhealthy relationship with food?
What kind of food increases free radicals in the body?
Why do I find vegetables so terrible?
Why does sugar not taste as good after drastically reducing the intake of it?
Is canned salmon a reliable source of Omega 3?
Are triathletes healthy?
Can I eat egg, banana and milk together?
Why is plum juice considered good for you?
What are the negative effects of overconsumption of food?
Why are there no new books about food that are as popular and readable as Michael Pollan's books?
When is the best time to eat banana in a day?
What food controls cholesterol?
How long would it take someone to die after injecting oatmeal into their arteries?
Why is my heart pounding after eating?
How many strawberries can a diabetic patient eat in a single day?
What are the dangers of eating pumpkin seeds?
How do I know if my eating habits are healthy?
Why has it become virtually impossible to get real information in support of "buyer beware" advice?
What are the best ways to cook mushrooms in a healthy way?
Is the keto diet worth all of this deprivation?
What diet should you be on when you feel bloated?
How can I eat more?
What is the nutritional value of an orange?
What food will we eat on Mars?
When you are on a diet and you eat less food, how do you avoid gas formation inside your stomach?
What are some common examples of processed foods?
What is a good healthy alternative for cornstarch?
Are there any healthy eating options available in the ISB Mohali campus?
Which fruits are ripened using carbides?
How many days can you go constantly eating sugar without sustaining internal damage?
What are the foods that patients who are allergic to the sun should avoid eating?
How do oats taste?
What if a patient with TB of the bones doesn't eat properly?
Why is carrot cake considered healthy?
Is watermelon high in carbs or fiber?
What are some cold low/zero-calorie drinks?
Is not eating fruits better than eating artificially ripened fruits using carbide, etc.?
What diet plan would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 16 year old who is only 48kgs and 165cm?
What kind of food is good for a dinner? Why?
How healthy are we, really?
Is buying organic food a top priority for many parents?
How do you increase digestion especially when it's linked to acidity, even after healthy meals?
How effective is Patanjali's amla juice?
Which fruits are allowed to eat to a jaundice patient?
What should be a balanced vegetarian diet plan?
Does neem have any adverse effect on health if consumed without purification and raw leaves are eaten?
Do you think eating too few calories can result in excessive bodily awareness and increased pain perception?
What will happen to my body if I am eating only dates and black tea for 5 days, escaping other food?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
What type of food can I eat to increase my weight?
What type of diet must I do after getting stents?
What can I sell in a non-food health shop?
Why do we feel full after eating if it takes several hours to absorb nutrients from food?
Is drinking milk healthy or not?
Is buying catered meals cheaper than weekly food prepping?
How healthy is cat food for humans?
Is it healthy to have a whey or soya shake for breakfast?
How do I cope with poverty?
Is it safe to consume both sugarcane juice and glucose?
I eat in bed sometimes. Does that make me a slob?
How can I loose my tummy fat, what diet should I take to control tummy I don't want to take supplement?
What are some high-calorie vegetarian foods?
Which fruits should one eat after suffering from uterine cancer?
Can I eat biscuits / banana (or any fruit and juices) when suffreing from typhoid fever?
Are food boxes a good way for a busy person to stay on a calorie controlled diet or are the portions too small?
What is the most nutrient dense fruit?
How many calories does my body need if I am swimming 45 minutes daily? What should I include in my diet?
Do you recommend UberEATS?
I am 13 years old, and I want to eat healthy, what type of food should I eat?
How hungry or full should I be at bedtime for optimal health?
Is it true that too much of anything is bad for you? Is eating green vegetables like kale, spinach, broccoli & collard greens for every meal every day unhealthy?
What is the best way to eat five lined skinks?
How do I learn to eat better as an athlete that trains twice a day?
Is parotta good for our health?
Is it bad to eat nothing but pure lentils or potatoes as a whole meal?
How do I stop eating junk foods and sweets? Whatever weight I lost I gained back.
Is Lipton tea good for our organism?
Which fruit/food should you eat during the early stages of pregnancy?
How many cheat meals are advisable within a week?
As an Indian, what is the best possible diet I can take in Dubai to lose weight and be fit?
What are some foods people think are healthy but are not?
How would doctors make very large income if everyone were to eat low-calorie, high-fiber healthy foods instead of the standard American diet?
What happens if you eat raw lemon every day?
How do I stop eating raw rice?
What are foods containing progesterone recommended for?
Why is it good to eat raw eggs?
We want food three times in a day, but we don't want to be farmers. Why?
Do you get fat if you eat unhealthy twice?
Is our body an oven? If not, why do we count calories in a slimming diet?
Does the body absorb more nutrients from smoothies or whole solid foods?
Is there a noteworthy benefit in eating more than one kind of beans?
How can I eat healthily during a 10-day drive from San Diego to Montreal?
I've been trying to put on weight. However recently, I've been having trouble eating food. What's going on?
Is "everything in moderation" a valid presumption in terms of nutrition and eating?
How will it affect my health to eat a Subway sandwich every day?
How much ranch dressing is healthy to our organism?
Would you diet or would you work out?
There is a notion that fruits should not be eaten after sunset because they lose their food value. Is there any truth to this?
What problems do you face while eating in a restaurant?
Can you eat popcorn on a low carb diet?
Is bad to eat eggs on your period?
What are some low-calorie junk foods?
What are some really good stuff to do that's fun and healthy for adults?
Is organic food overpriced, or are conventional foods (e.g., microwave meals, Twinkies, chips, soda, frozen/non-organic meats and produce, etc.) underpriced?
What are some great recipes for a whole foods plant based diet?
At what time of the year do people eat more fast food?
What are the health benefits from ginger leaves?
How much mackerel (Scomber scombrus) do I need to eat in a week in order to be in tiptop shape regarding the omega-3 aspect?
What are the socio-cultural factors that influences unhealthy diet in your vicinity?
Why we should not eat fruits at night?
What will happen if I eat only four bowls of oats every day?
How healthy is your cutlery?
How do you know how much water you need to drink?
Which healthy, shortcut food should I eat? I don't want to spend 4 hrs cooking, preparing, cleaning everyday because I am working day and night.
What are some healthy snacks for someone with gestational diabetes?
As a vegan it's okay for me to eat only one thing that has a minimum milk but I really like?
Why is too much oatmeal bad for you?
Are there any risks when it comes to a high sulfur diet? How much is too much?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a high protein diet?
Are Bournvita or Boost shakes an ideal pre-workout meal?
Are there any food you really think is delicious but still can not be accustomed to eat?
What is the Yoplait diet?
What is an intake briefing?
What is the best diet for a boy older than 12 to become healthy?
What's the healthiest Indian meal plan?
Can I stay healthy drinking 10 beers a day and eating vegetables to get 2000 calories daily?
Is it healthier to eat fruit over a longer period or does it make no difference regarding your health if you eat a lot of fruit in a short period?
What is a healthy rate to decrease fat?
Are there dietary components that are great for health, but, even with a good diet, you cannot get enough of them?
Is polenta healthy, or does it form too many AGEs/other unhealthy compounds when cooked?
If you wanted to adopt eating plant based foods only, what support, info, resources, or help would you want in order to make this journey easy for you?
Is it unhealthy to take lunch in a plastic box daily and microwaving it before eating?
What food to eat to increase height?
If you could only eat 2-3 vegetables for the rest of your life, what would they be?
What are the risks of eating clams while being pregnant?
What are some of the most unhealthy recipes?
Where does the food go that doesn’t come out as poop?
Do millets contain less carbohydrates than rice and wheat?
What is the best way to achieve that which seems impossible in life?
What are some healthy breakfast options?
Why do people living in warmer environments salt their food more?
Is eating a quick breakfast at 6 am and then a normal breakfast at 9:30 am normal or healthy?
How can I start getting on a diet?
What are the best ways to eat raw ginger?
My girlfriend is 19, 5 foot 9, and 95kg, and she refuses to take advice from me about exercise. How do I explain it to her? I'm worried.
What are some healthy food habits and exercises for full time working professionals to lose weight?
Is sugarcane good for the health in the summer?
What should be the diet for a proper basketballer?
Can one big McDonalds meal make you gain 3 pounds?
What happens when you eat alkaline foods?
What should be my South Indian diet plan?
A programmer spends an average of 12 hours sitting at work and eats 1 meal before work and another at 9 pm. How can he lose weight?
Is it safe to eat over fermented natto?
Are sedentary vegans healthier than balanced diet omnivores who exercise?
What are the best beverages to drink during summer?
How can eating too much food make you tired?
Do my coconut chips lose any of their nutritional value/form unhealthy compounds if they're slightly/medium roasted?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
Mr. Anurag, how do you keep healthy?
What is the nutritional value of the calories found in tandoori roti?
Why didn’t I lose any weight during a diet, but I lost weight after cheating and eating unhealthily after dieting?
Which are the best fruit combinations to eat in summer?
Is it healthy to take corn flakes with pasterusized raw milk?
Why is mustard considered healthy for you?
Can we have desi ghee during keto diet?
Is it bad for digestion to combine fruit with other food?
How can vegans get enough protein without getting gas?
Can I build a good physique by going to the gym and eating a regular Indian diet like roti, lentils and whole milk products?
Is eating chicken every day good for health?
What diet worked best for you, and why do you think that it worked so well?
What should I do to make healthy food choices?
How many grams of sugar is in a clean diet?
What dishes combine milk or dairy with fish?
What should I do if I'm constipated due to a diet?
Why do we need vitamins?
Why is chicken sausage healthy?
Can beet juice be taken on an empty stomach?
What are the healthiest foods that are effective for weight loss?
Why do I get "gassy" no matter what I eat or drink?
What should I eat if I have a stomachache?
What is the opinion of Dr. Vinay Kumaran on the keto and paleo diets? Do they have any impact on the liver or kidneys in the long run?
How much water should an adult, aged around 25 years old, consume daily in order to maintain his good health?
Is it true that you are what you eat?
How should we maintain our diet for good health, mainly during exam preparation time?
What is the best time for eating yogurt?
How long can you survive if you eat a well balanced diet but don't drink water at all?
Using current equipment, could a dietitian make an individualised diet plan based on the patient's glucose response to certain foods?
If you go back in time to stop yourself from trying one food what food is it?
Does amla juice by Patanjali contain sugar and isn’t healthy for a pre-diabetic?
How does my colleague eat loads of unhealthy food, and not exercise, and never gain weight?
How can I firm up my body the fastest?
Which is most frugal: canned fish, fresh or frozen fish?
Is it too inappropriate to invite people out to eat and pay a percentage of their meals?
What should I eat before bed so I can get a good sleep?
What are the best foods to eat after gym?
Why do junk foods are cheaper than healthy foods in USA while it is the vice versa in India?
What is the recipe of your customized oatmeal? What are the advantages and disadvantages of oatmeal for an overweight person?
Can we dictate what people eat and drink?
What will happen if I eat food after a fly landed on it?
Do I risk anything if I eat a lot of parsley often while also consuming adequate amounts of calcium?
What is the ketogenic vegetarian diet plan? I don't even eat eggs.
Are there any nutrition bars that have 100% your daily value of everything and can be tailored (roughly) to your needs?
Will I gain weight back after going off a low carb diet?
What are some of the roles or meanings that food can take on (food as: medicine, habit, friend, reward, profession, hobby, saboteur) in our lives?
Can we eat leftover chapati after one day?
Which is the best food for stomach health?
How can I start eating less junk food, if I've always eaten it every day and I'm addicted to it?
If I eat myself, will I disappear or increase in size?
What's the best way to make sure you're healthy every year?
Is it normal to feel hungry every two hours? What should I eat every 2 hours to maintain a healthy diet?
Do canned beans make you fat?
What is the perfect diet for a vegetarian pace bowler?
How can I avoid eating things that are processed or unnatural?
How can I find tasty recipes for my coffee and snacks store?
How does one make children love nutritious food?
Does dieting makes people fat?
Is it possible to have too much iron?
Is there any harm in eating hot chips after drinking coffee?
Is packet milk good for your health?
Is there an increased risk to get stomach diseases by drinking soda or energy drinks?
I can eat 3 normal meals a day and then all of a sudden I can eat a second full serving, if not large dinner and not get sick. Is this normal?
What are some tips for eating healthy and cheap at Disneyland?
If Eskimo and Inuit people were introduced to tropical fruits and vegetables, what would their reaction and opinion be like?
If you can eat only two full meals per day, at what time would you eat them?
Is the low GI of organic basmati good for our health?
Do garlic supplements have the same health benefits of eating freshly cut pieces of garlic?
What are the risks of eating jellyfish?
Is it bad to eat salmon belly with fatty liver?
Is eating two to three cloves of garlic in the early morning with an empty stomach really healthful? If yes, what are those healthy benefits?
What are the risks of eating dry oatmeal?
With the prevalence of obesity/attention issues in America's youth, why do public schools serve/sell foods that have high grams of carbs and sugar?
Is it possible to have more sexual desire with a high fat diet (healthy fats, not saturated)?
Can a person buy Dr. Now’s diet cookbook?
How could a country realistically make fruits and vegetables cheaper than sweets?
How do our bodies become acidic?
What should I eat or drink to get rid of my soft (jelly-like) fat all over my body?
What are the cheapest and fastest ways to eat (possibly healthily)?
What should I do for a 7 day, detoxifying diet plan?
Is one slice of pizza healthy?
What is the best supplement, vitamin or health product that can regulate blood vessels so that they can optimally constrict/dilate?
What is your diet plan during CA exams?
Is there an optimal amount of kimchi a person should eat per day to get the most health benefits?
Are the cereals fed to cattle fine for human consumption? What would be the effects of a diet based on them?
What are the healthy facts about Papaya?
Is BHT bad for your health?
What happens if I eat all the calories I need in a day in one meal?
What are the 7 meals of a day?
Can a person drink only water and eat healthy food to lose weight?
What are foods to eat and not to eat for piles?
What are examples of complex carbs?
What sort of food should a girl eat during menses?
Is it ok to eat tiger prawns?
Is eating a five course meal healthy?
Does eating less carbs really help you lose weight or is that just a myth?
Should publicly funded food stamps be restricted to healthy items only?
How much fat is it possible to gain after a few days of eating in caloric surplus (~4000 calories)?
Is it healthy to eat wheat every day?
Is green tea more healthy than coffee?
What do you think about diets?
I can’t eat cooked vegetables. What should I do?
Does eating in nature provide any mental health or neurological benefit?
What’s the healthiest way to cook meat (fish for example) to avoid carcinogens and AGEs, steaming?
How do I live a healthy, long and energetic life with onion and garlic free food?
How can I get the maximum daily nutrition with minimum calorie intake?
What are the health risks associated with eating cream cheese while pregnant?
What health benefits do ginger and cinnamon have?
What types of diet should an acute pancreatitis patient take during treatment at home immediately after their release from hospital?
How do I stop eating at night?
What are some things that can reduce medical problems and promote a healthier lifestyle?
What are the sources of roughages of dietary fibre?
Why should colostrum be taken with an empty stomach?
Who makes the best super food juice in powder, for the taste?
Should I join a gym or do a calorie deficit diet?
Is it true that healthy food is expensive but unhealthy food is cheap?
If eating cooked food (meat) helped humans improve their cognitive process and fast forwarded the development of our race, why is it not happening to pets too?
If you increase dietary potassium intake Ka+, is it better to increase sodium intake Na+ accordingly or not?
What is the best food for sugar patients during summer?
Are there WHO-recommended Soylent-like foods in Europe?
What is the perfect vegan meal plan where I get all my nutrients?
What is a high protein, Indian, vegetarian diet plan for a female while she is focused on weight training?
If I sneeze when I eat bittermelon, is it good for me to eat?
What are the best foods you can get in the UAE for better health?
How can I store dried garlic/garlic powder without making everything smell?
When exactly do I drink water after having my meal?
What is the best and easiest way to stay healthy without spending lot of time?
Can we recommend the intake of Kalitake with high potassium fruit juice (for example, avocado fruit juice) to lessen the blood potassium level in CKD patients?
Why is sunflower oil a healthy option?
What's a good diet plan to get a lean body?
Why do people eat food outside?
Is it good to eat raw green vegetables on an empty stomach?
Why is it recommended for a diabetic to drink Glucerna when Glucerna has a lot of sugar?
Should I force myself to eat to bulk up?
Is it true that our bodies are not built to consume bovine milk?
Why is a starvation diet dangerous?
What is unhealthy eating?
What’s the best diet for you?
What are the health benefit of Pediasure?
Is Enduramaas beneficial for your health?
What do you respond to people that say they only eat "organic food"?
Does following the paleo diet give us all the vitamins and minerals required?
Why do we need food daily?
What are the most nutritious vegetables (aside from spinach and broccoli)?
What are the health risks of eating tilapia when pregnant?
What will happen if I do not eat food for 1 month?
What are ten things you should never eat?
Why are we physically repulsed by certain foods if they are good for us?
How can I make a no carb vegetarian diet plan?
What should one do to remain younger and healthy always?
Should I eat cornflakes or oatmeal for breakfast?
If I'm on a diet, should my cheat day be the same every week, or is it okay to eat randomly for any 1 day in the week?
Is the yellow part of the egg good for your health?
Which food items contain more protein?
Can you make yourself digest faster, if you start eating a lot at once and have spaced out meals. Does your stomach get bigger as well?
How do I stay motivated to lose weight and follow a diet plan, when I eat out very often (socializing)?
How can Snapple diet ice tea have no sugar?
Is bamboo sugar healthy for the body?
Is jicama good for a diet?
Will a mostly raw vegetable diet make my urine odorless?
Why is brown bread considered fattening?
Would it be bad to start eating once a day, and eat 3000 calories in one sitting?
What is the best detox diet in summer?
Are sugar snap peas a nutritious food?
How can some people lose weight in such a short span of time? Is it natural?
Should I eat a salad on a really hot day of working outside? How can I prepare to work in the sun all day?
Should mild anorexics exercise on empty stomachs before breakfast and eat low-carb diets to prevent Alzheimer's?
Could you overindulge young kids in eating unhealthy food to the point where they throw up and begin have a negative opinions on that unhealthy food?
Do you gauge how hot a bite of food is before you eat it?
How do I stay healthy and fit in this hot summer in India?
What is the healthiest meal one can possibly eat?
Are canned vagetables healthy?
What should we have to eat for a good diet during revision time?
Can we eat two eggs daily in the summer, or would that lead to acne?
Why is Laffy Taffy bad for you?
Is garlic good for health?
Can anyone help to get a heathy diet plan as I am living in college hostel?
Is it bad if you eat too many pickles?
Can diabetics eat sugar-free tablets?
What is diabetic care food?
Is tandoori roti good for health?
How do I start dieting at a beginner’s level?
Which oils should I consume for a healthy body?
What is the most nutritious dog food commercially available?
Can we take sugar free tablets when we are on diet?
What are some examples of low carb diets for someone with diabetes?
What effect does an Atkins diet or ketosis have on your liver? Is it safe?
Can I eat potatoes on a gluten free diet?
What food is zinc found in?
Is there a way to eat whatever I want without getting fat?
How long should a five course meal take to eat?
What one food/beverage would keep you alive the longest if it was your only source of nutrition and hydration, barring meal replacement products?
I’m on a diet. What can I have for breakfast?
Why is it healthy to eat green vegetables even though our stomach doesn't have the bacteria to digest them?
Can we take electral in keto diet? The lack of electrolytes has caused cramps in my legs.
What do I eat when when I’m hungry while on a diet?
How will the human body fare on two meals every day that consist of fruits only in the morning and any meal in the evening?
How much carbs, protein and fat do we get from the regular Indian diet like roti, lentils, curd, butter and veggies?
Must you soak & sprout legumes (dry & canned), seeds and nuts (raw or butter) before eating them, or will not doing so prevent nutrient absorption?
How can I choose the healthiest canned beans?
What are the risks of eating uncooked reptile meat?
When should we eat chili as part of our diet?
Why do some people say that we should not stand & eat?
What are the risks of eating fish sauce during pregnancy?
What should I eat in breakfast except fruits which will not make me fat?
What are the health benefits of bitter kola nut?
Can you survive just by eating grass and other healthy leaves?
Can I start a keto diet if I have PCOS? What are some of the things I must keep in mind before trying this diet?
Should I avoid seeds, nuts, grains & legumes-unless "properly" processed-due to the antinutrients leading to gut issues, tooth/bone decay & more issues?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia during pregnancy?
How do I make a snack from carrot?
How do I get 170 grams per day of protein from a North Indian Diet?
Which food items require a sickening level of cruelty in their production?
What nutritional value do you lose by freezing your juice?
Why do people break pieces off sandwiches and cookies, etc., instead of eating them whole?
Why should humans earn their daily bread and butter?
How many carbs do purple grapes have?
Is it good to eat lemon on an empty stomach?
Why is yogurt healthy?
Why are there so many gurus in the nutrition field?
As an adult could you obtain food to eat like you ate in the womb?
What will happen if you're on a paneer only diet?
What are the benefits of white radish leaves?
What happens if you eat raw cassava?
Does the way you make matcha affect its quality, taste, or health/nutritional benefits?
In simple English, what does a bodybuilder eat in a day, week, month and year?
Are smoothies healthy for a diet? Any tips on what smoothies I should try?
What foods or diets boost insulin resistance?
What are the nutritional benefits of using tea creamer?
Is eating vegetables in the form of a smoothie the same as eating them whole? Do you get the same nutritional value?
How much sugar is too much in a day if a person is borderline diabetic?
Are healthy foods really expensive or is it purposely made to look so?
What will happen to our metabolism if we eat the same foods for a very long time?
Am I strong enough to try to stick to a vegetarian diet for 30 days?
Should you eat if your stomach growls?
How do I start being healthier?
Whenever I am stressed, I either overeat or under eat and lose sleep or become drowsy all the time. How can I help myself out?
What seeds should I eat for a better digestion?
How much protein should I take if I have a high amount of fat?
How can I keep myself away from junk food and limit my eating?
What are some unusual diets that most people aren't aware of?
What are commonly available healthy food options in India?
How much chili should I eat to burn fat per day?
What healthy methods do models use to stay thin?
Do ants also drink water? Or do they survive without it and live only by eating food?
What are the foods that increase DHT?
How do we determine something that is healthy compared to what isn't?
What are the dietary habits of a hyena?
Which is the best diet for our brain?
What is an example of an unhealthy food?
If the Atkins diet doesn't work, why is it that the most common diet suggested is basically the Atkins diet?
If you consider yourself an unhealthy eater, why won't you change your diet?
What some good and proper nutrition shops?
How can I create tangible goals towards eating a balanced diet?
How can I get a healthy and attractive body after the age of forty years old?
What types of mushrooms are bad for your health?
How many types of nutrients are in our food?
What are the health benefits of canned beans?
Where can I get healthy tips and health coaching?
Is fried food bad in general? Or can you have healthy fried recipes?
How can I prevent a major loss of appetite?
What are the downsides of eating tilapia during pregnancy?
Is vanilla almond milk unsweetened healthy for losing weight?
What diet will increase men’s sexual health?
It is said that we should drink water within 45 minutes of having our meal, so can we have lukewarm/boiled water just after a meal?
Why is it considered healthy to eat chicken noodle soup?
How do I stop feeling sick after eating salty foods?
Why do the individuals who want socialised medicine not want socialised food, as food is more necessary than medicine?
What are the benefits of eating reptile meat?
What is it like being on a water and lime diet?
What is the low carb vegan or vegetarian substitute of 2 hard boiled eggs for breakfast?
What is the glycemic index for wild rice?
Is Isagenix a healthy diet?
What food can I eat if I have a fistula?
What are the benefits of consuming frozen cheese steak meat?
Are people who eat healthy but never exercise really healthy?
Which is the best Nutraceutical diet to follow in order to maintain a healthy life?
How can one help an 85-year-old person who has started vomiting after drinking water, and is eating very little?
Is traditional Indian food healthy?
Which is more healthy, fruit or vegetables?
I eat healthy but I still have belly fat and feel bloated, how can I avoid this and lose weight?
What specifically makes McDonald's food unhealthy?
Someone is having jaw numbness and dizziness, usually triggered by eating sugary foods or when not eating for long periods, what does he have?
What food should I take or avoid to cure the melasma?
Is it okay if I start my day with only fruit and milk/juice?
Which fruit juice is better than meals?
Can I eat raw egg "whites"?
Which is the place to find healthy food at nighttime in Chennai around the cost of Rs. 50?
Is it okay to eat a banana with an orange?
What are alternatives for the foods that I might be allergic to? I want to gain lean weight and I need a variety of foods to reach 3500 calories daily.
What foods are healthier than you think?
What do the people of Switzerland eat daily?
Can a bodybuilder be a healthy and good bodybuilder if he doesn't eat vegetables and only eats other healthy foods and fruit?
Could occasionally eating food that is a little past expiry or is slightly spoiled, actually be beneficial to intestinal flora?
What are the benefits of eating purple potatoes?
How does red meat affect the health of your heart?
How do restaurants deal with unsold healthy food every day?
How do I influence my coworkers to make healthier diet choices but not appear snobby?
Is it healthy to have warm milk with egg white?
Why is it that, usually, healthier food is less tasty and tastier food is unhealthy?
Does adding water to a drink or food lower the calories, sugar & other nutritional content?
Which fruits and vegetables are good for health?
What can be an ideal diet for Northern Indian children within a budget?
Why is Canadian bacon healthier than American bacon?
What are some good healthy diet slogans?
Can eating too much sugar cause you to break out?
How many soaked almonds can I eat per day?
Is cow’s milk which comes in packets bad for health?
In fasting mode (when you don't eat for a few days) what happens to your body?
How can Gujarati's afford to eat so much?
What is your personal favorite way to diet?
Do cooked vegetables have more fiber then raw vegetables do?
Why the six meals a day diet plan so important?
What are the benefits of eating octopus?
How do plant-based diet promoters explain the fact that people eat meat for a long time and it played a key role in evolution, especially that of the human brain?
Does the food that I eat become me?
What is the importance of eating green leafy vegetables?
Should I eat sprout before exercise?
Is it healthy to consume goat meat on a daily basis?
Is it safe to eat moldy yogurt, why?
Should I force myself to eat unwanted junk food, in order not to waste it?
What are the health benefits of canapes and petit fours?
What are the benefits of eating lentils during pregnancy?
What would happen if a person only eats eggs as meal?
What are some examples of red meats?
Why is late-night binge eating considered bad for health?
Which tablets are good to overcome a regular acidity problem before and after meals?
Will eating a large amount of fruits daily make me fat?
What are some good food habits to live long?
How many calories are there in a cup of tea?
How many vegetables should a person eat in a day on a healthy diet?
What are the health benefits of eating cannabis leaves?
Are organic foods worth the money?
How healthy are pork rinds?
If you have fruits for breakfast, rice and curry for lunch, 1 or 2 chapati (made of jowar) with veg curry, then how is that for a healthy diet?
A person who only eats a salad for lunch, is he considered a vegetarian? The rest of the meals are regular healthy meals.
Is it normal to be hungry at different times each day, instead of being hungry at the same times every day?
How do pilots and flight attendants eat a healthy diet when they are constantly flying?
How does eating healthy lead to a happy life?
If 100 grams of chicken contains only 30 grams of protein and 7 grams of fat, what makes up the other 63 percent?
What is the best diet for a student to follow?
Will eating biryani once a week make me fat?
Is boiled shrimp healthy?
What health benefits does pickled ginger have?
Are any foods natural anymore?
Is it possible to make a single item of food that has at least a third of all the daily vitamins and minerals in it (Such as a tortilla)?
Which food should I eat to improve bone density?
Should I worry about how many hours I go between meals, including dinner and breakfast?
Why do I have the craving to eat soil?
I’ve been eating healthy and exercising for over 2 months now. I don't see results yet. How long does it actually take? I actually feel kind of bloated.
How healthy is raw virgin coconut fat?
Are seaweeds (sea vegetables) good for the body’s health?
How much garlic should be taken on a empty stomach?
Can we consume sugarcane juice while dieting?
Which nuts are healthier among peanut, shea nut, chestnut, hazelnut, etc.?
Does trans fat only make you fat or can they make you have other illnesses?
Are health food shops always profitable?
What are the requirements for establishing a laboratory for food microbiology and nutritional analysis in Canada?
Does monatomic gold have health benefits?
What is the best liquid diet for summer?
What are some of the best foods in Bali I should eat?
Do you think that more people will eat more microwaved meals in the future?
How do I have a natural diet?
Is bronze good for bone health?
What is the most processed food?
What are the health benefits associated with kamote leaves?
Why would a healthy, young, thin person follow a strict diet?
What affects would Gaston's egg diet have on the average person?
Why do we eat dried fruit?
What food will you eat for the rest of your life?
Is sugar good for health if I don’t eat too much of it?
When is the latest time to eat food for the day?
Can our body absorb over 1000 calories and 50 grams of protein in one single meal?
What are the most harmful foods that we buy and eat every day, without knowing?
Which food can reduce bone popping sound?
How can I stop eating, I tried many times but always end up eating again, besides my parents don't buy healthy foods at all how can I lose the weight?
Why can certain people eat a lot and never gain and someone who eat a lot do?
How does a health inspector deal with the bad hotel hygiene when they are having their food there?
What are some healthy obsessions?
Why do healthier people have large stools?
Can you die early if you don't eat enough fruits and vegetables? Can eating them regularly give you a long life?
What foods do you eat to live longer?
What are the suggested diet and lifestyle changes for teenagers with GERD?
Does really having a good diet and being active help one to conceive?
How can I eat healthily at Uni despite not being able to cook my own food?
What are the dangers of eating an uncooked egg white?
How long should you go without food for weight loss?
If we eat our weight in food every 50 days, what percentage of that is used to make body mass?
Why are fruit snacks good for you?
What would happen if I ate buckwheat in the morning and boiled eggs at noon for 12 months?
What is the main purpose of the One Week diet system?
Is a deformed lemon okay to eat?
Why is Apple juice considered healthy?
What is Athena Walker’s workout routine? Does she count calories or try to eat healthy?
Can you get nut butters on low carb high fat diet?
If fermented foods are healthy, why does it bother us when ordinary food goes off?
Why does the human body need complex dietary nutrition? Why do the nutritional needs of plants, insects, birds, mammals, fish differ but have a single diet?
Is healthy to skip breakfast and eat at 2 pm every day until I get to my goal?
Will eating a banana break a fast?
What is the highest quality of commercial beer available for the best value?
What changes occur to/in your body when you start eating more fruits and vegetables?
Is salmon healthy?
Can I eat oats for breakfast and dinner?
Which lunch box is good and healthy for kids?
How can vegetables be unhealthy?
What foods can I eat and how can I modify my diet in order to improve my immune system?
How did tea drinking in the western world evolve to include milk and sugar?
If we outlawed cruel factory farming practices, could America still get enough food provided we didn't change our diets?
Is turkey healthier than chicken is?
What will happen if I eat pappaya during the pregnancy?
How could I eat a vegan keto diet?
What are the benefits of eating barnacles?
What is an ideal teenage diet?
What happens physically if a person eats a lot and gets fat?
Is eating 3 apples a day too much for our body?
What are some foods that have no protein?
How should I encourage myself from not eating too much? I feel hungry all the time. I am 168cm tall and weigh 60kg.
How can I control myself from eating gol-gappas (puchke)?
I can't stand vegetables, why is that?
What will happen if I start to eat rice again?
What are some examples of common foods that do not contain carbohydrates?
What should I eat to improve my health and skin?
Should I eat late nights or sleep with an empty stomach? Scientifically, which would be a good option?
Are animals that chew cud healthier than others?
When is the right time to have fruits?
What are the health benefits from eating tangerines?
Am I supposed to eat more protein food on my workout day or my rest day?
Do you have any tips for starting a plant based diet?
How do I train my 3 yr old to eat fruits?
Which food can I eat as much as I can but it would not make me fat?
What is the ready to eat food item you can make in your room?
Why do the American diet lack fiber?
What are the consequences of eating a lot of anti-psychotics everyday?
What are some of your favorite healthy meals from restaurants?
What are the benefits of including scrambled eggs in your diet?
Can I eat dōTERRA oil?
What could possibly happen if you eat a bad egg?
Why in our health system is the delivery of health treatments often inefficient, ineffective, and consumer unfriendly?
What are some foods that cannot be digested?
Why do we need to take fiber in a keto diet?
What are foods to eat/avoid with hypothyroidism?
What is the main difference between monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats in terms of health benefits?
Would supplementing a vegetable powder to my diet be worthwhile since I rarely take in vegetables?
What is the dosage of the IME -9, and is it taken in before food or after food?
How easy can it be to turn healthy eating habits into an eating disorder?
Can I eat momos in weight loss diet?
What is the best American meal you've had?
What is the best food to detoxify our body? And shed some kilos easily?
What are some good ways to consume protein on a vegan diet?
Is wasting cake more fun than eating it or giving it to a person who wants to eat it?
I feel hungry all the time. Also I am overweight and I eat a lot. How can I stop this?
What should I eat for a snack?
What happens if you eat raw chickpeas?
How should my nutrition be if I want to pursue a one meal per day diet?
How can I stop eating unhealthy and fatty food? I want to lose weight even though I am not very fat.
Why is eating a drumstick beneficial?
Why do Indian people not want to eat healthy food?
What is the difference between the calorie in food and the calorie in chemistry?
What is the best carb blocker, specifically for artificial sweeteners and sugars?
Is meal replacement better for weight loss? If so, what are the best meal replacements in India?
Which kind of food shouldn’t I eat during pregnancy?
If oatmeal is good for one's arteries, why can't I wash it off a pot or a bowl after cooking?
Is it healthy to eat fruits as your breakfast?
What is your favorite unhealthy food?
What are some vegetarian foods which can help with increasing iron in the body, for a diabetic male of age 60?
How many times a day do Japanese people eat?
How much fat, protein, carbs, fibre required for 2700 calories?
How can you get elasticity in soya chunks (nuggets) like meat?
Is eating meat healthy?
Are the nutrients of the fruits and vegetables destroyed when making sauces/salsas?
Which type of food should one eat while studying?
What is the healthiest kind of cheese?
What are some healthy but great tasting snacks?
Could a dairy-centred diet based primarily around milk, cheese, yogurt, etc. be healthy?
What if I eat only vegetables, fruit and water? Will I lose weight (fat) faster?
How long will I live if I eat right and exercise?
If all food that is currently safely edible were evenly distributed among each person on Earth, how long would a single given person's food last?
Is it healthy to train on an empty stomach, especially when you are 13?
Is soybean oil good for one’s health?
What almost salt free processed, not fruits/veggie, food can I buy in a supermarket?
What are the health benefits of cane sugar and beet sugar?
What is the most effective method of studying?
How do I identify and define my cravings for food?
What are the health benefits of beet roots?
Is dates eating [one per day] add to your cholesterol level?
Do ants develop diabetes eating a lot of processed sugar?
What are foods and drinks for those with reflux issues that aren't bland?
What is the best way to eat bitter gourd for diabetics?
What is the least messy way to cut and store a watermelon?
How often are your meals vegetarian (outside of breakfast)?
How can I eat 1,000 calories a day and lose weight?
How do I make a diet chart?
How do I transport delicate food items, like papad, etc., in bulk quantities?
Why aren't companies forced to use realistic portion sizes for nutrition labels rather than very small servings?
Is it good to have juice at night?
What food is good for a diabetic?
Does garlic become bad and useless after deep freezing for some days?
What are the risks of eating raw chestnuts?
Will a diabetic person's A1C test results be affected by the recent addition of iron supplement to his or her diet?
What healthy foods am I able to blend safely in a blender to make smoothies?
What is the best way to eat pork rind?
How do I find the best diet for me?
Is soy milk really bad for men?
Is unsweetened almond milk healthy for losing weight?
Can homemade smoothies or juices be meal replacements for awhile, until I drop a few pounds?
What is the ideal diet for losing weight for a teenager?
Is it unhealthy to lose weight by just eating healthy and not exercising at all?
How good is BITS Pilani for CSE as compared to the IIIT in Hyderabad?
Is it dangerous if I eat 900g of Greek yogurt a day?
How effective is a three-month diet?
What are the health benefits of Tulsi Green Tea?
What are tips to stop eating snacks?
Can you get obese without overeating, only eating normal amounts of healthful, unprocessed foods?
Are there any Easter eggs that suits someone on a Keto diet?
Why am I bloated every time I eat?
What happens when you eat the same food for a year?
What increases one's body temperature more: when you eat pasta or when you eat potatoes?
Why do most people not eat the "strings" that appear after peeling a banana?
Is it true that my body benefits only from the protein I eat the day before?
I've stopped eating proper dinner (eat just an Apple or any fruit) for more than 8 months now. Will this affect me?
Is there a certain age where it's "too late" to reverse the effects of a high-sugar diet?
Is 10 thousand steps enough in a day to be healthy?
Are there any meals that should always be avoided on a restaurant menu?
Does milk keifer live grain have protein or any health benefit?
How much canned tuna is it safe to eat per week?
Is eating muskmelon good for constipation?
Why it is a bad idea to drink water over fruits?
What is the best diet, if you’re over 65 and have hypothyroidism?
How do Cultures live on a diet with only bare basics?
What is the best meal/diet plan for someone living in Nigeria?
What essential cookware/utensils should someone buy for meal prepping? What sizes are best for a dedicated meal-prepper?
Which vegetarian food can I consume to reduce redness on my skin in like 7 days?
What do we have to do to have a healthy, full lifetime?
Is sabudana good or bad for one’s health?
Is it okay to have a meal after exercise?
Please analyze. Should any changes be incorporated in my diet?
Why are McDonald's salads considered unhealthy?
What is the best time to eat papaya?
Will changing my dietary mix of protein, fat, and carbs change my microbiome?
How do our bodies decide what to eat?
Can I eat sardines when I feel sick?
Are vegetarians more prone to cancer, considering spinach and other green foods contain 30 times more nitrites than meat?
What will happen if I eat only khichdi for 30 days?
Do you have to stay away from sugar when you are dieting?
What do I need to run a food delivery business for restaurants that prepare the food?
What should I eat or do, when I feel hungry after drinking green tea?
Are there any physical and emotional differences between rice eaters and wheat eaters?
What healthy food recommendations do you have for someone with no sense of smell / little taste?
Were "All of world's scientists" right when they told us not to drink whole milk and and not to eat eggs?
What are the great healthy food recipes you make from home?
Is birch leaf tea (a cup a week) healthy or unhealthy? I’ve read Xylitol is pretty bad and birch has quite a bit of it.
Is eating meat everyday good for health?
How do I eat healthily, if I live in Blackburn, Lancashire?
Is an all-fruit diet for 2 weeks good for you?
What is the daily intake of biotin?
What essential protein is one missing in a vegan diet that can be found in a meat based diet?
Is rice cooked as supper and left over night a healthy breakfast?
If turmeric is so healthy, why isn't curry a health food?
What are the long-term effects (if any) of eating around 200 grams of chocolate a week (in one sitting) given an otherwise overall healthy diet?
We have a baby plan. What are the vitamin tablets & tips you would suggest for a healthy pregnancy?
What juices from the grocery store are healthy for losing weight?
What healthy bread do I eat to lose weight or is it better to not eat bread?
How can one follow a strict plant-based diet even though several processed foods contain animal products?
What happens if I eat veggies and fruits every day?
What healthy foods can I blend in a blender to make healthy smoothies, milkshakes and juices?
Will blending spirunel, maca, chia seeds and fruits kill the nutrients?
What kind of paneer is good for health and advisable?
I eat very fast and I have to consciously slow myself down. Is that good or bad?
What are the nutritional values of different dry fruits? Is it a good idea to have mixed dry fruits daily?
Is a fat-free diet good for losing weight?
Will one day of eating too much sugar ruin gains?
Why doesn’t the % of specific fats add up to the total fat on a "nutritional facts" label on food?
What will happen to my body if I eat more than 3 banana in a day?
What nutrients is a diet of only wheat bread most deficient in?
Is maida healthy with added oil?
Why do I get hungry faster when I take fruits after meals, Is It better digestion or waste of food by fruit acids?
What is a smoothie?
Which is the better way to get coconut meat, heat method or freeze method?
Why do 2 identical food items need extra cooking time (than one item) in a microwave?
Should I eat avocado seeds? Are they poisonous?
When will people try to change their food habits to be healthier?
What is the protein free diet? And Is it different from low protein diet?
How healthy is a skinless apple?
Why is banana nut bread considered healthy?
Is it possible to practise the 'Jain' diet in the USA?
What foods increase iron?
What are the health benefits of organic grape seeds?
Do I have to eat 4000 calories a day in order to build muscles?
What diet should I follow before and after exercise?
Do people really die eating jackfruit after drinking cool drinks?
What kind of a blender do I need to make good healthy smoothies, juices and such to lose weight?
What are the best foods to eat in the 8 hour lead up to a match?
What is the best diet for a disease-less life?
Is it safe to consume adaptogens every day?
Should I stop eating panic poori on the Roadside to increase my standard?
I saw a video about making plastic eggs. Is that really true?
Is it true that expired yogurt is healthier?
What kinds of activities are good for children’s health?
What is the difference among calories obtained from protein, fat and carbs?
Is it true that modern-day industrially grown fruits and vegetables have almost no vitamins, minerals and antioxidants and are therefore unhealthy?
Do animals we feed with our food get the same nutrition as we do?
Can a diet of only unsalted cashews make you fat?
Is there such a thing as healthy baked goods that taste good?
Which is healthier, beef or goat meat?
What can be described as healthy eating?
How do I practice picking the best watermelon and under what conditions can I apply each method?
Is there a way to switch to the keto diet without the initial troubles?
Can 300ml of spinach juice that has 1 apple and 1 carrot give enough protein, fiber and any other required nutrition to the body?
What characteristics define a nutritious meal?
How can l know more about foods knowlege?
How many dry dates should I eat per day?
Can diabetic patients eat watermelon on a daily basis?
DASH diet is very difficult for me to follow, are there any other diet forms to lower blood pressure?
Is processed food really good for our health?
Why do anorexics use carb and starch blockers if they do not eat? Does it or can it eliminate fluid calories more quickly?
What can I do now to improve my health after a crash diet?
How can I stop making excuses and actually start to exercise and eat healthy?
Are soya products bad for men?
Is it healthy to eat sweet dish after every meal?
Which diet plan should you follow for fat loss?
Is drinking a hot beverage before sleeping good or bad?
What are the health benefits of eating ice cream?
Is a paleo diet good for health?
Why is fermented food not considered bad for health?
Is it safe to eat just chicken breast and broccoli for 2 weeks?
What are the health benefits of eating shallots?
I love chocolate and I don't know if the amount I am consuming is healthy. How many bars can I eat a week?
Can you obtain all necessary nutrients eating only canned goods?
What's the best method of cooking food (especially meat) if you meal prep and have to eat the meals cold?
What is the best way for eating, formula and perfect guide for all nutrition healthy food?
What foods should we eat to obtain fats?
Has anybody anywhere cured themselves of gallbladder stones using nothing but natural ways and healthy food?
How much should I be eating per day?
What can I eat as a college student to lose weight? What are food plans that a college student can do with the foods named?
I suffer from acne. What treatment is recommended?
How do I pick a proper ingredient for healthy snack from differnt kind of flours and yam?
How important are nutritional drinks for children?
Are In-N-Out burgers healthier than McDonald's burgers?
How can I get slim in a healthy way and healthy diet?
What are some ways food is altered that could be making it bad for our health?
Which part of red chilli is good to eat, skin or seeds?
How do l make fruit ripen faster?
Can you provide me a diet chart with low-carb foods for gaining lean muscle and fat loss?
What are the consequences to one's health of eating more junk food?
In Vedas, it is advised to skip a meal after the sunset, and on Tuesday, fasting people take heavy meals for dinner. Why?
What is the rationale behind the recommendation for a daily protein intake of 0.8 grams per kilogram of body weight?
I'm trying to eat more food to gain weight, but some times I feel my stomach and all my belly unstable, why?
What diet should I take to get more nutrients from less eating?
What are the causes of a bad diet?
Scientifically speaking, is stevia safe for human health?
What are some diet tips for lupus patients?
What healthy vegetarian food can be given to a street puppy?
Is a low carb (less than 30gm), low fat (20 gm) but high protein diet beneficial for fat loss?
Why do people eat out so often in America if it's so unhealthy?
If I don't get tired of eating the same foods for lunch every day, what should I meal prep to work for maximum fullness?
How do cricketers manage eating healthy food?
What should I do if I want to eat proper meal but I can't digest it?
What happened to the Nutella controversy?
What are the benefits of being on a Froot Loops diet?
What thing can a woman both put on and eat?
How can I keep my liver healthy?
Should fruits such as berries and apples be bought organic even if they are washed thoroughly before eating them?
What are the best foods to be consumed during night shifts?
Why is paprika considered to be bad for you?
Why is eating risotto considered fattening?
Does raw unsalted nuts intake impact the floor of bile in faeces?
What are the health benefits of eating caraway?
What is it like being on a Froot Loops diet?
What are best foods to avoid gout?
As much as it would make people healthy, would societies whose diets are mainly based on local produce be sustainable?
Do I maintain my bulking diet while on a rest?
Why are scrambled eggs considered good for you?
How do you keep lysosomes healthy?
What foods should I eat and avoid, having asthma?
Is it true that we can't distinguish potatoes from apples if we eat them with our noses sealed?
Why do we usually eat something sweet after meals and not before?
Are throwing glass jars a healthy way to vent anger?
How often can you eat chips and not get fat?
Have you ever been tired of all food and had no idea what to eat?
How do I stop eating while studying?
What is a healthy way to regain a couple of kilos while being on a tight budget as a master's student?
What are the healthiest foods available in India?
How can I stop eating and get back to where I was?
What is a good gout diet?
Is it better to have a heavy lunch and a very light breakfast & dinner?
Why should I eat every bit of food served on the plate?
Is full English breakfast healthy?
Why is spaghetti squash considered good for you?
Will I get sick from eating too much kale?
What are the best foods to eat during nightshifts?
How do I eat less animal products. Any recommendations for a fairly priced breakfast, still offering a bunch of protein and calories?
Can you live a healthy life on a diet that contains no carbohydrates?
What is a good way to follow a keto diet?
What meals should I eat before a late basketball game?
How can vegans eat organic vegetables knowing they're grown in animal manure fortified with bone and blood meal and fish emulsion?
What are some of the nutritional and medicinal properties of chickpeas or garbanzo beans?
List of some quick & healthy breakfast recipes that kids love to eat?
What is an ideal diet plan for women?
Is it okay for someone to do cocaine 3 times a day and go the whole day without eating?
What happens if you take a carb blocker before a sugary drink? Does it eliminate it quickly and where do these sugars go?
Does the total amount of calories decrease when baking foods—especially meats—or does only the total fat reduce?
Do other countries eat as much unhealthy food as the USA?
What are some alternatives to antidepressants? I already volunteer, exercise, and eat healthily.
Can you eat Oscar fish?
Why do people say, 'Eat fruit instead of drinking its juice'?
Is the ready brek diet good for bulking?
Is eating fruits harmful to people suffering from diabetes?
What are the best foods to eat during night shifts?
Is monosodium glutamate good for one’s health?
Why is it easier to go to the gym a few times each month instead of changing the way we eat?
What valuable nutrient do you struggle getting enough with diet alone?
What are the health benefits from eating starfruit?
Which diet causes less suffering: vegetarian with dairy or pescatarian without dairy?
Is wine good or bad for your health?
What should one eat if he/she is studying for whole night?
What do you want to learn more about your health?
What are the benefits from eating sushi?
Why are Germans so obsessed with eating exactly one hot meal a day?
What are the benefits of eating Jell-O while on a diet?
What kind of food must be avoided to have thin thighs as a woman?
Are there any negative health effects of having too many vitamins/minerals?
Why is teriyaki considered healthy for you?
Is it safe to cook different meats together on the same pan or tray, or is there a high risk of getting sick?
Can you eat expired chocolate?
Can I increase my sex power by eliminating sugar from my diet?
What are some homemade snacks (lentils, salad, fruit, etc., diet-based) for IT working people during their break times?
What are the healthy recipes which can be carried in office (cooked at 7 am) and eaten by snacks time (consumed at 4 pm) everyday?
How is your fruititarian diet going? What are the good things you found out about you or the diet, and what are some not so great things?
Besides being gross and rude, is double dipping food really so bad?
What if I eat once I day?
Is junk food good for us?
What are the health benefits of eating wild hogs?
What are free radicals? What foods can I eat to prevent them?
How healthy or unhealthy would it be to exist purely on a diet of fresh fish and water?
Has anybody examined the consequences of a high-fat, high-fiber diet?
Are these healthy ingredients for yogurt: modified milk ingredients and active bacterial cultures?
Would a snack consisting of 3 caramelized onions and two strips of bacon divided into bits be considered healthy or unhealthy?
What’s the best food to eat before a track scrimmage?
Is drinking fruit smoothies bad?
Why don't some people eat the durian fruit?
Why does meat cause acidic enviroment and fruit basic enviroment?
What are the healthy and convenient ways to cook peppers?
How do you find the "Sweet Spot" between healthy and indulgent?
Why do I feel heaviness in the stomach after having only few sweets but not when I eat the same amount of rice?
Why are Germans so fixated on having exactly one hot meal a day, not more and not less?
How does Seltzer make you fat?
Because fruit is full of sugar and carbs, should I eliminate it from my weight loss diet and eat protein rich foods only?
What's your opinion on the keto diet?
What are the health benefits of frozen veggies?
What is the best time to order a meal from Sprig?
For long-term health and performance, should I cut out fruit in order to avoid sugar intake? I get virtually no sugar/fructose from other sources.
Is it more unhealthy to eat 1 donut every day per week or eating 7 donuts once a week?
How do body builders find the time to eat enough food in a day?
Why do people consider lean-cut meat healthy and fatty meat unhealthy?
What are the least healthy foods?
As a female looking to lose weight and fat, is it better to eat a macro-focused meal plan, a low calorie plan, or a low carbohydrate meal plan, in order to optimize fat loss?
Is Lactaid healthy?
How can I control my eating habits?
If veganism is the healthiest diet, why do people need to take supplements?
Should I eat more calories to accelerate muscle growth?
Is soaking dry fruits and nuts in honey good for men's health?
How does eating tilapia help with a human's cholesterol levels?
How do I get a proper veg health diet in Bangalore for a bachelor?
Is beef broth after a load of protein healthy for you?
Why am I not able to eat more food as before, after I had started doing fitness exercises and yoga for 2 days?
How long can cooked frozen food stay fresh in the fridge? How many days would it take for cooked frozen food to defrost & be ready to take to work?
Which cheese is the best and healthier?
Why do people criticise China for eating dogs but not USA for eating / selling too much beef, sugar and fat?
What are the benefits of garlic?
How much vision can a healthy man have?
Has anyone said you’re over doing diet and exercise?
What are the health benefits of matured cheese?
Why is Special K bad for your organism?
What is the best diet for a twelve hour long swimathon?
Why is ham considered healthier than turkey?
Is eating once a day healthy?
Does cancer survival improve by following a strict vegan diet vs a Mediterranean diet?
Has anyone ever profited substantially from selling "non-fat" food that actually had fat?
How severe would the effects of the cold be on a person who has a very poor diet?
What are the best 3 diet meals to eat in a week?
How is Jaljeera healthy for us?
Why are we advised to not eat cold food after hot food?
What is healthy diet?
What are the Norwegian's choice of food?
Which vegetables should you eat to protect from cancer?
What should I eat during Navratri as a substitute for boiled chicken?
What are the side effects from eating to many blueberries?
How healthy is milk for you?
How do I change the eating habits/diet of my 5-year-old girl? She is very reluctant to taste anything new/spices.
Which is the best food that kid should eat daily for good eyesight?
Does the potato contain all nutrients needed to sustain a human?
Can you share your experience about living on a raw diet?
If you could magically remove all the calories, what meal would you eat every day?
What are the most common habits that stop people from getting fit?
How does sugar alcohol affect the brain differently than sugar?
Is it wrong to eat with your hands?
What are some quick, healthy meal preps for gaining weight?
Does eating one meal a day really work for weight loss?
What is the best cheap, healthy fiber bar?
Is there any point in eating vegetables on a low fat diet, since their vitamins are fat-soluble?
Why is eating food quickly more delicious?
Is it healthy to eat 10/15 oranges in a day?
Is drinking fruit smoothies everyday bad?
Why is the glycemic index of white bread higher than that of soy-lin bread?
What vitamins and diet are essential for fertility?
What diet should I follow to get sufficient nutrients? In my hostel the food is pathetic, and my body hurts very badly after the gym.
What are the health benefits from eating mashed potatoes?
Is Cellotherm treatment good for health?
Is it safe for a westerner to eat dry nuts in India?
What​ are the health benefits of donkey meat?
Is it healthier for my children to eat bacon, turkey sausage, and boxed pancake mix for breakfast rather than refined, sugary cereal?
What type of diet and vitamins are essential?
Does the faster fresh white bread go stale mean the more healthy it is, i.e. the less 'bad ingredients' it has?
Why is healthy competition considered good?
Is a no carbohydrates diet unhealthy?
Which one is healthier: a ketogenic diet (low carbohydrate, high fat) or a mostly plant-based diet?
Is it okay to eat cereal that contained a small moth?
What should my daily diet look like?
What are the health benefits of tangerines?
I’m still trying to build my abs. What’s the risks of not eating enough calories?
Can humans eat possums?
Why do kids love sugary foods but as they age, they enjoy it less?
What is the best diet plan for a higher secondary school student?
Is skipping breakfast or just having a glass of milk good for losing weight?
Which vitamin is hardest to ingest naturally from your diet?
What fruit juice can help a dehydrated person?
When is the best time to eat brown rice, before working out or afterward?
What are the healthiest ways to cook a steak?
How do I manage to stop eating junk food and get fit as a teenager?
Are there any junk foods that aren't really that bad?
Have people had success with the separation diet or the Hay diet?
Does eating non-vegetarian food stop you from seeing God?
Does a portion of fruit juice really count as 1 of the 5 a day?
What is the most ideal time to have fruits?
What should you do if the Atkins diet stops working?
Would you eat soya if you knew the debatable health risks posed by soya?
How do you get every essential nutrient in a whole food diet?
Is it healthy to drink decaffinated coffee?
What will happen if I eat oats daily for breakfast?
Does eating fruit continuously for 5 days without taking any other food (eating fruits instead of) affect our health?
What is the best fruit and food to keep the human heart healthy?
What is the way to neutralise phytoestrogens like isoflavones found in soy, wheat, and oats? Can plain cooking do the job?
What are some healthy breakfasts that can be prepared and eaten in 5-7 minutes, preferably with vegetables?
Why do we keep eating twinkies?
Can a diet high in calcium and protein halt and reverse male balding?
At the time of dating, do you have other ideas in addition to eating and watching movies?
What’s the best diet for gastrointestinal problems?
What kind of food can a person take if he is not interested in eating curds and drinking lassi?
How bad is take away food?
Which packaged food products in India contain vegetable oils? Should they be avoided?
Do stomach acids destroy some minerals and vitamins found in the foods we eat?
Do sugar and sodium neutralize one another in a diet?
How can I diet effectively for 4-5 months?
What are the foods to eat to prevent asthma?
How does a sugar health issue occur in a body? What are the best practices to avoid it?
How do Mixtard 30 users count carbs?
How do I stay active without eating healthy?
How do I become lean?
Can I make girls go crazy over me by lifting weights and eating healthy and make 9 figures a year?
Why do people continuously eat foods that they know will make them sick?
Where can I find someone who can analyze my daily diet and let me know if it is healthy or if I should make some improvements?
Is using ashwagandha or shatavari good for health?
What are some examples (cheese, meats or alcoholic drinks) of edible food items which are aged, fermented, or spoiled foods? How did these techniques develop?
What should a siliac patient eat?
Why do people follow the Paleo diet and not, for example, the Medieval European diet or the traditional East Asian diet?
Is promegranate juice good for diabetics?
Is it less unhealthy to eat fatty food all at once or dividing it into many small meals, considering the same portion size?
Lately, I've been trying to eat healthy, exercise and drink loads of water, so why do I have a bad stomach all the time, since starting this?
Is it possible for a 35 years old man to retrieve a flat stomach?
How many calories are consumed in a mid-day meal?
I'm feeling weak even when I eat and sleep healthy. What can I do?
To gain weight we have to eat a lot, but how do people who have a normal stomach digest so much food?
Does cheese have good cholesterol?
Which are the best multivitamins I can take at the age of 38 which do not have any side effects as I am not getting healthy food?
Why do some experts believe carbs are not bad for type 2 diabetics?
How do I persuade my girlfriend to quit dieting (by which she intends to get into good shape)?
Does unprocessed red meat really cause cancer?
What is a detox diet?
What are the benefits of eating Chinese food?
Is scampi good for you?
Why can't I stop eating? Although I had gastric bypass surgery and eat smaller portions I keep eating.
What is the effect of excessive sugar on early puberty for females?
Why am I farting a lot; when I am eating healthy food and in less quantity?
How do you eat raw wheatgrass?
Can I replace one of my meals every day with Soylent?
What is the best and healthy thing to drink/eat to keep you awake for very long hours?
What does Vinay Kumaran think of veganism? Is a vegan diet healthy if adhered to properly?
What are the long term effects of plant-based/mostly plant-based nutrition?
A person is eating boiled potatoes. Which food component is found in it?
What is a quick healthy breakfast that I can get in somewhat bulk at the store and I don't have to keep it in a fridge or freezer?
What is the perfect diet for college students?
What are the effects of eating food too fast?
Is a tuna and brown rice diet healthy?
Is any nutritional value lost when vegetables are cooked to a crisp in a microwave oven?
What are the health benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the best low carb diets for a vegetarian?
Is there a good thickener (not gelling agent) without significant quantity of carbohydrates?
What is the nutritional value of homemade hummus?
What is the diet I should follow to get abs?
What are some ways I could incorporate vegetables in my breakfast with very little time? Prep the night before is possible.
In an army camp, there is food for 10 weeks for 1,600 people. After 5 weeks, 400 more soldiers joined the camp. For how many more weeks will the food last?
How do I include green leafy vegetables into a weight loss diet?
Why does eating carbohydrate rich foods make you tired?
What can one eat on a low carb high fat diet?
If I eat before bed will it keep me awake?
Is it good to eat banana and drink milk on an empty stomach?
Is too much feminism bad?
What is the healthiest sports drink?
What are the foods which have less calories and more nutrients, like honey?
Is flavored oatmeal good for you?
Why are chicken breasts healthier meat than chicken thighs or chicken legs?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
What is the optimal diet one should eat to optimise work productivity and alertness?
Which foods are best avoided in hyperactive children?
Is it okay to eat stale licorice?
How can you process food?
What are some good lunches to take to work?
What's in a traditional Italian simple salad served with meals?
What are the demerits of a ketogenic diet?
What is an example of a day of moderately healthy meals and calorie intake?
Should I continue to weight train as I can't eat high protein diet as I am suffering from high uric acid problems?
Why do we need to eat vegetables?
Is drinking milk at supper healthy?
How can I have the self-control to not eat something unhealthy, when I really want it and I'm hungry?
Does wheat have two cotyledons?
I'm addicted to carbs (because I live in Asia, where staple food is rice and noodles). How do I start to cut down carbs healthily?
How can I lose my belly fat faster?
How do you eat only when you're hungry, if you have family and friends who expect you to eat together at meal times, even when you’re not hungry?
Why do we die from not eating?
How do I know if I am healthy?
How late is a period that is considered unhealthy?
What are some good recipes that contain oatmeal or grits?
Due to my job and study, I have to eat street food. I do have tension about cancer or any other diseases. How can I restore my body?
Can we eat ice cream with inflamed tonsils?
Why do people who eat less are fat and people who eat a lot (like me) are not fat?
What method of fasting is best for boosting one's immune system: to drink just water and zero calories, or to take very small meals, and if so, of what?
How are herbicides harmful for our health?
How do I eliminate the habit of skipping meals almost everyday? It is resulting in huge weight loss and I am already underweight.
Can you lose weight just by eating healthy?
What food has changed your life for the better?
Is the eating of beetroot salad in any way harmful for a diabetic person?
Is it healthy that I eat 10-15 servings of fruit and vegetables per day?
What is the best solid food to eat after suffering from Diarrhoea?
Exactly what are you tasting when you eat food? Can you taste the carbs in bread? Or the fat in an avocado?
What are the good and bad fats in food?
How you could bare a diet to lose weight?
What are some healthy ingredients to sweeten your meals/drinks?
Has anyone had bad effects from eating raw onions?
What is the treatment for fibroids, and what diet plan should we follow?
Can a scientist extract the nutrients from food and make it into the form of a liquid so we can inject it into our veins directly without eating the food?
What do people mostly eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner in your country?
Is there a place in India where fresh wheatgrass juice is sold?
Every time I travel, I'm constipated. Where has all that food gone? It's been a week, three meals a day, and I don't feel or look any different.
Is eating 400g of olives and 200g of brie over the space of about an hour and a half while stoned considered healthy?
Is Boston Market a relatively healthy fast food option?
Can you eat to much fiber?
What are the disadvantages of avoiding breakfast?
I have severe anal pain when I eat certain kinds of food; also, I am not constipated. So what else could this be?
Has anyone considered CSGO to be an unhealthy game?
What are some common food or family traditional food that you don't like but eat anyway to avoid the fuss?
Are whole lentils more nutritious than whole wheat bread?
Is roasted gram ("Bhuna chana") beneficial for your health?
Is it healthy to drink decaffinated coffee?
What is the perfect diet before a twelve hour long swimathon?
Is this diet plan healthy?
What are the differences between how our body processes proteins and carbohydrates?
Why are there so many contradictory views on what good nutrition is?
What is the best fruit and food to keep the human heart healthy?
Is it healthy to take bread and cheese with milk at breakfast?
What happen to your body when the food you eat did not digest?
What is the best food to eat in England?
What kind of food can a person take if he is not interested in eating curds and drinking lassi?
How do I eat better since I am a kid?
Is it easier to get healthy food today?
How did society adopt the routine of eating three meals a day?
Do stomach acids destroy some minerals and vitamins found in the foods we eat?
I hear that mind, body and spirit must be balanced to be healthy. How do I find this balance?
As it is a known fact that excessive sugars are bad for health, why are companies allowed to produce food with high sugar content?
Is a cup of oats with 1¹/² cup of whole milk heavy enough to consume daily in breakfast?
How does the fast of Dawood compare to a regular diet?
I am thinging of starting a diet and I've never liked vegetables what are some good recipes to start with?
How can I diet effectively for 4-5 months?
Lentils have about 24 grams of protein when they are raw. How can you keep that amount when they are cooked (instead of 9 grams)?
What would happen if I eat a lot of amla or drink a lot of amla juice?
What is the best time to have wine, before or after a meal?
It is true that we can/should eat a lot at breakfast?
Which cheese is the best and healthiest?
What’s a good diet for a 65-year-old woman to lose fat?
Why are complex carbohydrates better than eating sugar all day in small amounts?
Does adding a lot of spice to your meals have a negative effect on your health?
How healthy is it to eat bananas which have been picked green left to ripe?
Why do we eat a starter before the meal?
What are the problems caused by eating red meat?
What should a siliac patient eat?
What are the healthy snacks I can give my toddler?
Is quinoa good for health?
What diets do people abide by and is it because of medical reasons, lifestyle or a statement?
I am hungry but not want to eat, I eat only 3-5 time full diet meal in a week other time I just eat chips or drink tea, smoke something wrong with me?
Is promegranate juice good for diabetics?
What should we have for breakfast?
How is food insecurity measured?
Are brown rice and whole wheat noodles excluded in the paleo diet?
Is it a good idea to pack food for the whole week at once?
What foods should I be eating when working out?
Why is it so difficult to eat completely raw?
Is eating a whole pizza with water every now and then unhealthy?
According to the experts, if we want to maximise our chances of living as long as possible, how often can we eat unhealthy food?
Does cheese have good cholesterol?
Can you get protein toxicity from a vegan diet?
Why do I have a stomachache after eating?
Will the excessive intake of natural sugars lead to diabetes?
Can you give me a list of healthy breakfasts that give you a lot of energy?
Is it healthy to have plain simple yogurt/curd every day after lunch?
What are the health benefits of nectarines?
It's the second time I hit the gym, and my diet has been perfect, but I weighed myself and I stayed the same. Why?
Is there a non-GMO or healthier version of Total cereal?
Why do we like crunchy foods, but not tough ones?
Why do people soak groundnuts in water overnight before eating?
Why do we process raw sugar and get the white one rather than just using it in its original form?
What’s a tasty but nutritious food item in India?
What will happen if we change our meal timing, like taking lunch during breakfast time and vice versa?
What type of diet must be followed by a person who is pure vegetarian and want to lose weight?
After eating a banana, how much time should we wait to eat an egg?
What are your biggest struggles around food, feeling good in your body and a healthy lifestyle?
Is the food good at the United World College of the Adriatic (UWCAD)?
If research and evidence suggest that we survive longer with near-zero food why then is it that the recommended daily intake is "average" or "more"?
What is better, rice or roti (for a normal healthy person)?
What is the best time to eat chicken?
How can you keep your digestive track healthy?
What is a healthier alternative to chocolate for snacking?
How can I make myself eat faster and eat more? I’m so lean, and I wanted to eat more, but I couldn’t. How can I increase my weight?
Does cooking raise the carb content?
If beans are healthier than noodles and rice, why do so many seem to prefer the latter?
When counting macros, should I include fiber carbs in the daily carb intake?
Do you think that eating healthy food is easier or more difficult today?
What is the nutritional value of homemade hummus?
How do you avoid unintentionally eating halal food?
What are some ways I could incorporate vegetables in my breakfast with very little time? Prep the night before is possible.
What can I do to stop eating my moustache?
What is the most nutrient-dense snack?
Is Airfryer food healthy?
How do I include green leafy vegetables into a weight loss diet?
What are some of your best healthy life tips?
Is it healthy to drink milk daily as a breakfast?
Why do hypertensives ask to lower or reduce salt intake?
Do you feel overwhelmed with the different kinds of diet out there like anti-inflammatory diet, paleo, etc.?
What is the nutritional value found in a veggie burger with bacon?
What will happen to you if you had a diet of only apples for two years?
How can I get healthier in 1 minute?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
Why do human beings enjoy crunchy foods?
How should I take pilex tablets before meals or after meals?
Would I still get hungry if I didn't eat, but somehow got all the nutrients I need?
Is it okay to eat stale licorice?
Which Indian foods have no carbs?
Is it true that you can get muscular eating nothing but junk food as long as you remain in a calorie deficit?
What are the health consequences of eating three cloves of garlic and half inch of ginger on an empty stomach daily?
What are the risks of eating yeast?
Is eating unripe fruit unhealthy?
What do I eat if I have stomach cancer?
Should I continue to weight train as I can't eat high protein diet as I am suffering from high uric acid problems?
I am a girl and I am fatty… so what should be my diet chart?
Why do we need to eat vegetables?
Is drinking milk at supper healthy?
I ate 400 g of fish fingers today and I feel awful. Is that too much food for a day?
How often should you fast on the low carbs high protein diet?
How do they check for smuggling in ports when tons of food items and electronic equipment is being traded?
What vegetables in rice pulao will help me to complete my micronutrient requirements (see image in details)?
Who can help me make seasoning for Namkeen Industries?
What is the basic fundamental rule to follow on sleep diet?
I'm addicted to carbs (because I live in Asia, where staple food is rice and noodles). How do I start to cut down carbs healthily?
I eat my own semen. Is this bad for me?
How do I take amla juice with aloevera juice?
How do owners of fast food restaurants feel knowing that their food isn't good for their customers’ health?
We have much content for recipes and daily nutrition on the net. Is it completely helping to plan, follow and track our eating habits?
With so many kind of diet to choose, how do you choose a diet plan for your health?
If an adolescent was to consume alcohol in controlled portions, could they still reap the supposed health benefits in the same way an adult would?
What are Vivek Mittal's views on GM diet?
Are Jif peanut butter bars healthy? Obviously, they're not the healthiest things in the world, but are they at least okay?
What method of fasting is best for boosting one's immune system: to drink just water and zero calories, or to take very small meals, and if so, of what?
What is that rush I feel when I eat carbs like oatmeal? Does it mean I'm gaining weight?
Do we know all of the carcinogen chemicals in plastic and cans, or are we still uneducated and risking getting ill from "BPA-free" items?
What will happen if I eat high protein foods but don't exercise much?
Do eggs really make us fat?
What are the good and bad fats in food?
What is the best diet to lose weight while breastfeeding?
Why are donuts considered healthy?
Have you tried the alkaline diet plan?
Can a scientist extract the nutrients from food and make it into the form of a liquid so we can inject it into our veins directly without eating the food?
I’m trying to drop 10 or 15 pounds and doing cardio. How often can I eat a cheat meal?
What is the difference between fasted cardio and fed cardio and which is more beneficial for weight loss?
Is sugar intake related to dermatitis?
What are some good recipes for cooking a healthy peanut butter sandwich?
What should I do to increase my boxer pup’s diet?
Do you have any healthy store-bought breakfast ideas?
What are your favorite simple taco recipes?
What should be the diet plan for gym beginners?
How healthy are MREs?
Assuming other nutrients are still provided, is there a means of safely forcing the body to use stored fat instead of calories from food?
What is better, soccer or netball? Which is healthier?
Why can food and drink be so pleasurable?
What is a balanced diet for a 35-year-old man in Bangladesh?
Why should breakfast not be skipped?
What happens if I choose to go on a fruit diet?
What are some of the best ready-made foods to eat for people with diabetes in India?
Does the chicken and broccoli diet work to lose weight?
I sweat a lot from my head while eating food. Why? How can I cure this?
What are some great, easily available, low carb food ideas?
What is a good salad that goes well with Italian food?
Does binge eating always involve some kind of food restriction in the first place?
Will I get fat if I eat 350g of Nutella once every 2 days for 2 months?
Do I have a disease or not, as I take hours to eat 4 or 5 chapattis and sometimes I vomit while eating food? If yes, then which?
What food items do you eat?
Does Thug Kitchen actually have healthy recipes?
What happens to your body if you eat one hamburger everyday for a week straight?
How do I stop from under- or overeating? Eating makes me nervous.
What all health care should be maintained from the age of 20 to have a healthy body and spine at 50 years old?
How much nutrition does kale retain when you make them into kale chips?
Is addiction to sugary foods and drinks something that has to do with empty feeling in life?
If I am cutting on a vegan diet and hit a plateau, should I lower my carbs intake?
What are the dangers of eating raw chickpeas?
What are healthy recipes that don't require a lot of ingredients?
How does cooked meat assimilate into the body, compared to a raw food like a banana?
What are some healthy diets for keeping livers and kidneys clean and healthy?
Are processed oats really healthy? I have read a few articles that say the contrary.
Is meat healthy for you?
Do bulk food manufacturers (Kraft, Horizon, etc.) set expiration dates earlier to increase sales?
What should I do after I eat edibles?
We sell natural millet noodles free from any preservatives like MSG, through our online traditional food store. Will you support us?
What are the health benefits of vanilla tea?
What are some tips to stay young, mentally and physically?
What are the five main and most important nutrients?
Is it ok to eat only coconut oil for breakfast?
How can I concentrate on my dieting?
What’s an example of a one-portion meal that a bodybuilder eats? What and how big is the portion?
Could I not eat food and survive if I had another way to intake calories?
What are the health benefits of consuming oyster sauce?
What are the health benefits of eating bowfin?
Which is more healthy? Eating high calorie foods little or eating low calorie foods plenty? (If both choices is healthy foods)
If I practice binge drinking daily for 2 months but barely eat, what will happen to me?
What is the purpose of a chewing tobacco pouch?
How can I stop eating junk food as a 15-year-old?
How does food affect individual physical aspects?
How do I lose 10 kg in 30 days?
Can you eat a meal faster with a drink or without?
What are the dangers of eating sunflower shells?
Which foods have high testosterone? I know pomegranates have lots, but which other foods or fruit?
What is a good, healthy way to stop flashbacks when you have them?
Which foods should I avoid to get lean?
Is it better to eat sweets after a meal?
Why is Ovaltine healthy?
Can you live off of eating bread?
Is it okay to eat corn flakes every day for breakfast?
Till when can we expect any positive procedure regarding cure of spinal injury that can bring little ease and independence in lives of quadriplegics?
Which is healthier refined sugar or refined stevia?
What is with these people who never eat fruits and vegetables?
What is a healthy curry that I can eat often, with meat, veggies, and surprise me?
To get to the perfect weight, should I separate meals by food groups, or separate the days by food groups?
What is the difference between a whole grain and other grains? While are whole grains considered healthy?
What are the risks of having an only soup and cereal diet?
Is eating bacon every morning bad for you?
Is fluoride unhealthy?
What are the benefits of a pineapple an tuna diet?
What diet shall I take for ligament problems?
Are 'safe' pesticides and herbicides still used on organic fruits and vegetables plantations?
How can eating fat be better than eating carbs for fat loss?
What is the nutritional value in ground nut?
Why can I gain weight on 3,500 calories on a regular fats, carbs, protein diet but not on 3,500 calories of eating a Keto diet?
How healthy or unhealthy is canned soup, like Sainsbury’s cream of mushroom for example?
Is a gluten-free diet healthy for very active people?
What would happen to my health if I ate 1 pound of Haribo Gummy Bears every day?
What are the benefits of having an only soup and cereal diet?
What are healthy foods for me? I hate milk, every fruit juice, what are the alternatives?
What is meant by eating carbs?
What is an effective diet for a patient having sugar 850mg/dl? What are the tablets to reduce the glucose level?
Is it worse to eat 125g of fat in one sitting or the same amount over a week?
Is pomegranate good for health? Does it have any nutritional benefits?
Is there anything in vegetarian diet which is substitute for eggs?
If diet is more important than exercise, why is everyone I know who focuses on exercise rather than diet in much better shape than vice-versa?
What can I eat while fasting (16:8 IF) to not break the fasting state of my body? What can I eat that's healthy and good for muscle-building?
Why do we soak almonds in water before eating?
Doing some kind of exercise immediately after eating something unhealthy, is this correct?
What would be the health benefits of drinking my own blood if I was thirsty?
How bad is Cinnamon Toast Crunch for you?
What would happen, if you exercise in a gym but don’t eat the appropriate nutrition? What should I eat?
What are the health risks of eating Toaster Strudels daily?
What is the cause and good food diet for hyperthyroidism?
How can you skip meals without wasting food or your family figuring out?
What diet should I follow to get sufficient nutrients, as in my hostel the food is pathetic, and my body hurts very badly after the gym?
I'm an older teen with a serious eating problem. How do I stop eating and overcome my constant cravings?
What healthy breakfast can I have in the morning when I am a vegetarian and can’t afford expensive food?
What will happen if I ate food that has been sprayed with mosquito repellent?
What is a Japanese diet?
Should we replace our meals with meal replacements?
How is it possible to have Vitamin B12 deficiency even if I drink a lot of milk?
What are some good recipes for oat fiber?
Will eating fatty foods increase body weight?
Are raisins healthy?
What are the health benefits of raw oatmeal?
Which vegetables should I eat to build muscles?
The last thing you ate is the food you have to eat for the rest of your life. What’s your situation?
If the only source of food was myself, what and how would I proceed?
What is the best formula you tried to boost your libido?
What are the health benefits of dried apricot?
Is it bad to drink tea and eat pinto beans?
What are some healthy recipes or meals for kids?
Is Airfryer food really healthy, & doesn't it have a bad effect?
What healthy foods have the least amount of protein or no protein?
What is the nutritional value of plain salad?
Is broasted chicken healthy?
What is the role of fish in a diet?
How do I concentrate on a diet?
If I skipped breakfast should I eat more later to make up?
Can you still be healthy if you eat a combination of junk and healthy food in a day?
How can a person who plays in sunlight have a vitamin-D deficiency?
What are lifestyle habits that keep you healthy?
Why is eating too much rice considered bad?
Is it necessary for adults to eat three times a day?
Can eating slowly cause any problem?
What are some examples of savoury foods?
What kind of potatoes are healthier, red or gold?
Does cow milk flush out calcium from bones?
Can we eat cod liver capsules during the summer?
When and why did Queen Elizabeth go on a lo-carb diet?
What is the best Indian healthy quick snacks I can prepare when I am living outside India?
What long-term effects does not eating healthy cause?
Can a bodybuilder live on just vegetables, fruits and water?
What will happen to your health condition if you eat at fast food restaurants most of the time?
What foods contain melanin?
Which is healthier: crisps or chips?
What will happen to my body if I stopped eating salt?
Why do I feel hot whenever I consume salty or sugary foods?
Why do I feel hungrier after eating meals on some days?
Is what you eat the day after a workout important too?
Does eating Cerelac make adults fat?
In what ways can grenadine be bad for your health?
Any food delivery service in Pune delivering high protein and low carb meals?
Are cooking sprays good for health?
Why do I look so skinny even if I eat well? What should I do to get a healthy body?
Can eating salt kill you?
What happens if I eat soy beans daily?
Why do people not understand all the negative impacts that non-organic foods have on us?
How do you prevent yourself from farting after eating prunes?
Why do some people eat the same things all the time?
How can I resist sweet food cravings?
What foods cause high blood pressure and/or what foods help reduce high blood pressure?
What foods fiber?
What are the health benefits of eating lemons while being pregnant?
What happens if you remove an energy yielding nutrient from your diet completely?
Are there still nutrients when you buy frozen vegetables?
On a nutrition label, does the total carbohydrate count for a particular food include the fiber content?
Are there any negative feedback/side effects of a one month intake of UAE's Nutridiet shakes?
What is the nutritional value of millet porridge?
Are vegan dolmas/dolmades/stuffed grape leaves good for you?
Is there any type of food that does irreversible damage to your body?
Is water as important as food?
What could be a nice name for a diet food Restaurant?
Can I eat oat meal, bread, and biscuits after a gallbladder removal surgery?
What happens if I eat kidney beans daily, is it good for building muscles?
Does a vegetarian eat vegetables in every meal? How often do you eat vegetables?
Do eating instant oats with peanut butter healthy? Is it a good combo?
Drinking coffee in the morning, which I need to function, causes overactivity in my gastrointestinal track. What can I do to counteract this?
Have any of you tried the WSLF vegan diet? Did you have good results?
If I weight 155 how much protein should I be eating?
Is it harmful or unhealthy to drink water while eating?
What nutrients does a salad and tuna diet provide?
What is the least fattening thing to eat before bed?
How can I find out what nutrients my diet lacks? What are the important nutrients and what food do they occur in?
What will happen to my body if I only eat chia seeds for a month?
Can you tell me your experience of eliminating sugar from your diet, both successful and unsuccessful?
Is 4 months old walnuts good to eat for health which taste little bitter?
Why, when you eat a specific type of food, do you become more inclined to eat similar foods?
What is a perfect meal the night before a soccer game?
Are frozen peas good for you?
If we didn't cut down on sugar intake, would humans start adapting to a high sugar diet?
Are mozzarella-topped French fries healthy for our organism?
As a teenager who loves to eat, how do I diet?
Can I do negative association when I eat and over eat?
Can I eat upma if I contracted typhoid ten days ago?
Which type of sugar is good for the health?
What are healthy substitutes for eating two granola bars each morning?
Does Vivek Mittal recommend Keto Diet for vegetarians?
What is the level of hygiene of canned fruit?
Is eating cilantro bad for health?
Is it good to consume right sugar tablets along with Glycomet GP2, twice a day?
What is a good liquid and food diet for maintaining healthy skin?
Why do I get severe stomach pain when I eat deep fried foods?
Do italians need to eat (or benefit from) olive oil more than most?
Are there any foods (or combinations of foods) that have been tested to extend longevity in humans?
How does a low carb high fat (LCHF) diet affect women? Is it sustainable?
How do I report the use of chemical on fruits by fruit merchant?
If you eat food high in oxalic acid such as chokeberry, should you eat more or less calcium?
I've been working out for about a year now and eat enough protein, and enough food in general, so why are my arms still so small and weak?
Is it unhealthy to skip meals, then make up for it by one large meal on a regular basis?
Can one ever feel full on a zero-fat diet?
Is it healthy to eat 10 to 16 oz of kale or spinach a day?
What would happen if I consumed less food and ran more?
Is the standard Chinese diet healthy?
Are grits healthy?
Why is healthy food costly and junk food cheap?
What would happen to my body and my fat if I ate only fruit and only drank water for a week?
What's healthier: white rice or couscous?
What does eating dry oats do?
What happens if I eat only protein and not enough carb after my workout?
What are the negative effects of food adulteration?
Have you tried eating fruits and vegetables without washing them? What happened?
What is it like to only eat one meal a day?
What are some healthy substitutes for mayonnaise?
Can you undo the effects of bad diet and exercise habits?
Why not appoint food nutritionist/s at store so that customers can be assisted to make healthy food choices despite confusion between different foods?
Why is the 'Harzer Käse' so cheap even though it is rich in protein and low in fat/carbs?
How much elements can you eat before it kills you?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
Is it okay (healthy) to drink a lot of apple juice, instead of water?
How do I avoid eating fast food as lunch or when I go eat out with family?
What are some healthy recipes for cooking curry sauce?
How do I gain healthy weight fast?
If I'm trying to stay below my 2,500 calorie limit, what should I eat for my remaining meals if I've eaten too much for breakfast?
Why is MSG unhealthy?
Is eating icecream safe?
Can the human body function properly without any sort of saturated fat in the diet?
How can I eat clean while living in a PG or hostel?
Why some people stay strong and healthy when they get old while others don't?
How do foods that contain proteins benefit our body?
What are some foods that are eaten more because they are expensive than because they taste particularly good?
Why did scientists take so long to finally understand that eggs, instead of being bad, are good for health?
What are three or more long term consequences of a poor diet?
What is a good example of a healthy eating persuasive speech?
What is a good Monday to Sunday diet plan for me?
What are good foods and recipes for someone with a severed vagus nerve?
If you have constipation due to eating too much animal fat, how do you solve this issue without eating carbohydrates?
What are the benefits of eating chicken bones?
How can you include argula into your diet?
How much do you know about eating fruits and drinking fruit juice?
What is the minimum amount of masturbation to stay healthy?
Are legumes bad for you?
Is it true that fast food do more harm than good?
How can raw eggs be bad, if the oldest verified person in the world (as of March 2017) has been eating two of them every day since 1919?
What​ are the health benefits of eating sardines?
What did you eat for lunch on 5/17/16?
What are some real ways to eat less?
What diet should I follow to have a glowing complexions?
What food should I eat to make my eyes healthier?
What kind of fruits help you digest food better and not have trouble on the toilet?
Why is a healthy diet the individual's responsibility?
Why is sesame oil good for you?
How are low acid fruit juices healthy?
When eating, do you rather eat standing up or do you rather eat sitting down on a table?
Would a macaroni cheese-based diet be reasonably healthy and sustainable?
Is chili good for health?
How do I buy food for my gym diet without a lot of support from parents?
What does a vegetarian eat and drink in a week and in a day? And what else do they eat besides vegetables?
Is masala oats healthy for dieting?
Why is it said that burnt toast is good for you?
What are some negative effects of eating too much tuna?
What are the health benefits found in Mexican relish?
Which is the most healthiest food and non-healthiest food?
What is the healthiest fast food milkshake?
What are the disadvantages of eating cold rice?
How do I have a perfect diet schedule?
What are the health benefits of eating goat meat?
Why do I weigh the same when I eat a lot and when I don't eat at all?
Can someone following a healthy lifestyle and healthy food habits live 100+ years, or is this just a myth now?
Is it bad for someone who doesn't do exercise to eat protein smoothies?
Which vegan diet should I follow to detoxify my body?
What is a weekly grocery store expense in London Ontario - a decent healthy eating?
If I'm getting enough vitamins and minerals from my current diet, how can I make my body absorb more?
What are the benefits of having a smoothie container?
How did people explain food spoilage before microbiology?
How much eggs should we consume a day?
Does the food we eat affect our thoughts, will power, etc.?
Has anyone ever tried the Almased diet?
Which oil is good for healthy cooking?
What are the health benefits of loquat leaves?
Can a breakfast cereal and milk diet be healthy?
What are the benefits of drinking milk with betel nuts?
If I microwave an apple for 20 seconds, will it die and decay?
What are some good meals and snacks for someone with type one diabetes?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
Why does eating spicy food make me angry?
How beneficial is fruit if you already get all the nutrition you need?
Do you think it is more important for you to eat healthy or tasty food?
What main nutrients should I eat when my family cant afford to buy healthy food because its expensive?
What should be done if someone tastes your food and says it’s bad or badly cooked? Don’t such people have any respect for food others are eating?
What is the best diet plan to get into as a ketogenic diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the difference between a good diet and a bad one?
What are the best and healthy sprouts?
What is the level of hygiene of canned fruit?
How much sugar is okay to eat in a day? Please give accurate answers and not random or guessed answers.
Is soy cheese healthy?
My boyfriend can go days without eating and won't be hungry, what could be wrong?
What happens if I eat very little during daytime and then have a really big dinner?
Can I survive with eggs, butter, olive oil, multivitamins, and water?
Is organic food better than the vegetables we buy in the supermarket?
What diet should I follow for increasing little weight with vegetarian diet?
What should I eat when I get home?
Can carom seeds (ajwain) be consumed daily? If so, how much and when?
Why do animals eat more food in winter than summer?
Is not eating for 2 weeks ok?
Is drinking fruit juice beneficial to our health?
How can consuming refined sugar negatively affect our health?
Is protein powder good for your health?
Is it unhealthy to skip meals, then make up for it by one large meal on a regular basis?
Can one ever feel full on a zero-fat diet?
Which is the main diet I should start in order to flush marijuana out of my body?
What are the pros and cons of eating fertilized eggs?
Is the standard Chinese diet healthy?
Is meat healthy for humans to eat?
What are the possible health benefits of natural proteins?
Is it racist if I only eat white bread and not wholemeal bread?
How can I make less oily foods?
Compared to someone who abruptly completely stops eating, will you live longer if you stop eating but take every OTC vitamin and mineral possible?
Which is the best diet you will recommend a 15 years old boy who lives in West Bengal to gain energy and be healthy and fit throughout the day?
How do I eat out and save?
Can I eat dates with tea?
What is the nutritional value of human skin? Could one survive off of eating their own skin?
How do I change my habits of eating healthy food over dieting?
Is drinking sugar water, good for health and how?
What would a shopping list for someone on a plant-based diet look like?
What is most healthy food item I can buy in RS 20?
Can you undo the effects of bad diet and exercise habits?
Is eating grapes good for your health?
What are the benefits of eating toasted banana bread?
Why is the 'Harzer Käse' so cheap even though it is rich in protein and low in fat/carbs?
Is it okay for a teenager to eat chips and candy, only if they do it once every week?
How much elements can you eat before it kills you?
What is the future of people on a diet?
What are the benefits of eating banana bread?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
Is cocoa good for your health?
Why is rice polished if un-hulled rice is healthier?
Is your personality shaped by what you eat?
What makes white rice unhealthy?
Do you think it's possible for veganism to be a diet only and not a lifestyle?
What are some healthy recipes for cooking curry sauce?
What are the benefits of eating carp fish?
What is the best way to eat German rock sugar?
What are the health benefits of pumpkin bread?
How often should I eat snacks and how can I keep it moderate?
What is considered processed foods?
If saturated fat and dietary cholesterol should be minimized, then will a high-fat/high-protein diet based in various mushrooms and avocados suffice?
What are three or more long term consequences of a poor diet?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What is a good example of a healthy eating persuasive speech?
What are recipes for low-sugar, low-fat sauces that go with vegetables or chicken?
What are some cheap zero calorie foods?
What are some quick healthy recipes?
What is a good Monday to Sunday diet plan for me?
Why can't we stay healthy throughout our entire life?
How can brands state that a ready-made meal is healthy, and with a shelf life of months or more, still good for consumption? Homemade food lasts 3/4 days.
Why is beef served in Delhi and UP so cheap? Is it of inferior quality? Is it safe to eat (in terms of health) or not?
Is eating broiler chicken and eggs bad for your health? What is a good source of protein then?
Can I have health mix porridge and egg whites as a post workout meal?
What should you eat and not eat after an appendicitis surgery? Is it true that you should not eat biscuits or potatoes?
Why do we have the general idea that eating GMOs and pesticides from food is still worse than the pounds of dust and dirt that we eat anyway?
Would you share a home-made recipe for me to make by myself?
Why are high calorie food producer companies fattening us up?
Which world city is known for its healthy food?
I've heard dark chocolate is super healthy for you. What makes them so healthy?
If you were to eat only local, native flora and fauna, then what would you eat in your area?
What are the best healthy fajitas recipes?
What​ are the health benefits of eating sardines?
What is your minimum budget for healthy eating?
How healthy is sugarcane juice?
How do I practice the oatmeal diet?
Have you ever tried to go on a diet? What kind of diet was it? Did it work?
How long should I wait to sleep after eating?
Why is a healthy diet the individual's responsibility?
Is The Chickery good for one’s health?
Is date juice healthy?
What are the benefits of consuming low acid fruit juice?
Does eating any specific type of food, e.g. 'unhealthy' foods or artificial flavours, etc. negate the health effects of other 'healthy' foods that are consumed?
Why is whipped cream bad for your health?
Is a Sunday roast healthy?
Does 'greens' mean vegetables?
Where can I get a free and personalized diet for fat loss or hypertrophy?
What are the health benefits of eating clementines?
Is Metrogyl 400 taken after or before a meal?
What has your experiences with the GAPS diet been like? Did it help anything?
What are the pros and cons of not eating vegetables?
What will happen if I eat only fruits in lunch?
What are the negative effects of quiche?
Why is it said that burnt toast is good for you?
What are you ladies' challenges to exercising and eating healthy on a consistent basis?
How can I improve my look, feel better and fresh and be healthier within just 10 days ?
How safe it is to eat dry oats?
What are the health benefits found in Mexican relish?
Is there some kind of super food that will extremely boost my health, energy, or well-being?
Which is the most healthiest food and non-healthiest food?
What is a diet plan for MNGIE patients?
Are deep fried foods bad for our health because our bodies haven't evolved to fully digest them yet?
What are the disadvantages of eating cold rice?
Why are the reports on the benefits of health foods so conflicting?
Can dieting cause low iron?
Should we peel off the soaked almonds before eating?
What are the best ways to achieve optimal daily nutrition?
What are the health benefits of eating goat meat?
How much can a girl eat? Is the below behavior good for one’s health? https://youtu.be/dLquOQ5c4zw
...
How did diets started in the first place?
Why is brown bread better for your health?
What is the easiest way to eat healthfully?
Is it entirely possible​ to create pills that can be used instead of food and still meet all of our nutritional needs? Why haven’t we done it yet?
Is it okay to have a cheat meal once a week?
Why is the use of balanced summary equations for metabolic studies of organisms with complex diets (many different food groups) impractical?
What are the health benefits of eating a croissant for breakfast?
If I'm getting enough vitamins and minerals from my current diet, how can I make my body absorb more?
How do we follow Keto diet without harming our body where no nutrition deficit happens?
How do fit people deal with fast food cravings?
What do you think of the statement that organic food is a scam?
Do chia seeds have any negative nutritional effects?
What does "eating clean" for fat loss mean?
Can you eat salmon everyday?
What should I eat/not eat to keep my voice healthy for singing?
What are the key factors behind the gluten free diet trend?
How many cups of Cadbury instant highlights would you need to drink to meet daily nutrition needs?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
If I microwave an apple for 20 seconds, will it die and decay?
What are some good meals and snacks for someone with type one diabetes?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
What should your daily diet be if you are running 20 kms in the morning?
Why do I snack all day?
What are the best packed meals that I can eat cold?
Is it healthy not to eat?
Would 100 percent grape juice be not as healthy as 100 percent orange juice because of insecticides?
Do you think it is more important for you to eat healthy or tasty food?
Do calorie deficits really work on a diet?
Is Powerade bad for your health?
What is appropriate to eat before running?
How do I convince my Chinese partner that the consumption of cold food or drinks has no negative medical consequences?
Are there milk drinks with added taurine, Te mate and soluble fiber?
What is the best diet plan to get into as a ketogenic diet for a diabetic patient?
How much saturated fat is good for an individual per day?
Why do someone eat too much?
How do I tell if I should be on a diet?
How healthy is a raw vegan diet and so called "superfoods"?
Which foods should I eat to get horsepower?
When nutritionists recommend a plant-based diet, are they saying that pasta is healthier than eggs and yogurt?
What's the real difference between eating natural foods and processed foods, and what are the effects of each on your body?
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
Are apple seeds healthy to ingest?
Is carrageenan non-synthetic in organic foods, since organic foods only carry non-synthetic ingredients?
Why does oatmeal give me nausea?
Which is healthier — brown or white rice? Is brown rice healthier than white rice? If so, why?
Is it fine to eat fruits at night?
What diet should I follow for increasing little weight with vegetarian diet?
Is an all-potato diet likely to sustain health?
What is the best way to satisfy my appetite without eating too much?
What do Scandinavians eat on a daily basis?
What is the most beneficial of all food items in terms of nutrition?
What is the importance of eating a balanced meal?
Does a keto diet cure depression?
What could be the health effects of eating mold-infected crops? How is this prevented?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
What are the possible health benefits of natural proteins?
What is the cheapest meal plan to meet 1,400-1,800 calories and 150g of protein per day?
Is it true you develop a craving for food that has nutrients your body needs?
Is pizza inherently unhealthy?
How can I make less oily foods?
What can I snack on without getting fat?
Can I eat dates with tea?
How do I change my habits of eating healthy food over dieting?
What are the health benefits of eating plain corn flakes?
Do Indians eat too much?
Why is rice polished if un-hulled rice is healthier?
Is cocoa good for your health?
What are some super foods draining your energy?
Is your personality shaped by what you eat?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
How can Tabasco sauce be bad for you?
Why do carrots crunch when I chew them?
What are some healthy meals to eat while pregnant?
Which is more important for long term health, a healthy diet or a good regular night’s sleep?
What are red kidney beans good for?
Why do we feel like not even looking at food if we’ve eaten too much?
Is the fat you eat the fat you wear?
Why do humans have such complex nutritional needs?
How important is quantifying the amount of pesticide in the foods that one eats on a daily basis?
Is the crust of the bread any more nutritious than the rest of it?
Is eating broiler chicken and eggs bad for your health? What is a good source of protein then?
How do pharmacists remain healthy with all the ill people approaching them every day?
Is it good to eat sugar/unhealthy foods every day for "snacks"?
What does the collected research imply on gluten free diets, when you don’t have a coeliac disease? Is it a healthier approach?
Can you get enough carbohydrates by eating lots of vegetables and no bread/rice/cereal?
Which are the tastiest oils or fats?
Why do you get diabetes from eating too much sugar?
Is date juice healthy?
Why is whipped cream bad for your health?
What are the benefits of clove oil?
What are some good ways to use figs that you have just picked from a fig tree?
Is it true that organic vegetables and fruits naturally contain more carcinogens than regular?
Do you only eat cooked foods all day, all week, and all month, year round?
Is a diet of vegetables, fruits, legumes, and healthy oils balanced?
I'm in the process of starting a Superfood supplements business. To what extent can I offer nutritional advice?
If you could ignore your diabetic diet for one day, what would you eat?
Are fruits or their juices more beneficial to healthy people?
Is it true that if I eat mostly vegetables and fruits with meats I'll lose a lot of weight?
Why are saturated oils considered to be unhealthy?
What are the best ways to achieve optimal daily nutrition?
Is eating pure butter and pure sugar better than choosing artificial sweetener and fake butter?
What is wheat grass?
Shouldn't eating at a caloric deficit be easier than eating at a caloric surplus?
Is it true that when you eat carbohydrates like rice and flour-based foods you will gain a lot more weight than when you eat meat or vegetables?
Why is the use of balanced summary equations for metabolic studies of organisms with complex diets (many different food groups) impractical?
What are the health benefits of eating a croissant for breakfast?
Why are boiled eggs, olive oil and other ingredients healthy but mayonnaise isn’t?
Which is healthier — rice or bread?
Has anyone tried a high niacin diet to quit drinking?
What are some tips for working long days in a healthy way?
Can you eat salmon everyday?
Why is the Hominid diet the best diet in the world?
What is to be eaten to increase teststerone?
What kind of breakfast do you eat for an optimum health?
How can I have a good diet?
What should I eat/not eat to keep my voice healthy for singing?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
Does the shepherd's diet work?
What should your daily diet be if you are running 20 kms in the morning?
What are the health benefits found in oatmeal grits?
How do I convince my Chinese partner that the consumption of cold food or drinks has no negative medical consequences?
Do you eat or drink a smoothie?
What are some foods that actually make you look and feel better?
Can you eat dry fruits in large quantities?
What are the health benefits of raisins?
Is it okay to eat slimy yogurt?
What’s a healthy vegetable that you’ve eaten before but would never eat again and why?
When counting my daily carb intake, do I subtract any carbs from foods that have a high fiber content?
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
What are the health benefits of star fruit?
I am 60kg how much would I be if I only ate two fruits and two cups of coffee a day for a month without exercising?
Will I get a bad/oniony body odour if I eat a water-cooked onion every day?
Which food items never rot or expire?
Can companies make up nutritional value on food labels? How'd we know if we're really getting the micro & macronutrient values that they claim?
Is carrageenan non-synthetic in organic foods, since organic foods only carry non-synthetic ingredients?
Does the 2 week diet product really work?
How do I eat raw garlic to reduce weight?
Why does oatmeal give me nausea?
Which is healthier — brown or white rice? Is brown rice healthier than white rice? If so, why?
Is breaded fish much healthier than fried fish?
Would current or former food industry employees eat where they work? Why?
Why is Fletcherism healthy?
What is the best way to eat less than others?
What is a healty diet?
For someone who doesn't eat, is the cabbage soup diet going to be bad?
Why is Chinese rice healthy?
How can I have healthier teeth?
What kind of food should I eat to strengthen my core?
How safe is it to eat cottage cheese during pregnancy?
How should I go about creating a healthy diet for myself?
Do you know anything about epigenetics and the food that Chinese people should avoid to avoid weight gain?
How do I consume kidney beans for a healthy protein intake?
What is the best diet for a southindian summer?
My five-month-old baby is staring at our food greedily. Which foods can be given to someone of this age?
What is the cheapest meal plan to meet 1,400-1,800 calories and 150g of protein per day?
Is it wise to eat raw food and cooked food in the same meal?
What are some healthy lunch ideas that are quick but involve vegetables?
What is the maximum amount of fat I can gain in one day (I’m a male 16 year old)?
Which low calorie and low sugar hot chocolate drinks are the yummiest?
Do you eat vegetables at every meal?
What is the healthy food for someone suffering from the PKU disease?
Does being a pure vegetarian make you healthy?
What are the symptoms of meat intolerance?
Do Indians eat too much?
What are the benefits of roast beef?
What substances in food supplies calcium?
If I eat my first meal of the day at 2 pm, is that unhealthy?
Is it a waste to eat all your daily servings of vegetable in one meal vs eating them spread through the day? Will your body absorb all the nutrients?
When did vegetables and fruits start growing on earth?
How much whole chlorella can a broiler eat per day?
If I stop eating and drinking now, how long will it take to die?
If there is a food that is made using water, such as oats, when you eat the food does your body get any water benefit from it?
What would you do if you found all food disgusting?
Why do I feel pain around my heart when I eat something sweet?
Is it really important to have a cheat meal?
What kind of food should you eat to keep your brain smart and healthy?
How much yogurt do you eat?
Is uncooked food more nutritious than cooked food?
I eat 15 eggs per week. Is that bad?
What are the health benefits of mangosteen?
What are the health benefits of eating whole wheat pancakes?
Why do humans have such complex nutritional needs?
How important is quantifying the amount of pesticide in the foods that one eats on a daily basis?
If I'm to restrict the amount of sugar a child consumes to 22g per day, do I include fruit's sugar content as well?
Would you eat pancakes daily for breakfast? Would you do it, if you got a new flavor daily? If not daily, how often would you have them for breakfast?
Why do certain meals or foods like ones containing chillis go through the digestive system faster than others?
What is meant by diet?
Does canned food always have preservatives, even if it's not listed?
As people grow wheatgrass without soil, why wheat grass seed doesn't have as much nutrition as wheat grass juice?
What can be the best flat belly meal plan for vegetarians?
Can kids have Chocos as their daily breakfast?
Is eating dried herbs after making it into a tea healthy?
Is there any method to determine the amount of ethanol in food, especially solid-liquid types of food such as Tapai?
Is it better to have antioxidants via supplement or food intake?
Are city pigeons safe to eat considering their diet?
What are some healthy alternatives to Funyuns?
If I starve myself, get to a healthy weight, and then start eating one meal a day, would I regain all the weight I just lost?
When switching from low carbs to low calories, will I gain all of my weight back?
What is the name of the brand that prepares some diet food in the USA?
Is a raw diet good for a puppy?
I'm considering going vegan. What is a healthy diet without animal products, and how do I replace eggs?
What is the secret of "eating more and weigh less"?
What are some apps that help you find somewhere to eat depending on your hungriness, meal portions, types of food, etc?
Why do people crave sweets after a meal?
Is it safe to drink a cold drink after eating a non-veg or fish?
How do I eat healthy when I'm a fussy eater?
Can you get enough carbohydrates by eating lots of vegetables and no bread/rice/cereal?
Which are the tastiest oils or fats?
If I eat my first meal of the day at 2pm every day is that unhealthy?
Can I eat cookies and drink Coke all day long and not move but still stay slim, as long as my energy output is more than or equal to my consumption?
What does Gary Taubes think is an optimal diet for a competitive endurance athlete?
Is culinary school a waste of money (18k for me) if you want to teach vs. work in a restaurant?
I have always been skinny, even though I eat lots of fatty food. How does this disadvantage me?
Can I take gabapentin twice a day instead of three times a day?
What is the ideal diet chart for a PCOS woman?
What is the no carb diet?
Why do humans eat red meat if it is not a necessary component of our diet?
Why does state fair food mostly consist of deep-fried stuff?
Is chicken soup a healthy diet?
What would you consider "crucial" in an male teens daily diet/nutrition?
What are the health benefits of mulberry fruit?
Do cooked vegetables that are stored for a few days lose their nutrition value each day from being cooked then stored for 3-4 or more days?
I m an Indian guy.Why do my parents tell me not to eat fast food ? In a country like the USA and other European countries, people regularly eat that.
What are the best foods to consume when you have gastritis?
Is it because of the calorie deficit diet that I don't poop everyday?
Is it true that if I eat mostly vegetables and fruits with meats I'll lose a lot of weight?
What happens when you stop eating too much?
What exactly is a serving size of fruits and vegetables? Why do some sites have 1 cup as proper while others have the same foods as 1/2 cup?
How did you avoid carb cravings on the ketogenic diet when you were fatigued or stressed?
What 5 foods would you choose if you were to have only $1/day for food?
Is McDonald’s India’s salad wrap healthy?
Is the paleo diet just a high-fat, high-protein diet?
Is it possible to develop meat intolerance?
Is it healthy to have the same thing everyday for breakfast, lunch & dinner?
What is the #1 most popular diet people practice today?
Which exactly makes people fat, sugar, fat, or calories?
How long does it take to totally rid your body of sugar once you stop consuming it?
Shouldn't eating at a caloric deficit be easier than eating at a caloric surplus?
What are the good side effects you have experienced since becoming vegan or eating a plant-based diet?
Is it true that when you eat carbohydrates like rice and flour-based foods you will gain a lot more weight than when you eat meat or vegetables?
What are the health benefits of pears?
As a mumbaikar, what are some healthy food items you can eat on daily basis apart from home cooked food?
Why do people like sweet and/or fatty foods?
What's a diet plan for reducing your belly mainly with Indian food?
What are the ways to eat while testing?
Which is healthier — rice or bread?
What can I do about depression? Even though I do sports and try to sleep enough and eat quite healthy, it doesn’t help.
What is intelligent food?
Does carbon have any health benefit?
Is it okay to have two cheat days if you follow your diet perfectly the other days?
What will be happen if we eat raw garlic?
What kind of breakfast do you eat for an optimum health?
If we eat unhealthy, then why are we living longer than our ancestors (who supposedly are healthier than any of us)?
What are the five reasons that people eat more then they should?
What are some ways to reach 3000 calories on a keto diet?
Is orbit is good for health?
What are the benefits of eating Nutella?
Why do I get a warm feeling when I eat sour things?
What is the Esselstyn diet?
What kind of people eat organic?
What is “dried apricot” and its health benefits, usage, and storage?
I don't eat fruit and I don't exercise. What is the worst thing that can happen?
Can you eat boiled eggs to lose weight?
What are the health benefits of using a smart pressure cooker?
Is it okay to eat fruit as a midnight snack?
What is a healthier way to eat chili than dumping it over fritos corn chips?
What is the mindset of fit and healthy people?
What would happen if I had a high-protein and low-fat diet for 6 months?
What is the ideal diet for teeth?
What is the best diet for atherosclerosis?
What foods should I eat to avoid sluggishness?
What are some examples of foods that are low in calcium?
What do we want to eat during pregnancy?
What type of exercise best complements an LCHF diet?
What is the best strategy at the local level to bring people on board an LCHF diet?
How are there dietitians and nutritionists that are clearly not close to being in good shape? Would you trust their rules?
Does German eat healthy food?
Are sloppy joes healthy?
I have never been a big eater. I like food but can take it or leave it. I started working out very frequently and need to eat more. How do I eat more?
Can I eat peanut butter everyday?
Is Italian dressing in a salad a healthy choice?
If I'm working hard on my diet and have totally cut out junk food, what is it that is causing my body to get tired quickly and feel weak?
What are some high protein, healthy breakfast options that can be prepared in under one minute?
If my whole family is fat. Will I be fat too?
Do obese people lack intelligence needed to adjust their food intake?
What are some dirt cheap meals?
Is there research or data supporting a correlation between delayed household formation and the growing market for healthy foods?
What are the health benefits found in cottage cheese and peaches?
Can we eat only two egg whites and nothing else for lunch as part of our diet?
What schedule and exercises do I need to follow for preparing for the Keysi fighting method?
How can eating a big meal of gammon steak affect my fat loss diet? I didn't know until after I ate it that it had lots of fat and it's unhealthy.
What is the high-protein diet Dr. Now gives?
What are some of the best food to eat for good digestion?
Should I follow keto diet?
What are the health benefits of Gongura?
Can a week-long diet chart comprise of fruits, bread, etc. without the need of anything being cooked?
Is homogenised milk really bad for your body?
How many cloves should a person consume per day for good health?
Can I damage my teeth by eating too much ice?
Can I have a protein shake right after having lemon and honey with warm water in the morning?
How much money do you think a person should spend in order to eat well and stay healthy?
Is 3 pieces of fruit the recommended daily intake?
Could the inability to manage stress well lead to unhealthy eating habits?
Why would someone have decided to eat an egg?
Is refined sugar bad for the health?
What are your experiences with feeding your children healthy food?
I want to join MIT Manipal, but I have many allergies from food. I only eat certain types of food. What are the other options for food?
What foods are the best to alkaline the body?
What is a good healthy snack that you can keep in your purse?
How many spoons of sugar is it advisable to consume in a day?
Are there any benefits to going a long amount of time without food every day (actually every 24 hours) by, for instance, skipping breakfast?
In my travels through Africa I have found it difficult to source LCHF foods. What are some suggestions for people living in developing economies?
What are the benefits of eating banana on an empty stomach?
Have you tried the ACV, honey and grapefruit juice drink for losing weight? If so, what were your results?
What are the perks of eating halibut skin?
What positive and negative impacts does the ABC diet have on the body?
What are the health benefits of consuming nutmeg during my pregnancy?
What are 5 ways to stay content and healthy?
What are some good diets to support high physical activity?
How do you think about the science of health preservation of TCM therapy or diet regimens?
How do I keep my diet maintained?
How long should you wait to eat after drinking Eno?
As someone with an ACE score of 10, what can I do to keep my body healthy?
Should nutritious food and clean drinking water be a right to citizens in the US and Canada?
Why is barley not popular as a health food given its low GI and low GL?
What should be my calisthenics diet?
Can you eat fried chicken when trying to get lean?
What should I do while I'm eating?
What could happen to a diabetic person if he ate less than 110 g of carbs per day?
What is the best diet to reverse gum erosion?
Is yogurt and granola healthy?
Can solid foods, say chocolate, be made using artificial sweeteners such as aspartame (commonly used in diet drinks) and no conventional sugar?
How do you get a flat tummy quickly without harming your body?
What kind of health benefits have you seen from just green juicing diet?
Are high GI carbs just as bad as sugar?
How important is to make healthy choices in a diet?
What should my weekly diet be eight months to one month before half-triathlon? Should I change my diet few weeks before the race?
What should be the proper vegetarian diet for a teenager in order to have healthy brain development?
When you are cooking canned beans, do a lot of the nutrients get lost in the water?
What are the health effects of different kinds of sugar?
Which food items should be taken daily to maintain normal regular motion?
Why is chicken and broccoli considered healthy food?
Which one is healthier: bitter or sweet orange juice?
Are waffles healthy for our organism?
How much falafel can I eat before turning into a human falafel?
Where on the Internet can I find a diet for my definition phase?
What are the benefits of adding additives to food?
What are some good low carb flour alternatives?
Is the Whole30 diet a healthy way to eat, or is it unhealthy?
What are the Healthiest places or regions to live in India?
What are some of the benefits found in a diet green tea?
What are the health benefits of mango?
How do I focus and concentrate when all the self-help advice and books have failed me? I have been eating healthy, exercising, and turning off electronics.
What do you think about modern-day nonstick cookwares, healthy or unhealthy?
What are the health benefits of eating lemon?
Which are healthier: cheeseburgers or hot dogs?
How many eggs can I safely eat in a day? Is there any solid evidence regarding this? Is cholesterol harmful to cardiovascular health?
My skin suddenly broke out without changing my diet or anything, why?
Are the "Harvest Snaps Snapea Crisps" that I eat everyday healthy?
Why is it not necessary to date frozen food?
Should I drink meal replacement shakes?
What are some examples of foods that contain little or no iron?
What are the health benefits of orange fruit?
How healthy is fried shrimp?
Why is the Indian diet so rich in carbohydrates and low on proteins?
Why should we adopt the custom of eating people's bodies after they have died (like some cultures do)?
What's the best 3 meal diet?
Are pistachios good for health?
Can eating junk food cause jaundice?
What will happen if I don't give in to food cravings for one whole year and only eat clean avoiding even the cheat meals?
What are the health benefits of longan fruit?
Can I get a full diet chart for a ketosis diet?
Why does my grandchild eat so much?
Why is tomato soup considered bad for you?
How do you actually get a hot body?
How can you incorporate rice and fish to your diet?
What is the healthiest popcorn brand?
What would happen if fruits didn't exist?
Is Zamzam water good for health?
How can you make healthy fried shrimp?
What are some examples of foods that can help tighten the skin?
Will a keto diet help me lose my belly and thigh fat?
Which diet best for gastric & acidity patients?
What are the long term life advantages of ketogenic eating?
What peer-reviewed evidence is there that a vegan diet is healthy?
Now that the science surrounding sugar is established, how can we change the eating habits of people to result in change?
Is beetroot juice healthy for you and does it provide nitrate oxide?
Am I supposed to eat every vegetable out there each day to have the completeness for my body?
Can I eat sweets and still have lean legs?
Can I get diarrhea after eating too much fruit?
Why did my grandmother say I don’t eat properly?
Do oat cakes have similar health benefits to oatmeal?
What are the healthiest meals when eating out?
What are the nutritional benefits found in 3 slices of bacon?
What is good nutrition?
How does a female over 50 lose weight?
Is breakfast really the best meal?
Can a person live only on green smoothies?
What are the benefits of eating Italian food every day?
What can we eat in the nature to survive?
What is healthier: a month of McDonald’s or a once-a-month watersports fetish with a healthy partner?
How can I keep myself healthy?
What are the health benefits and risks of a vegan diet?
What are the benefits of eating linseed?
Is corned beef hash considered healthy?
Are fat people the healthiest?
Can I feed my family a nutritious diet on < $150 per month in the USA? How?
Is fruit really that healthy with all the natural sugar it contains?
Will it harm me if I eat 12 eggs in the summer season?
What type of yogurt should I try?
Why do I still feel bloated even though I'm on a diet and eating well?
Is a frozen smoothie I made still OK to drink 3 weeks later?
What are some ketosis diet plans?
When should I go for a run, and when and what should I eat?
Can I drink tea in the keto diet?
How do I grow hickory nuts that have already sprouted into healthy trees?
Is there a way I can be skinny in two weeks?
How can I maintain a good diet at school?
What are the health benefits of coconut?
Are there health risks to adding (NOT substituting) 1-2 servings of asparagus to every single meal every day, in an otherwise healthy, normal diet?
What fruit should I eat at least once a week?
Are artificial sweeteners like Aspartame and Alitame more dangerous than sugar?
Are raw oats more nutritious than cooked oatmeal?
How can a GERD sufferer follow an LCHF diet safely when eating oily and fatty foods worsens acid reflux symptoms?
What happens to food when one fries it, which makes in unhealthy? And how unhealthy would it be if it was a healthy vegetable fried in coconut oil?
Would it be okay for me to include twelve eggs a day to my diet for gaining weight?
Are there any reasons to eat ginger that has been steeped for tea?
What specific food economics/policies in the USA could change to result in a healthier population?
How do you eat raw sugarcane?
Juicing is supposed to remove the fiber content of fruits/veggies. Doesn't making a smoothie do the same?
What is a healthy option of something sweet to eat during the day?
How much should I eat after workout?
Why is oatmeal considered a healthy snack?
What are the snacks items for which Trichy is famous for?
Can a diet consisting only of snacks be successful in making you more productive at work? (assuming that you eat relatively healthy big meals)
Is the food we consume in recent times as nutritious and pure as the food those consumed before contamination and food modification were established?
How can I eat 200 grams of protein a day?
Why is chicken skin considered bad for you?
When you are craving sugar, what should you eat instead?
What healthy change should I make before my 40th birthday?
How can I store my 3-4 bulking meals (about 32 oz each) & keep them from spoiling when I work outdoors for 8 plus hours, especially during summer?
What did you eat for lunch today? Why (it is your favorite food, you are on diet, etc.)?
Is it healthier to eat broiled burgers?
When you eat a meal, how long do the nutrients from that meal stay in your system?
What do zookeepers think of gluten-free vs. low carb diets?
Why is it considered healthy to eat lemons?
How come I can't lose any more weight?
Is eating unsulfured & unsweetened dried fruit bad for our health?
What is Dr. Vinay Kumaran's advice to those who are addicted to fried food items, junk food and soft drinks?
What's your approach to balancing eating healthily vs what you want?
Are fruits more important than vegetables regarding the human diet?
Is flavored oatmeal considered healthy?
What are the healthiest natural aphrodisiacs for women?
What are the health benefits of figs?
How do I know diet according to my age weight and blood group?
Why are baked potatoes considered good for you?
As juicing vegetables removes virtually all of the insoluble fibre, how do you calculate the new calorific amount of that vegetable to get the final calories of it?
Why do some people eat only the same food over and over?
How much sprouted wheat should you eat at a time?
What are the benefits of foods rich in antioxidants?
Can a smoothie that is home-made replace a meal?
Is it healthy to eat the Lipton chicken noodle soup?
How can I start to eat healthy and stop smoking when my wife loves junk food and smokes like a chimney?
How can I gradually give up sugar/sweetened food, and is it worth it?
What are your favorite simple salmon recipes?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
What are the health benefits of lychee fruit?
Are spinach wraps healthy?
Are you required to have a protein shake after a swim?
After calculating the macros for my diet, how can I use it to design a proper diet?
If breakfast is the most important meal of the day, why didn't nature make us hungry when we wake up?
How do I grow breasts by eating certain foods?
How much yogurt should I drink in a week?
I eat Quaker oats with milk and protein powder as dinner post gym. Is it a healthy dinner for weight loss?
What advice do you have for people who don't have the time or motivation to prepare involved meals?
What is the best possible meal to eat after working out?
How does nutrition help our bodies in daily life?
How does the GM Diet work?
What are the health effects of different kinds of sugar?
Which food items should be taken daily to maintain normal regular motion?
How much sugar per day would be regarded as a healthy dose?
What diet should I follow after chickenpox?
I'm allergic to fruit, vegetables, dry nuts and legumes. How can I eat healthy?
Does cholesterol get absorbed into the body from food?
What are some alternatives to fennel?
What is an ideal daily routine for staying healthy?
Why do people remove almond's skin before eating?
What are some simple nutritional changes that most people can make to be healthier?
What is your favorite smoothie recipe or combination?
What are some examples of fresh and healthy foods?
Is studying a lot, bad for health?
Why isn’t India able to produce only healthy and tasty food to their fellow citizens? Mostly, you see junk food businesses in the country.
My skin suddenly broke out without changing my diet or anything, why?
What age should you be to eat Himalaya Ashvagandha?
Can one eat well on one dollar a day?
What good foods can replace the bad foods?
Do you think the new keto diet is healthy?
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: "A healthy body is a reflection of a healthy mind. A healthy mind is a reflection of a healthy body"?
Which diets are most effective, according to science?
Is it really necessary to eat at constant weight maintenance instead of eating at caloric deficits and surpluses interchangeably?
What are the health benefits of blueberry?
Why is the Indian diet so rich in carbohydrates and low on proteins?
Why should we adopt the custom of eating people's bodies after they have died (like some cultures do)?
What are the health benefits of soursop?
What's the best 3 meal diet?
Is it healthy to have oats every day for breakfast?
What will happen if I don't give in to food cravings for one whole year and only eat clean avoiding even the cheat meals?
Why do I cough during and after eating?
Where can I buy diet food products?
What are some of best nutritional drink for adults?
What is a balanced diet for a teenager?
What are the health benefits of durian fruit?
What is the minimum daily dietary fiber requirement for a healthy human?
What diet can be maintained by a jaundice patient?
Why is eating breakfast hard?
What should the diet plan of a stray dog be?
What are the benefits from eating the skin of a kiwi fruit?
Is there a safe level of sugar consumption?
What is the importance of carbohydrates in our diet?
Are there any dangers associated with a liquid-only diet if it meets all other dietary requirements?
Is it okay to eat 4/6 eggs with half an avocado everyday?
What foods must we eat after running?
What workout plan should I follow?
What are the health benefits of Garcinia indica?
Can binge eaters have cheat days?
What's the different between Netstle Nutren and Abbott Ensure ?
What are the recipes that can keep my brain healthy and active? What foods, daily habits, activities or any thing else can be used for this?
Why did my grandmother say I don’t eat properly?
What is a balanced diet? What should we eat in a balance diet?
How does a female over 50 lose weight?
Is drinking hot water after every meals good for health?
What is the best food or diet for a gym routine?
How do I reduce salt intake?
What are some examples of foods you can eat while fasting?
How can I keep myself healthy?
What food should people not eat?
Is fruit really that healthy with all the natural sugar it contains?
How can I deal with my late night concerta-fueled binges?
What are the recommended government guidelines for daily intake of carbohydrates, protein, and fat?
What type of yogurt should I try?
Why do some people have completely clear skin even with a shit diet and little to no exercise, whilst others have acne with a healthy lifestyle?
How do I reduce the belly?
Can you modify the mediterranean diet for athletes with a higher protein content?
Is a caffeinated zero calorie soft drink actually a negative calorie food?
What is the effect of a mostly plant-based diet on health?
Is there a way I can be skinny in two weeks?
How can we reduce the influence of the sugar industry on nutritional science?
Why am I suddenly getting fat in my belly?
Are people that say you have to eat kiwi fruit strapped to the toilet overstating the case or does it really work that well for some people?
What is the healthiest and easiest way to lose 5 pounds?
How does eating processed meat increase the risk of cancer?
Is the food we consume in recent times as nutritious and pure as the food those consumed before contamination and food modification were established?
How can I eat 200 grams of protein a day?
When you are craving sugar, what should you eat instead?
What evidence is there that wheat, corn and soybean are bad for humans?
How can I store my 3-4 bulking meals (about 32 oz each) & keep them from spoiling when I work outdoors for 8 plus hours, especially during summer?
What are the health benefits of ackee fruit?
What do zookeepers think of gluten-free vs. low carb diets?
Considering theobromine, how many grams of cocoa powder (not chocolate!) is safe to consume per day, every day?
What are the benefits of eating cashews while pregnant?
How many raisins should I eat in a day?
What are the health benefits of using all-purpose flour?
What's your approach to balancing eating healthily vs what you want?
Can we eat peanut salad on a diet (Weight Lose Diet)?
What is the harmful effect of eating non organic foods?
What are the health benefits of baobab fruit?
What food can I prepare in order to experience the typical daily meals which an astronaut eats?
What are some examples of foods that contain high levels of nitrates?
I'll be living in a hotel for 30 days in a row. I don't want to eat in a restaurant, how can I eat healthy?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
Is my diet good enough for bulking?
When a person eats, how long does it take the body to turn that food into energy?
Are cornflakes good for health?
What are natural ways to combat tiredness & lack of energy?
What is the best protein type of food to eat that is easily obtainable?
What is needed for healthy fertilization?
Do all foods require digestion? Why or why not?
Can Pringles be bad for me if I eat them 1 time/week?
Why are French fries unhealthy and sautéed vegetables healthy?
Is it normal for a girl to eat a lot?
Are our body's dietary nutritional requirements changing as our diets change?
What causes excess gas after a meal?
How do I get rid of the craving for food? I need to reduce my weight.
If I eat, will I be fat?
What are the drawbacks of an avocado only diet?
What happens if you never eat fruits or vegetables?
What are the benefits of eating Thai food during a pregnancy?
Does long distance jogging burn sugar content in the body from carbohydrate foods and thereby reducing the chances of having diabetes later in life?
How is food chemically processed?
Do noodles make you fat?
How do you make yourself want to change when you're not motivated?
How is DNA from the meal digested by the body?
Can I take creatine when I am on a low carb diet? Do they have any connection at all?
Which food is not good for intimancy?
What are some veggie dishes that are easy to make and that kids will love?
Was honey part of the diet of paleolithic humans?
How is white rice good for a diet?
Why do our fingers get sticky while eating sweet things?
What would happen to me if I eat only one fruit and nothing else for a day for a month without exercising?
What is the easier and faster way to reduce weight: having coconut oil 3 spoons a day or a boiled egg diet?
If food is chewed but not swallowed, will the calories present in it reach the body?
Which type of food I can eat to make my voice effective?
Is it safe to eat eggshell for calcium?
What are the benefits of yogurts that contain lactobacillus acidophilus?
What food and drinks help to cleanse my skin?
What is a plan for vegetarian or vegan low calorie, low carb and low fat diet?
What kind of diet/nutrition should be followed by a 800 m runner who trains twice a day?
What are the best calcium-rich food items for vegetarians?
What are the benefits of eating non-salty foods?
What nutrient is most lacking in the typical American diet?
What is the best way to lose 30 pounds in 4 months?
What is the right a mount of food to eat in a day?
Which boiled vegetables are good for health?
What do competitive eaters eat or drink after a challenge to aid digestion?
How healthy is a subway club? Is it really the most easily available instant healthy club?
What are the basic nuts you must eat in order to stop weight gain completely?
What factors control the human heart rate? What can cause it to go down?
What are some reasons to eat a vegan/plant based diet?
Is it possible that Chinese people also live longer due to their eating habits, because they cook (boil) their food?
What is the best thing to do instead of eating too much?
Is ham healthy for our organism?
What is the best way to cure excessive eating?
What should a swollen liver diet consist of?
What are the benefits of following an avocado only diet?
What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t help yourself?
What are the health benefits from eating dandelions?
How do I make healthy detox?
Between refined oil and desi ghee, which one is better for health?
How do I put on weight within 2 weeks having a vegetarian diet?
I live in Iraq, and I want to try foods that are healthy and various, we mostly have junk food here, do you have suggestions?
Is eating 20 dates every day way too much of a sugar and iron intake?
Is there a fruit or vegitable such that people can survive eating only that?
What’s the point of trying to eat healthy if you do not feel that life is something worth living for?
Is it good for a cat to eat egg yolk every day?
How can a Indian vegetarian go on diet having less than 20 gram of carbs a day?
In order to have a healthier life, what should you do less or more?
Can I eat 5 oz of salmon every day?
How can I eat healthier for better skin?
Why doesn’t Dr. Ornish's diet allow yolk?
Is there a special food that makes you sick to your stomach when you eat too much, but you eat it anyway? Mine is caramel popcorn.
What is the best diet plan to reduce hand tremors?
Is having specific foods designated for breakfast unique to America or universal?
If all you eat is food with a high caloric content but no nutrients, vitamins, or minerals, could you survive by taking vitamin pills?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
What are the health benefits of chickoo fruit?
What is your opinion on safe and nutritious food for healthy life?
What is so healthy about chicken teriyaki?
Is drinking aerated drink after meal good or bad?
Why is Indian food less nutritious when compared to the food of other countries?
Is Snapple healthy?
Can you eat raw mango when having your period?
What are some of the consequences of eating old pasta?
How can I improve my eating?
Is the consumption of Revital H good for one’s health?
What diet plan we must follow to be fit?
Can we eat bread with milk tea in breakfast?
Is drinking alchohol bad?
If you eat a food that has a low glycemic index, will that slow down the glycemic spike on other foods you're eating at the same time?
Is keto diet advicesable for 60 kg boy to gain abs?
I'm 14 years old and have been eating healthy, yet I still eat a lot. Is this normal?
Are foods made with an air fryer really any healthier than those cook in oil?
How is life expectancy in Germany high even though they eat unhealthy food?
Is there evidence that GMO foods are bad for you?
Could someone share a vegetarian diet (in Indian scenario) following which he/she gained pretty good amount of weight (15–20 kg)?
What are efficient ways to make a healthy dinner?
What would be the most functional diet for me?
How can I keep my tresses moisturized and healthy? What basic products would you recommend?
What are the master recipes for smoothies?
How many eggs can I eat per day in the summer?
What are some best healthy snacks easily made to have in Indian summers?
What is the ideal diet to keep one healthy?
What is a balanced diet, and why should we eat one?
How healthy is Cerelac?
Which is the best time to drink amla and vegetable juice, on a empty stomach or after breakfast?
What is the one single thing that can stop you from eating too much?
What is a good meal plan for fat loss?
Why is it hard to stay on a diet?
Is the Nestum original oatmeal porridge full of sugar?
What are some ideal healthy vegetarian breakfast dishes that can be prepared quickly?
What are best roadside foods that will easily clicked by public?
Where can I buy neera palm juice in San Jose, CA?
What do you call a person who eats a plant-based diet without intention of doing so?
I don't get enough food to stay healthy. Where can I find more calories?
Is it ok to eat saffolla massala oats every day?
Which type of fat increases the need for antioxidants in the diet, polyunsaturated or monounsaturated?
Is the nutritional amount in red carrot and orange carrot is same?
What are some health benefits of eating lotus flowers?
Is it better to eat aluminum as a meal or a snack?
Is KFC good for health?
Why Sometimes I feel guilty after eating junk food?
What are the most nutritious fishes?
What are the nutritional benefits of dill (green leafy vegetable)?
What are the benefits of organic natural honey?
Can I eat dry fruits and snickers for my lunch?
What makes the meat at Subway so healthy?
What are some of the health benefits found in butter and rice?
What are some healthy roast beef sandwich toppings?
How many organic pasture raised eggs should I eat everyday?
Can anyone list good source of carbs food?
Is bulimia treatable with a high fat low carb diet and no alcohol, simple as that?
What is a low carb healthy night time drink without milk or sugar that isnt herbal tea?
What are the benefits of eating clementines every morning?
Can a dietician suggest a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is a healthy diet for people in their 20s?
Why do I frequently sweat while eating?
What are the benefits we get from consuming dry fruits?
Will blending vegetables "ruin" its nutritional value?
How would I create a healthy meal plan?
Do I need to be a registered dietitian to start a Nutrition and Wellness Clinic in India and advise people regarding diets and nutrition?
I have cravings for chips or similar crunchy and tasty food, even when I'm not hungry. What are some alternatives?
Why some people are always skinny inspite of eating healthy food with enough calories?
Why do some bodybuilders have bulging fat bellies even after exercising and eating healthy food?
Can I eat only one kind of protein, like chicken breast, or do I have to eat different kinds of meat?
What are lists of the non-sugary foods that are healthy, flavourful in taste?
How bad is it to not eat or chew?
How problematic is a high-complex-carbohydrate, low-sugar diet?
Are low calorie drinks healthier to the body than zero calorie drinks and why or why not?
Do you think that sleepiness after eating a carb-rich meal indicates insulin resistance, or is that regarded as normal?
How helpful are soya chunks in losing weight?
WhatI are the benefits of eating chia seeds?
Should I buy height increasing products providing money back offers, or not?
Why are green leafy vegetables hard to digest if they are so "light"?
What natural foods do I eat to fulfill my protien requirement of 175 grams daily?
What are the health benefits of eating watermelon during pregnancy?
Why are people suddenly on an "egg diet"?
What are the risks of eating a crow?
How many calories should an adult consume on a daily basis?
What are the health benefits found in a typical Filipino breakfast?
What are health benefits of drinking sperm?
Is it bad to drink eggplant juice?
Is there somewhere I can get my everyday diet assessed for free?
How can I come up with a viable soya beans growing project?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
How safe is the Lean cuisine diet?
If a person is on diet then how many chapati he should eat in a day?
Should every restaurant/cafe display their clients nutritional value of the food?
What are some health benefits of louts?
I am losing hair and I am 17 but I knowingly have an unhealthy diet. What should I eat?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
Why is sweet bread so fattening?
Are small bananas healthier than bigger ones?
Is instant breakfast good for you?
How can I gain 120 grams of protein in a day by my meals?
What will be the results if I live by eating 3 oranges per day for a week?
What were some of the really long-lasting foods that one could make in Medieval times?
Which healthy food product can help you to lose weight?
What is the minimum a healthy "vegan" needs to eat to eat to synthesize their amino acids?
What is the healthiest brand of water?
What is the perfect diet chart for a diabetic person?
Are smoothies healthier than milkshakes and juices?
What causes poops to be different some days than others, even if you eat the same diet and drink the same amount of water?
Why are steamed vegetables good for your health?
Why is oatmeal a complex carb?
How healthy are stingrays as food?
What should I eat for healthy skin?
Can Mulethi be consumed every day?
Is the Mediterranean diet still popular?
Why sucrose is a non reducing carbohydrates?
I can get myself to stop eating junk food and watching TV, but I fear that I will become less humorous and joyful. Why do I feel this way?
Does eating too much shilajit cause acne?
What is the best diet plan to follow when taking Hydroxycut?
Am I eating too much protein?
Why is raw meat considered good for you?
Could you survive on 10 tsp of sugar only per day?
Which is the best diet for bodybuilding?
Is vermouth healthier than wine?
What makes for a healthier brain, healthy food, fresh air, or good thinking?
How healthy are tamales?
How does one make healthy choices?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
We are overweight as a family and made life changes. When my son goes to his sister's house they make high fat food. They know we are dieting. Why?
Can you suggest my a good vegetarian diet that you have tried yourself?
What are the benefits of parboiled rice?
Why am I eating a lot during exams?
How did you become a healthier?
Can a scabies patient include eggs and chicken in his diet?
What food should I eat after IVF?
What can a lazy person become physically fit?
Are low calorie sodas safe to drink?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
What are the important minerals & vitamins to be included in the diet of a breastfeeding woman?
For certain people who are naturally big (not overweight, just on the heavier side of healthy), is it unhealthy for them to try to become skinny?
Which one is better for burn fat, exercise before breakfast or any time through out the day?
Is eating ladyfish healthy?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
How healthy is Wagamama?
What is the Eat to Live diet?
What are the disadvantages of consuming frozen garlic bread?
Why is it that we eat veggies?
How healthy is Subway's tuna sandwich?
Why is cornbread good for you?
Does Craig Good think that trans fat is healthy?
Can I eat yogurt and oats after drinking freshly squeezed natural juice?
Is it healthier to eat whole fruits & veggies as opposed to blending & drinking them? Does it really matter which method you choose?
What is healthy, nutritional, gluten free, traditional food?
What makes zucchini bread healthy?
Is it good to drink palm soup with an empty stomach?
Is Clear Fruit water good for you?
What are some healthy foods containing gelatin?
Am I having a healthy diet?
Should I count calories to maintain a healthy diet or just try to eat more healthy foods and less junk food?
Which food has the highest amount of antioxidants?
What is the best diet plan if I do evening workout?
What is 16/8 diet?
Eating 2 chapatis and subzi is equivalent to how many grams of mixed fruit?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 6 weeks without exercising?
What is the alkaline diet?
What is the proper carb portion in gram for one meal to allow the body observe? Is it like protein max 40 grams per meal?
Which fruit could help me to be strong?
What is the difference between low calorie and zero calorie drinks?
What is a healthy snack that is easy to make?
What is reducing sugar?
Why is eating cereal with bananas healthy?
Why was Israel Kamakawiwoʻole so obese? Why didn't he control his diet?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
Is eating too much fructose bad for you and how much fructose is too much?
If I workout after a meal, do I need to have recovery meal?
Is Naked Juice unhealthy?
What are the health benefits found in Subway soups?
What are the benefits of eating amla murabba?
How do you eat a balanced, healthy diet as a vegetarian, while not consuming gluten, dairy, or soy?
What is the pH of kvass?
What will happen if I'm on egg, milk and chicken diet only?
Is it healthy to avoid white carbohydrates and dairy?
Is milk shake healthy?
Is milk better or juice?
What is the best diet for thrombosis patient?
Are there really health benefits to being a vegetarian? What can you replace chicken with for muscle gain?
What are the benefits of eating dry cottage cheese?
What may be the best, easy to make, easily available, low cost and healthy morning breakfasts?
What food should you eat if you want to get skinnier?
What are the consequences of eating rancid nuts?
What is a low cal/carb gluten free hot drink/powder (for health reasons)?
Is shrimp tempura considered to be healthy?
Can I eat dal baati during diet?
What could make enchiladas healthy?
Is a chicken thigh considered nutritionally to be red meat, like beef?
Which one is better for underweight people, a boiled egg or an omelette?
Can soya chunks be eaten directly without boiling?
Is there any support for serving raw vegetable salad, sprouts, juice, soups and fruits as low-calorie food as part of your daily diet in your work area in India ?
What is the best red meat ever?
Is the Fit and Active brand healthy?
Should healthy food taste good, bad, disgusting, or delicious?
What can I do to stop myself eating junk food just because I'm bored?
Does fresh whey have any significant health benefits?
Are the health claims associated with Organifi Green Juice accurate?
Why isn’t animal milk good for humans?
What exercises produce abs like this?
What are the healthy benefits of corn beef hash?
Is eating card board is harmful?
What is your best hypertrophy diet so far?
Can a low carb diet reduce CD4 levels?
What happens when you eat lemon every day?
What does the Article 21 right to food really signify?
How do you get daily required fiber as a vegetarian?
What are the benefits of eating raw beets (chukandar)? If it is too hot, can it cause pimples?
Am I going to die if I stop eating any oils and salt altogether?
Why does drying seeds change their nutritional value so much?
Is it possible to sweeten your coffee with fruit instead of sugar?
What happens if I intake too much levothyroxin?
Should I count calories to maintain a healthy diet or just try to eat more healthy foods and less junk food?
What is the difference between nuts, legumes and beans?
What is the proper carb portion in gram for one meal to allow the body observe? Is it like protein max 40 grams per meal?
What is reducing sugar?
Why was Israel Kamakawiwoʻole so obese? Why didn't he control his diet?
What is the best way to eat less and enjoy more?
Is eating too much fructose bad for you and how much fructose is too much?
Why do I have no sensation of hunger?
Are there any health benefits or disadvantages for smearing your entire body with peanut butter?
Is my smoothie healthy?
Is "comfort food" a smooth term for junk food?
Given the widely varying official health claims over the years, can we now eat as many eggs as we want safely?
What are the menus to follow veg LCHF diet in India?
How many calories per day should a 17 year old girl eat?
What could make enchiladas healthy?
Will my brain and body suffer as much from milk sugar as it will from table sugar?
What can I eat on the water cut diet?
What are some ideas for some healthy, weight-loss-friendly, easy, tasty budget-friendly breakfast, lunch and supper meals that can be made from scratch?
How do some people eat fast food every day and never work out yet are at no risk of getting diabetes or heart complications?
What's the best diet for a woman trying to lose 20lbs in a month?
Are there any good pre-prep meal recipes?
How do you define "healthy"?
What are some foods and nutrients that improve Myelination?
Is the DNS method in determining amount of reducing sugar is the same for all types of reducing sugar?
Is the keto diet really bad for you?
What is a healthy snack that is easy to make?
Challenge: vegetarian for 1 month. Any advice or tips on how to stay healthy during this time?
If you ate junk food despite your diet, how would you feel like and what thoughts would you have?
How can America start eating healthier?
What should my diet plan be if I want to gain muscle?
If I workout after a meal, do I need to have recovery meal?
Why is the consumption of alcohol forbidden in public space in the U.S.?
What are the possible health benefits of consuming protiens during workout?
What will happen if I'm on egg, milk and chicken diet only?
How is patty unhealthy?
What are the health benefits of making an egg free bread and butter pudding recipe?
Has anyone tried any unusual smoothie ingredients?
Can I eat dal baati during diet?
What should I eat to change my lifestyle?
Why do I feel sick every time I eat?
What does eating soil do to your health?
Does fresh whey have any significant health benefits?
What is the healthiest way to live better and longer?
What would be a good diet and fitness regimen for someone who really hasn't ever worked out?
Is it okay to eat lentils with weevils?
What can a lazy person become physically fit?
What particular food items should I eat and what I shouldn't to be healthy?
What should I eat if I want to have 10 days’ sugar-free diet?
I'm diabetic. What canned and fresh foods can make up a good low carb diet?
What are some quick and healthy veg Indian breakfast ideas?
Why do I get nauseated when eating certain foods?
Can we train our stomach to be able to eat more food?
If I maintain a caloric deficit, and eat a high percentage of healthy fats will I still lose weight?
What are the minimum daily amounts of oils and salt that a healthy adult needs in order to stay healthy?
I just turned 50 and am very fit. I eat healthily and exercise, so why does my stomach look like I am pregnant?
How can I lose 30 pounds in 6 weeks without exercising?
How healthy are South Indian foods?
Are TV dinners healthy?
How should I avoid eating the milky latex of Sapodilla fruit?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
Does skipping meals damage your organs? And if so, can they recover once you start eating healthily?
What kind of diet/nutrition can help with ADD?
Why is goat meat considered good for you?
How do I leave the habit of eating nails?
What food should you eat if you want to get skinnier?
According to Ayurveda, what type of food should a person of Kapha body type eat?
What's something you have to eat often?
Can you eat the skin of a Sapodilla (chiku) fruit?
How do you keep track of calories when all you eat is home-cooked food?
Is eating bitter gourd regularly, bad for your health?
Is milk shake healthy?
How do we get palm sugar at different rates?
Is rice a protein, carbohydrate or fat?
What is the diet from the show “My 600-lb Life”?
Can I eat yogurt and oats after drinking freshly squeezed natural juice?
Is it healthier to eat whole fruits & veggies as opposed to blending & drinking them? Does it really matter which method you choose?
Why do I keep binging on nuts?
What is the consensus on the benefits of drinking milk?
What is the healthiest and the cheapest food to eat daily?
Are hot sauce and spicy foods really fat burners?
Is there legal liability for getting kids hooked on sugar and junk food?
How should the obese elderly diet?
What fruits should I eat to increase my weight upto 5kg in a month?
How any packed biscuits like Britannia, Sunfeast, etc. (in grams) can you eat in a day?
What is the usual diet of Agam Jain? What food does he prefer?
Do you have any good book recommendations for nutrition/dieting?
Which one is better for underweight people, a boiled egg or an omelette?
What are your favorite healthy recipes?
Why should fruits be eaten on empty stomach?
Where can you buy the finest and healthiest cacao?
Are Carnation Breakfast Essentials healthy?
Does eating healthy food make you fat or thin?
What is your best hypertrophy diet so far?
Which is the proven healthiest substitute for sugar, Stevia, Splenda, Honey, or anything else?
Why is spaghetti healthy?
What content upgrades would startups be most interested in when it comes to content marketing and copywriting?
Does added sugar diminish the body's ability to digest nutrients properly?
What will happen if I do not eat at night? Is this a good habit?
What are the healthy benefits of Special K protein bars?
How do you eat healthy at school?
Why do many foods containing oils or fats give an unpleasant smell if not consumed for a long time?
Is this a good eating schedule?
Why do people rate the food they make at home as being healthier than outside prepared food? What is the psychological theory behind this?
Does eating boiled eggs (1-2) daily cause constipation and gassiness?
What are the best ways to eat the skin from a kiwifruit?
What will happen if I eat foxglove leaves?
Do the vitamins and minerals in vegetables effect and dictate the taste between, say, red kale and green kale?
What should be a healthy diet for a 65 year old man?
What will happen if I eat foxglove roots?
What are the negative health effects of trans and saturated fats?
What are the health benefits from eating the skin of a kiwifruit?
Whhat are some good recipes for oats?
Why do I eat a huge amount of food everyday and I don't get fat?
What are the benefits of eating raw broccoli?
What zero calorie sweeteners, like Splenda, taste as close to sugar and why can't you find products made with Olestra anymore?
To be healthy, you need to consume how much cholesterol daily?
Can I eat marinated anchovies if I'm pregnant? If yes, then how should they be prepared?
What are the general classes or kinds of sugar?
How do I remove the last bit of remaining fat from the belly?
Why do you typically have to eat food before taking medicine?
How do I keep myself from eating candy and snack?
How healthy is "healthy"?
Is Tata Teaveda good for women’s health?
Are there any medically proven benefits of drinking noni juice everyday?
What is the average British diet like? Is it inferior to other developed countries diets?
What makes pickled eggs a healthy breakfast?
Is dog meat okay to eat health wise?
What would you do if you had to eat avocados for the rest of your life?
Which food items contain protein?
Can you reject a meal on an airplane?
Where can I get the nutritional information data of specific food?
I'm vegetarian, what nutrition values should I worry about missing?
Why is bacon grease good for you?
If you eat a limited menu (same things every day) to basically keep daily caloric intake exactly the same, what do you eat?
How do I get my dad to support my new diet and get the healthy foods I need?
Why is Kaiser Permanente suggesting plant based diet?
Which food last longer for diabetics to avoid frequent hunger?
Is combination of egg with fish is bad for health?
What is food scuricity?
Are high protien foods or drinks are bad for appendix patients?
What is the best time during the day to eat eggs?
How can we use IT to make people eat healthy from a gaming perspective?
Which is a healthier option to prevent sleep than caffeine?
Is subway cookie healthy and which is your favourite flavour?
Is it bad to eat while your legs are lying down?
Is it neccessary to consume food thrice a day?
What kind of food do you get on indiahikes trek?
How much carbohydrate, protein & fat should active person eat per day?
How safe is Pulphy orange? Comparing to other cool drinks?
What are the health benefits found in a 3 Musketeers bar?
Which fruits are cool to body?
Do most people struggle to stay a healthy weight?
How much does daily salt intake affect cerebrospinal fluid salt levels?
What's the best vegetarian Indian diet plan to reduce fat?
Does your body always register all food that comes in?
Should you avoid lactose?
Is tuna from Subway healthy?
What are the best five detox foods for daily use?
What is the need of eating foods with live-cultured yogurt?
What is a good idea for a light one day diet to balance/compensate a heavy meal the previous few days, like at a wedding etc.?
Can I simulate eating whole grain bread by eating regular white bread and also eating whole grains as a side supplement at the same time?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
Should I skip meals after binging?
What are the health benefits of quitting fast foods in total?
Is it necessary to go low on carbs and high on protein for FAT loss?
What are the healthy properties of teriyaki sauce?
Does Craig Good think that food is healthy?
Is there any reason not to eat shrimps and other similar seafood? And how can I get over its unpleasant insect like shape when eating?
What makes Special K protein bars so healthy?
I have no allergies from gluten or dairy, yet it is necessary to remove grains from my diet to follow a diet plan for Multiple Sclerosis. Why?
What are the health benefits of Clomid?
Which is better, eating breakfast or fasting until lunch?
What are the healthy daily meal plans for Indian which should balance the right amount of carb, protein and fat?
What happens if I just eat fruits, vegetables, boosts (for proteins) and coffee for a couple of weeks?
It was proven that the process of microwaving food speedily destroys vitamin content. Can medically diet-conscious restaurant patrons be warned of this?
Can you compare Cornflakes, Oats and Chocos as breakfast with their health benefits?
Can anyone help me with a healthy diet plan?
Is tofu a good source for protein?
Why do Americans eat so many carbs and so much fat?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
What is the average British diet like? Is it inferior to other developed countries diets?
Is it good to eat chicken when you have fever?
If you eat a limited menu (same things every day) to basically keep daily caloric intake exactly the same, what do you eat?
What are the health benefits of breakfast only diets?
How do you make healthy croutons soup?
How can unflavored yogurt help my diet?
Is sugar still unhealthy if I am up working a lot and using my body?
If I’m heartbroken, should I eat lots of unhealthy food, or no food at all?
What are the health benefits of gongura leaves?
Is seafood good for clinical depression and bipolar disorders?
Are the first days of a keto diet really painful? Why?
How do I preserve the health benefits of garlic? Can it be cooked in a sauce, then frozen, or just frozen on its own and not lose its benefits?
Is it bad if I blend and drink half of my meals?
Is unleavened bread healthier?
Is it true that eating odd number of dates is more healthy?
What should a healthy and fit human body be able to do?
Which fruits should I eat and what time for the 3 days only fruit diet?
Why we eat heathy food when junkfood gives us satisfaction?
What are the reasons why there's a compelling urge to eat, munch or chew something shortly after eating a major meal sometimes?
Why is there a high probability of cancer cases especially in America (correct me if I am wrong)? Is it because of high processed food consumption?
Are high protien foods or drinks are bad for appendix patients?
What content upgrades would startups be most interested in when it comes to content marketing and copywriting?
Why is Campbell's Chunky Soup healthy?
What is the diet plan of Anjali Mukerjee?
Is Bambino vermicelli good for your health? What is it made of?
Can you eat uncooked asparagus?
What is the best fruit to control hyperthyroid?
What are the advantages of eating soup everyday?
What ingredient (which is readily available) can you add to food that you plan on selling so that is doesn't go bad? Preferably organic?
What is one thing you eat that is extremely unhealthy and why do you eat it?
How can fresh salsa be frozen?
What vegetables and fruits should be consumed if we have stones in gallbladder?
What are the health benefits of eating a lots of fruits and consuming less oily fat food?
Can you give a diet chart to gain height?
What is processed food, and how is its production affecting the health of consumers?
Does eating help you think?
What are the healthy benefits of Trail Mix?
Does eating too much "give you" worms or does it simply cause your hunger to spiral out of control?
Which food items contain protein?
In milling wheat some nutrients are removed by heat. How can those nutrients be fulfilled?
What happens if I consume only milk as my daily diet?
What leads health problen in eating ants' leftover?
What kind of food do you get on indiahikes trek?
What health benefits are found in a spicy horseradish?
Which fruits are cool to body?
Which one is more harmful for health? Dominos thin wheat crust pizza or a north Indian vegetable (like paneer do pyaza, etc) made by a restaurant?
What are some cheap and healthy foods when on low income?
Is it healthy for an 65 year old to eat dairy milk chocolate to lower the blood pressure?
Can I take vitamins instead of eating vegetables?
What are the drawbacks of breakfast only diets?
Do we need to have the same nutritional intake every day?
Is it necessary to go low on carbs and high on protein for FAT loss?
Is it safe to eat canned bean sprouts?
What are the benefits of eating vegetables before going to bed?
What is the healthiest brown rice brand?
Which is better, eating breakfast or fasting until lunch?
What are the healthy daily meal plans for Indian which should balance the right amount of carb, protein and fat?
What are the easiest plan ahead meals that kids love?
What causes periods of gas/bloating other than unhealthy eating?
Does added sugar diminish the body's ability to digest nutrients properly?
Is Lebanese food healthy?
Can healthy eating help in caring for sensitive skin?
Why do many foods containing oils or fats give an unpleasant smell if not consumed for a long time?
How long does it take the body to digest vegetables or tofu?
Can you motivate me to always exercise, stay fit, and eat healthy?
To what extent does China's pollution make food grown there less healthy than food grown in other parts of the world?
Why do I feel like I have a fever but I don't when I eat certain foods?
What happens if we don't eat dinner for one week?
What's a good vegan diet for sprinters?
What are examples of danger foods?
How do I make easy fast healthy dinner recipes?
Should I count calories or just eat healthy?
What would happen if I only ate two fruits and coffee a day for a month without exercising?
What are some easy-to-make, first-time vegetable meals for someone who is used to microwaving their meals?
What are the health benefits of a peanut butter and banana sandwich?
What are the healthiest options for school lunch?
What is the most credible research recommending organic food?
Which food last longer for diabetics to avoid frequent hunger?
What is healthier - smoothies or juice?
Which ones are healthier between pretzels and chips?
How healthy is eating almond milk and cereal?
Can you help me with some high protein and fat breakfast ideas without egg and dairy?
What should you not be eating after 3PM?
What's the best vegetarian Indian diet plan to reduce fat?
Is it okay to do Keto diet for 3 months straight?
What is a good idea for a light one day diet to balance/compensate a heavy meal the previous few days, like at a wedding etc.?
What are some healthy things to dip in guacamole?
Why is prolon diet price impossible to find?
What is the difference between garlic bread and bruschetta?
Can you get apples in your place whole year?
I usually follow a low-calorie diet, but I have to take strong antibiotics for a few days. Should I eat more till I'm finished with the meds?
How can I make healthy garlic croutons?
Does singing too much effect our health?
How do I have healthy mind?
Can I eat banana in the morning?
Are there any medically proven benefits of drinking noni juice everyday?
Is honey mustard dressing healthy?
How do you read mercury levels in fish?Halibut has .25-.29 ppm of mercury and 1 ppm=1 mg/l. It’s measured in milligrams per liter, but fish isn't a liquid.
What will happen if I take one tea spoon of turmeric powder every day after meal?
What are the disadvantages of eating soup everyday?
Is combination of egg with fish is bad for health?
Which is a healthier option to prevent sleep than caffeine?
Is it neccessary to consume food thrice a day?
What foods should one not eat after getting a tattoo, and what are some precautions that I should take?
Is my diet healthy, or will it have long-term bad consequences?
How long can you eat Ketogenic? Isn't it dangerous in the long-term?
What is the best approach for me to reduce belly fat for good, considering I have knee pain? Which exercise & what diet?
Is it good to take brown bread before excersie?
Which types of foods can improve memory and concentration instantly?
What weird food did you invent as a staple part of your diet?
What are examples of realistic diet plans?
Is drinking milk tea along with breakfast healthy?
How can I prevent feeling sick every time I eat?
What are some healthy food prep meals that taste good?
What are some problems in the Juicing, Detox, Healthy, Get fit & Be sexy industry? (Ie: bottled juices, etc)
What are the health benefits of hibiscus?
What is the effect of green smoothie compared to eating the greens in a salad on blood pressure?
Are fast foods really bad for health?
Why is oatmeal bread good for you?
Is it recommended to consume whey protein everyday?
Does the idea that it would only take 9 missed meals to make Americans completely vulnerable to subjugation hold up?
What do you do to stop eating/snacking?
What are the healthiest (I don't mean light!) breakfast foods?
What are the benefits of 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid in hibiscus sabdariffa?
Is it beneficial to eat fruits (shakes) during the day and only a low carb keto meal in the evening?
What is the 600lb diet?
What is best diet to make my mind smart and more alert instead of sleepy?
What are the benefits of living a health-centric life and how would you define that life?
Is ok to open food packages and eat before checkout?
Are edible cockroaches safe to eat?
Is too much monster bad for me?
What are some good frozen low carb meals?
What are some healing properties of garlic?
Is 400 calories a day too much? I feel like it is and that's how much I eat.
How can I make fried food healthier?
If you stay within your normal carbohydrate range on the ketogenic diet, is it okay to have a small amount of sugar sometimes (or sugar alcohols)?
What was your diet like as a tennis player?
What healthy diet with less sugar do nutritionists recommend? (breakfast, afternoon meal, and dinner)
How do I get taller despite stunting my growth?
What is the proper diet for an 18 year old girl?
Do potatoes lose calories when you boil them?
Which is the best oats between Quaker and Saffola oats?
Someone told me that you can get yellow teeth from lack of eating fruit and vegetables. Is this accurate and if so can you explain why that is?
What are the health benefits of almonds?
Which foods trigger acid reflex?
Is it good to eat eggs before bed?
What type of daily food is good for burning fat?
Are there any side effects of eating jaggery?
What are pros and cons of eating only apples for 60 days?
Is it possible for a human to digest too much fat in a ketogenic diet?
Why are my bowel movements better on a low-carbohydrate diet?
What are the dangers of eating reheatable meals?
Why is vegetable consumption so low in Germany?
How do I eat 750 grams of chicken in one meal?
What are the effects of eating bad chicken?
Is it wrong to eat naan with hummus in your opinion?
When should kids start eating vegetables?
Can sugar really get you high?
Are there focus groups for making unhealthy food more addictive?
What are the advantages of eating unflavored yogurt?
What is the difference between Being Healthy and being Fit? Can we be healthy but not fit or fit but not healthy?
Can a body of water be green-colored and be healthy?
What are the most important dos & don'ts when it comes to diet or food we eat if we want to lose weight?
how do you feel if someone asks you is it enough while eating?
What should be the diet in low price for good muscular power and for maintain sufficient energy in body?
What diet should be taken for good beard?
How staple to the Japanese diet are instant cup noodles?
Why is fried rice considered healthy?
If most foods cause gas, shouldn’t we just not eat them?
What is your favorite snack? Why?
Can tasty food items be made healthy?
Is champagne good for your health?
Is there a difference between eating 10 cookies all at once and eating 10 cookies spaced out throughout the day?
Why is eating healthy so hard and expensive?
Carnivores seem very upset by those choosing low or no meat diets-why?
How many calories are recommended for a snack?
What would happen after eating no chocolate or any other "Unhealthy"food?
Are there any proven health benefits from nicotine?
Why is fried chicken considered healthy?
What vegetarian foods do I eat to develop the strength to do front lever?
What is the amount of benzene in a cigarette compared to a tomato or other foods?
Is a cup of black coffee a day completely healthy?
Why is rice considered good for you on a diet?
Is healthy eating part of being an adult?
What happens when we eat what we love?
What is the best and healthy diet with less sugar consumption?
What are the health benefits of white rice?
What will happen if I don't exercise and eat two fruits a day and coffee for a month?
How healthy is it to eat raw fish?
How important is the traceability of your food?
Could you eat the sweetcorn that comes out in your poo and still get nutritional value?
What food we should not eat when we have thyford?
How do I lose weight with healthy yummy food as diet?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
Should I start eating breakfast and dinner again as a teen to lose fat and be healthy?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
If we eat Maggi noodles while we have diarrhea, will it affect us or not?
Is raw garlic a natural antibiotic?
What can you use (as a food substance) to replace carbs?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
How many people like to eat snacks?
Is food security in the US really better when the food is so processed and bad for you?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Why are apples considered bad for you?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
What are the benefits of eating fresh mozzarella while pregnant?
Prebiotics are non-digestible food ingredient like fibers, but a flour that has other ingredients beside its fiber, can be used as prebiotic too?
What should I do to lose belly fat? I’ve tried everything, drinking water and detox, doing exercise, eating healthy food, yet have seen no results.
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What are some of the healthiest foods at Panera?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
How does eating infrequent meals affect weight?
How would you respond to the statement, "I eat cows, but I don't eat octopus because the second one is more rational"?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
Is eating healthy worth it?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Is most seafood from the Pacific contaminated by radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
What are extinct fruits and vegetables?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
Is Vegemite healthy?
Which can I eat to improve my capacity to think more than genius?
How can someone eat the same breakfast (with small variations) every single morning?
What is the best bread for low-carb diet?
Is bone broth nutritious and healthy? What are some unique uses for bone broth?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
What grass can we eat to be healthy?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
Why did you stop your diet?
If you love to try a new food, do you ever read reviews or simply just walk into a restaurant?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How do you fuel for a run on a low-carb diet?
How do I maintain blood sugar level during Ramadan?
What are some small green vegetables?
How Hindus justify health benefits in drinking cow pee?
How do Sichuanese people stay so skinny even though their food is so oily?
Why does my stomach hurt so much after eating leafy green vegetables?
What diet is there that a breastfeeding mama can follow?
Can I eat fruits at night as my dinner because I want to have something light at night?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
Is eating oatmeal every day healthy if you are strength training?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What is the 'healthiest' body fat percentage?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
Is "detox diet" a real or made up concept?
Are there any quick, healthy meals to make that you would recommend for a university student?
How do world hotdog eating contestants manage to eat so many hotdogs?
Which time is good for eating a banana?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Who are the healthiest athletes?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
What are some healthy late night snacks before sleeping?
How can I diet and lose weight when I have school and and my mom makes meals that aren't healthy?
Should I run while still being full?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
Do you think people should eat more fruits and vegetables?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
As a type 2 diabetic, what are the best 5 foods you have found that have helped your condition?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
Can you eat garlic skin?
Can I buy ingredients for homemade bone broth from a regular supermarket without a butcher section?
What is the best time period for eating?
Is it true that animal protein decreases the antioxidant power of green tea and that you should drink tea 2 hours before/after eating animal protein?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are some North-Indian foods that are both healthy and tasty at the same time?
What are the risks of eating pork with worms in it?
Can a person expect to live a healthy and long life by eating only vegetables and fruits for the whole of his life?
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
Should we be concerned when eating cereals and foods that contain tripotassium phosphate?
Do we live to eat or eat to live?
If I love sweet and oily food, am I destined to be fat?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
Why is a tangerine considered healthy?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What does it mean when I purposely punish myself with food when I am upset or angry by not eating or by eating things I shouldn't due to my health?
Why does a baby’s poop vary in color, consistency, and smell even though they eat the same thing for every meal?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How beneficial are drumstick seeds for our health?
Is it unhealthy eating chicken skin?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
Will eating more fat and protein correct sunken eye hollows from cocaine?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
When fruits and vegetables are treated with lemon juice they don't undergo the browning effect. Why?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
How can I lose 100 pounds fast?
Why do people carry bread or baguette without covers or packing?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
What is the healthiest breakfast you can eat?
Is eating goat blood good?
What are legumes and nuts, and what are some examples?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
What are the benefits of eating broccoli and cheese?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
How much fat is needed daily to keep all the fat-soluble vitamins to be effectively & consistently absorbed?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
What should I eat to get more stamina?
What can I eat in between my meals?
Can sugar patients eat dates?
What are some of the negative effects of over eating?
Just how healthy are protein bars?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Why is dhana dal consumed after food in India?
What was your experience working at McDonalds? Would you still eat there after knowing how the food was prepared by the employees?
What is it that you cannot eat for breakfast?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How can can I lose 30 pounds before mid-September?
My oats have about 66 grams of carbohydrates per 100 grams, is it healthy for fat loss?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
Can I get diabetes from eating only one high-sugar-meal?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
How was it possible for large herbivore dinosaurs to consume enough food to sustain their size?
What is the best diet chart for a kidney patient with creatinine level 10 and high cholesterol?
Sometimes I tell myself that “starting tomorrow, I need to start my planned diet”, but I fail because I can't stop giving in to my appetite. What should I do?
What are all the ways you can eat chikoo?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
How can I market for a healthy and natural juice store?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
What are some easy, healthy meals to make as a student?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What food we should eat to live long life?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
What is a healthy and sustainable way to lose weight, a Keto diet or eliminating cereal and sugar but having recommended portions of other food groups?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Is the Everlasting Gobstopper made with natural or high fructose corn syrup?
What could be the diet chart for an 18-year-old boy if he wants to lose weight?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
How do I make pizza healthy yet remain cheesy and tasty?
What are the consequences of eating uncured salami?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
How could I cut down the flab from my torso, without making any changes in my average Indian diet?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
What are the health benefits of macadamia oil?
What are the positive and negative effects of using the toilet just after eating a meal?
How old do I have to be to purchase a food item with cash in Texas without a supervising adult?
I’m starting to eat healthy at 25. Can I undo all the harm I’ve already done with my body?
How much weight will I be able to lose by removing soda from my diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
Does Abilify make you fat?
Can I eat flavoured Quaker oatmeal for mono diets?
Is it healthy to consume a bread omelet before having dinner? If not, what is the ideal time to have it?
Is it bad to drink nothing but water?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
What is the role of food in spirituality? Can certain spiritual vibration states be attained solely through a perfect Sattvic diet with"high vibe"foods?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
How do we overcome eating junk food?
What are the things one shouldn't do while eating?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What are some recommendations for a good diet?
How much ghee should I eat daily if I am skinny or fat?
Is there a way to lose an inch of fat in less than a week? I am going on holiday in six days and I want to lose thigh and belly fat.
Is it rude to pray before a meal in a restaurant?
What is the safest and healthiest cookware and bakeware?
How do I order chalk to eat at a lower cost?
How can I be determined in my diet?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
What is the menu for Jet Airways’ complimentary meals?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
What are the health benefits of Kashmiri Kahwa?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Can organic food be an ideal food chart for kids?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
Why doesn’t the human body digest levorotatory sugar?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
Is it necessary to follow the low carb high fat diet during intermittent fasting or can I eat whatever I want?
What food should you avoid to eating when your blood pressure is high?
Where can I eat a good "impepata di cozze" in Bagnoli (Naples)?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
What are the risks of losing 25 pounds in 2 weeks?
Can eggs remain fresh out in the open? If so, for how many days?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
How do I get people to answer health related survey with HIPAA compliance?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
Is it safe to eat the same meals for a month?
When deciding product names, what factors should be considered? As such, what's a good name for any healthy snack?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
Is dining out bad for the health?
Why is white bread so popular in America when there are so many tastier options?
Why don't we want to eat when we're depressed?
Is eating raw tortillas bad for you?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can you stretch your stomach (appetite increase) from one cheat meal?
Is it bad to inhale too much rosemary oil directly?
How can you describe the health benefits of eating flounder daily?
Can eating clean salad after 10pm increase your sugar levels?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
How many of you still like to taste baby food? Is it healthy for an adult to consume food specially made for kids?
Is popcorn a healthy snack?
What foods give you comfort?
Do you have any good ideas about low-glycemic and anti-inflammatory meals?
What is food preservation?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What will happen if I start eating 10 spoons of ghee every day?
How do I improve my eating habits?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why do I keep gaining weight if I exercise everyday and eat healthy most of the time?
What are some examples of foods with caffeine?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
Is cheese healthy when you’re trying to lose weight?
What are the dangers of eating zebra mussels?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
While the world is searching for non-GMO food, who is funding research on GMO food?
Who are the five most popular diet and weight control "gurus"?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
How can I stop eating a lot and lose fat?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
What is your child's first choice of food?
My family is not tolerant about a vegetarian diet. What can I do?
What gastronomies used flaxseeds before health industry populated it?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
How much is the fitness trainer course fees in Gold's Gym Bangalore?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What meal would you request if it’s your last day to live?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What is something that you have become allergic to as you have grown up? I cannot have eggs on an empty stomach (breakfast), but I could as a child.
Is it possible to raise a healthy vegan dog?
What are some healthy deli meats?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
Which yogurt is the healthiest?
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
Should I eat less fruits and vegetables in order to have a snake-shaped stool instead of loose stools?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
What is the benefit of taking food vouchers and food cards as part of salary?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
How do I eat garlic bread?
What are the dangers of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Are food preservatives good or bad?
Which fibrous food should be taken in piles?
What is the best health food for a picky eater?
I am scared of healthy diet and drinking a lot of water in case we (human) run out of those things, how come?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Can I lose weight in 10 days? If yes, how?
What are some spicy Italian food recipes?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can you do evening snacks?
Is there any “proof” that vegans are healthier?
How did your eating habits change when you moved out/alone?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
Would you consider 2 cups of milk coffee instead of 1 cup of black coffee? Is it too acidic or healthy?
What can a diabetic patient eat daily?
How healthy is corn tortilla?
What are ways to eat sprats?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
Is it as unhealthy to drink any liquid right after consuming food as we are used to thinking?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain types of food?
What are some examples of low carb picnic recipes?
What is the healthiest type of noodles?
What are the most common dangers of eating smoked meat frequently?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
What are the options for healthy vegetarian ready made breakfast for students?
What's your easiest, healthiest meal to quickly feed a family of four?
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
If eating animal products is bad, then why don't I get fat eating this?
What is the preferred food for every part of the human body?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
Why is spam food considered not healthy?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
How dangerous is it to eat food out of a microwave that had chemicals sprayed in it?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
Is sauerkraut considered healthy in Chinese Medicine?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What's a proven place selling ecological, healthy fruit, veggies and other foods in Krakow?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia while being pregnant?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
What is a proper diet of a diabetic patient?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Why is peanut oil considered bad?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What is modified palm oil that is in the cookie that I eat? Is it a hydrogenated oil? Is it a trans fat? Is it bad for the heart?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
Is it true that most beans and grains contain a toxin that is harmful to our health, as advocated by one Dr. Gundy?
Keeping in view the nature of a desk job which results in tummy protuberance, what is an ideal dinner diet for a normal IT professional?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
What are some ways to lose 50 pounds in two weeks?
Do Muslims eat vegetables?
Would you eat palolo if it was ever offered to you?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
I drink Amazing Grass Green Super Food everyday, do I still need to eat salad?
Do you know why we should not eat raw bread?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
Is drinking 1 beer per day during dinner an unhealthy habit?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is it okay to have green chili on an empty stomach?
Why are your opinions on food challenges with extravagant portions?
If a rat eats part of a loaf of bread, is it advisable to remove the affected part and eat the rest of the bread?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
What is a food or snack that you liked from your childhood but has changed its recipe and is not as good now?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Should the US just ban fast food and invest on promoting organic foods in order to crush obesity and create healthier citizens?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What foods ferment in your stomach?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
How can you replace corn syrup with honey?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
How can you describe the benefits of eating raw zucchini?
With the amount of toxins in fish, is eating fish healthy?
Is it likely that there are micronutrients we haven't discovered yet?
How healthy are Americans?
Why is daily sweating important for health?
How do I increase protein content in milk through membrane technology?
Who can eat biltong?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What should we do to make our school children healthier?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
What should I eat to properly fuel myself for 4 track events?
How can I make good instant oatmeal?
What is the eating schedule in the West?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
What are the pros and cons of eating raw peas?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
Aside from smoking, how are the French so thin if they eat so much bread and pastries?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
What are some great snacks for an evening party?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What are the pros and cons of eating mangoes?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
What processed meats are bad for our health?
How much protein should I eat per day for each of the following: fat loss, muscle gain and no-workout times?
What is oatmeal made of?
Which food is bad for pregnant women?
What is the healthiest non-veg. food in India?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
What are the risks of eating raw zucchini?
What are the risks of eating dandelions?
How do know if I am eating more than I need?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
Is soya sauce anti-inflammatory or healthy in any other way?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
What happens to a person that loses their will to eat?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
What are the disadvantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
How much weight can I lose drinking only coffee?
Can someone make a keto diet for me? I am a vegetarian and don't eat too many vegetables like spinach or cauliflower. I can eat eggs though.
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
What is the healthiest cultural food?
What is the diet followed by top CEOs (especially Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai etc.) in USA?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
What is the best way to lose my lower-fat belly? What kind of diet I should do?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
Can you suggest me some low carb foods?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What are the risks of eating culantro leaves?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
Should you eat before bed?
What are healthy foods for kidney disease?
What changes should take place in terms of Uzbek eating habits?
Is it okay to make yourself throw up after eating junk food and big meals?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
How much should a 12-year-old exercise daily? What should they eat to stay healthy if they weigh 105 lbs?
Is it healthy to drink banana milk shake every day?
What happens when a small group of people start a competitive mutual diet?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
Is it really unhealthy to drink water after having a meal?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
What food do you like to eat the way it is not supposed to be eaten or should not be eaten? Why do you prefer it and does it pose a health risk?
Can a diabetic patient eat Revital?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What problems usually happen with vegans after 1-4 years of practising such diet?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain type of food? Read the description too.
Is frozen eggy curry healthy after one day?
Is it good to go for a health card?
Is the processed food found in correctional facilities healthy?
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
What causes phlegm after eating?
Are there any healthy noodles?
What is more unhealthy - potato chips or store-bought sweets?
What should be eaten for dinner that will help with IBS?
What are the risks of eating bad bacon?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Do you notice any difference after eating probiotics?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
What are the benefits of cod liver oil and malt?
Will the probability of you getting cancer decrease if you eat organic foods?
What should be done with the pieces of fruits and vegetables left after drinking the detox water?
Can we eat bananas or any other fruits on an empty stomach?
Which fresh fruit & vegetable juices or smoothies can you recommend I buy in store (UK) and which offers the most benefit?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
I only want to eat one thing all the time, and so I barely eat. What causes this?
What are some easy on the go ways to remember not to overeat? I always eat more than healthy in the moment.
Who are the best people to follow for a healthy vegan diet to shed fat?
What food items are good for a thyroid patient?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
What is the best Organic vegan meal replacement?
Which are the almost necessary vegetables, fruits and diary products for survival-for a healthy man?
How can I differentiate good from lesser quality brown bread?
How can I measure the calories burned eating celery?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Why is baked chicken considered healthy?
What should I eat after a workout and for the rest of the day?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Is diebetic chocolate good or bad for the pre-diabetic stage?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
What is the best food for runners to eat?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
What is better for the health, a fruit or its juice?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
How much fruits should one eat?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
How did you implement drastic changes in your eating habits as a result of bad health or a medical diagnosis requiring you to do so?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
How long would it take to die if I stopped eating and simply drank water?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can I make other vegetables ferment just like cabbage sauerkraut?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
Is eating raw soya chunks safe or harmful?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Why can't some people stand eating chili?
Are cans with easy-open ring tabs worse for your health than the cans that must be opened with a can opener?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
Is it true that if you use your brain at its maximum you won't get fat no matter how much you eat?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
What are the food combinations to avoid?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
Why are we able to concentrate more when we eat light food, as compared to heavy food?
How are Andrea’s meals unique from other meals?
What does a workout diet look like?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Is it okay to eat pork everyday?
What is the biochemical process that makes eating fat bad for your heart and increasing cholesterol?
Why do some dried figs taste strange?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Are there any university quick meals to make that you can recommend?
Do ants suffer from diabetes as their 90% of food intake is sweet?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
How does food drop work in London?
What does it mean to have a low K/Na ratio and how does that affect the body? How can one increase that ratio?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
What can I do about overeating temptations after eating a meal, even a big meal? The temptations are a lot stronger then, than before eating.
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What foods should I eat in the morning before going to the gym if I want to lose fat?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does vanilla contain gluten?
Do Californians eat healthier than the rest of the U.S.?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Are people looking for home cooked food in Bangalore?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
Has the issue of vegetarianism versus non vegetarianism divided the society based on taste and preferences?
What is a healthy breakfast before an exam?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
What will compel you to adopt organic foods in your day-to-day food purchase?
Which is the most polarizing food?
Can we drink grape juice daily?
How do I stop eating at/start eating way less and lose fat as a teenager?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
Do mice & roaches eat produce that is left out, especially those without thick skins, like apples, sweet potatoes, kiwis, etc.? If so, how do I prevent this?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
What are the benefits of eating all the grass that you want?
Is it unethical for charities to accept junk food donations?
Do you prefer cooking healthy at home or eating dinner out?
Does eating banana help in your voice-overs?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
Is it bad to eat mud?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is microwave-heated food good for the health?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
What is a good oatmeal recipe for someone that doesn't like oatmeal?
What are some healthy snacks for a type 2 diabetic?
What food is the most unhealthy?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
Does brinjal contain fat?
What is the truth about eggs? I have high cholesterol and quit eating eggs years ago. Now I hear that eggs are good for everyone. Is it so?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas that are easy on a sensitive stomach?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
Are green smoothies healthy?
Is everything we eat organic material?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it advisable to eat fruits along with dry fruits?
Can eating bhang daily cause impotence?
What is the best way to eat raw avocado?
I'm 14 years old. How can I start having a healthy diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Should one eat Kurkure or not?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
What are the nutritional benefits of salmon caviar?
Is beer good for your health?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Is salt unhealthy?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
I run 2 km everyday, what should be my diet plan so that I could be able to reduce my side fats?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
Should I start eating breakfast and dinner again as a teen to lose fat and be healthy?
What does it mean when you're hungry, but you really don't feel like eating?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
If we eat Maggi noodles while we have diarrhea, will it affect us or not?
Is raw garlic a natural antibiotic?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
What can you use (as a food substance) to replace carbs?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What happens if I use a blender to substitute for chewing food at every meal?
How many people like to eat snacks?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
Is food security in the US really better when the food is so processed and bad for you?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
Why are apples considered bad for you?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
Is chicken bad for your health?
Should food banks be required to give people healthy choices, instead of white bread and spaghetti?
What are the benefits of eating fresh mozzarella while pregnant?
Prebiotics are non-digestible food ingredient like fibers, but a flour that has other ingredients beside its fiber, can be used as prebiotic too?
What should I do to lose belly fat? I’ve tried everything, drinking water and detox, doing exercise, eating healthy food, yet have seen no results.
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What are some of the healthiest foods at Panera?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
Is it safe to eat raw Nutrela Soya Chunks?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
How would you respond to the statement, "I eat cows, but I don't eat octopus because the second one is more rational"?
How does eating infrequent meals affect weight?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is eating healthy worth it?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Is most seafood from the Pacific contaminated by radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
Which foods have gotten worse in your lifetime?
What are extinct fruits and vegetables?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
Is Vegemite healthy?
Which can I eat to improve my capacity to think more than genius?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
What are some ideas of foods to eat before going to bed for weightloss?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
How can someone eat the same breakfast (with small variations) every single morning?
Is Pepsi really very bad for my health if I consume only 300ml of it daily?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
What is the best bread for low-carb diet?
Is bone broth nutritious and healthy? What are some unique uses for bone broth?
What is the reaction between lemon and milk?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
How do you eat a pineapple the right way?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
What grass can we eat to be healthy?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What are the unique eating habits of thin people?
Why did you stop your diet?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
If you love to try a new food, do you ever read reviews or simply just walk into a restaurant?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How do you fuel for a run on a low-carb diet?
Can I drink coffee while eating orange?
What are the best snack foods to maximise height potential?
How do I maintain blood sugar level during Ramadan?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What are some small green vegetables?
How Hindus justify health benefits in drinking cow pee?
How do Sichuanese people stay so skinny even though their food is so oily?
Can we keep fruits and raw vegetables together​?
What are some suggestions for low carb food for a picnic?
Why does my stomach hurt so much after eating leafy green vegetables?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What diet is there that a breastfeeding mama can follow?
Can I eat fruits at night as my dinner because I want to have something light at night?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
What are the main and most important health benefits of Bay leaves?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is eating oatmeal every day healthy if you are strength training?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What is the 'healthiest' body fat percentage?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
Is "detox diet" a real or made up concept?
I'm trying to lose weight. Would this be a good diet plan to lose weight?
What are the risks of eating garlic bread with garlic salt on a daily basis?
Are there any quick, healthy meals to make that you would recommend for a university student?
What vegeterian diet should a normal Indian human follow?
How do world hotdog eating contestants manage to eat so many hotdogs?
What is a healthy easy alternative for pizza pockets for breakfast?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
Is it bad to eat chocolate everyday?
Which time is good for eating a banana?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
Is rasayna churna is good for health? What are the benefits of rasayna churna? Is it good for daily use?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Who are the healthiest athletes?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
Can we have only vegetables instead of breakfast? Which are the best Indian vegetables?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
What are some healthy late night snacks before sleeping?
How can I diet and lose weight when I have school and and my mom makes meals that aren't healthy?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Should I run while still being full?
What are the eating habits of the people of Quora?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
Do you think people should eat more fruits and vegetables?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
As a type 2 diabetic, what are the best 5 foods you have found that have helped your condition?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
Are Kellogg's Bran Flakes healthy?
Can you eat garlic skin?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
I will start my vegan diet. Lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, avocado with honey mustard dressing. Can I lose weight when I eat this everyday?
Can I buy ingredients for homemade bone broth from a regular supermarket without a butcher section?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
What are some healthy recipes for people with ulcers?
What is the best time period for eating?
Is it true that animal protein decreases the antioxidant power of green tea and that you should drink tea 2 hours before/after eating animal protein?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are some North-Indian foods that are both healthy and tasty at the same time?
What are the risks of eating pork with worms in it?
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Can a person expect to live a healthy and long life by eating only vegetables and fruits for the whole of his life?
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
What is an online health food store that is organic, or close to it?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
Should we be concerned when eating cereals and foods that contain tripotassium phosphate?
Do we live to eat or eat to live?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
If I love sweet and oily food, am I destined to be fat?
Is it true that glycemic index of oats changes with the processing method? What is the GI of steel cut, cold roller press and finely ground oats?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
Why is a tangerine considered healthy?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What does it mean when I purposely punish myself with food when I am upset or angry by not eating or by eating things I shouldn't due to my health?
Why does a baby’s poop vary in color, consistency, and smell even though they eat the same thing for every meal?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
There is a saying, "Only people with a taste for good food or who eat well have a good chance of being good cooks." Is this true?
What are the benefits of camote leaves?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How beneficial are drumstick seeds for our health?
Is it unhealthy eating chicken skin?
Is it okay to get staphylococcus in a canned ready-to-eat food product?
Why does eating lots of fruits and vegetables make my stools big and really hard, when it should be the opposite?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
Will eating more fat and protein correct sunken eye hollows from cocaine?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
What are the benefits of eating gluten free carrot soup?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
When fruits and vegetables are treated with lemon juice they don't undergo the browning effect. Why?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
How can I lose 100 pounds fast?
Why do people carry bread or baguette without covers or packing?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What is the healthiest breakfast you can eat?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
Is eating goat blood good?
What are the disadvantages of garlic?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
What are legumes and nuts, and what are some examples?
What are the benefits of eating broccoli and cheese?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
How much fat is needed daily to keep all the fat-soluble vitamins to be effectively & consistently absorbed?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
What diet is good for the brain?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
What should I eat to get more stamina?
What can I eat in between my meals?
Can sugar patients eat dates?
What are some of the negative effects of over eating?
Some people get gassy after eating beans, others don't. What is the difference in how the beans are processed by their stomachs?
Just how healthy are protein bars?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Why is dhana dal consumed after food in India?
What was your experience working at McDonalds? Would you still eat there after knowing how the food was prepared by the employees?
What is it that you cannot eat for breakfast?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Does Yaz make you fat?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How can can I lose 30 pounds before mid-September?
My oats have about 66 grams of carbohydrates per 100 grams, is it healthy for fat loss?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
What are the highly demanding agricultural produce (vegetables and fruits) in the modern society?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
Can I get diabetes from eating only one high-sugar-meal?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
How was it possible for large herbivore dinosaurs to consume enough food to sustain their size?
What is the best diet chart for a kidney patient with creatinine level 10 and high cholesterol?
Sometimes I tell myself that “starting tomorrow, I need to start my planned diet”, but I fail because I can't stop giving in to my appetite. What should I do?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
How is meal prep useful? Don't the meals go bad during the week?
What are all the ways you can eat chikoo?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
How can I market for a healthy and natural juice store?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
What is the best food to eat in the summer for one’s health?
What are some easy, healthy meals to make as a student?
How does your palate change over time?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What are the three easiest healthy vegan meals I can prepare at home?
What food we should eat to live long life?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What is a healthy and sustainable way to lose weight, a Keto diet or eliminating cereal and sugar but having recommended portions of other food groups?
What are some healthy snack ideas that I can keep in my car?
What are some good, easy snacks to make at night?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Is the Everlasting Gobstopper made with natural or high fructose corn syrup?
What could be the diet chart for an 18-year-old boy if he wants to lose weight?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
How do I make pizza healthy yet remain cheesy and tasty?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
What are the consequences of eating uncured salami?
Should popcorn be reintroduced as a breakfast cereal?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
How could I cut down the flab from my torso, without making any changes in my average Indian diet?
What is your favorite snack that you enjoy?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
What are the health benefits of macadamia oil?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What are the positive and negative effects of using the toilet just after eating a meal?
Are 5 to 6 almonds daily good for your health?
How old do I have to be to purchase a food item with cash in Texas without a supervising adult?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
I’m starting to eat healthy at 25. Can I undo all the harm I’ve already done with my body?
How much weight will I be able to lose by removing soda from my diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
Does Abilify make you fat?
What would chefs out there think of my tuna pasta recipe? Can I have some comments, suggestions, or tips?
Can I eat flavoured Quaker oatmeal for mono diets?
How can I stop eating junk food as a teenager?
Is it healthy to consume a bread omelet before having dinner? If not, what is the ideal time to have it?
Is it bad to drink nothing but water?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
What is a good diet for losing hip fat?
What is the role of food in spirituality? Can certain spiritual vibration states be attained solely through a perfect Sattvic diet with"high vibe"foods?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
How do we overcome eating junk food?
What are the things one shouldn't do while eating?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
What are some recommendations for a good diet?
Is there any harm in passing through an X-ray gate once a day, six days per week, if I am inside a car? Will there be any harmful consequences?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
How much ghee should I eat daily if I am skinny or fat?
How can I stop eating a lot to lose fat as a teen?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
Is there a way to lose an inch of fat in less than a week? I am going on holiday in six days and I want to lose thigh and belly fat.
Is it rude to pray before a meal in a restaurant?
What are some suggestions for healthy and easy summer drinks using a small number of ingredients?
What is the safest and healthiest cookware and bakeware?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
How do I order chalk to eat at a lower cost?
How can I be determined in my diet?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
What is breakfast? What else can we eat?
What is the menu for Jet Airways’ complimentary meals?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
Is alcohol classed as a food item in the US?
What are the health benefits of Kashmiri Kahwa?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Can you lose weight by eating one meal a day?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
Can organic food be an ideal food chart for kids?
Why do humans regurgitate some foods?
How effective is the sashimi diet to lose weight?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
Why doesn’t the human body digest levorotatory sugar?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
What are the benefits of cooking with cinnamon?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
What are disadvantages of good health?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
Is it necessary to follow the low carb high fat diet during intermittent fasting or can I eat whatever I want?
What food should you avoid to eating when your blood pressure is high?
Where can I eat a good "impepata di cozze" in Bagnoli (Naples)?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Can eggs remain fresh out in the open? If so, for how many days?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
How do I get people to answer health related survey with HIPAA compliance?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
What are some examples of foods that help with concentration?
What is a good real organic health food store online for many different foods?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
Is it safe to eat the same meals for a month?
When deciding product names, what factors should be considered? As such, what's a good name for any healthy snack?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
What are the benefits of eating chorizo (sausage) while being pregnant?
What are the risks of eating lychee fruit during pregnancy?
Is dining out bad for the health?
What are the benefits of eating garlic bread and garlic salt once a week?
Why is white bread so popular in America when there are so many tastier options?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
I weight 103kg but I eat healthy, I'm a triathlete and I've been told that I'm healthy. Should I be worried?
Why don't we want to eat when we're depressed?
Is eating raw tortillas bad for you?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can you stretch your stomach (appetite increase) from one cheat meal?
Is it bad to inhale too much rosemary oil directly?
Why should coconut palm sugar be used?
How can you describe the health benefits of eating flounder daily?
Can eating clean salad after 10pm increase your sugar levels?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
How many of you still like to taste baby food? Is it healthy for an adult to consume food specially made for kids?
Is popcorn a healthy snack?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What kind of snacks do you love the most?
Being a vegetarian, what certain foods should I be eating everyday to maintain a healthy body and mind?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
What are some of the risks of eating uncooked quinoa?
What foods give you comfort?
Do you have any good ideas about low-glycemic and anti-inflammatory meals?
What is food preservation?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What will happen if I start eating 10 spoons of ghee every day?
How do I improve my eating habits?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why do I keep gaining weight if I exercise everyday and eat healthy most of the time?
What are some examples of foods with caffeine?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
Is cheese healthy when you’re trying to lose weight?
What are the dangers of eating zebra mussels?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
While the world is searching for non-GMO food, who is funding research on GMO food?
Who are the five most popular diet and weight control "gurus"?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
How can I stop eating a lot and lose fat?
Can I substitute artificial sweeteners for sugar?
How do I make boiled vegetables?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
What is your child's first choice of food?
What is the healthiest recipe you have ever prepared?
My family is not tolerant about a vegetarian diet. What can I do?
What gastronomies used flaxseeds before health industry populated it?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
How much is the fitness trainer course fees in Gold's Gym Bangalore?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What is the method to eat oats?
Is filet mignon healthy?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What meal would you request if it’s your last day to live?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
Is it possible to raise a healthy vegan dog?
What is something that you have become allergic to as you have grown up? I cannot have eggs on an empty stomach (breakfast), but I could as a child.
What are some healthy deli meats?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
Which yogurt is the healthiest?
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
Why is gyro meat considered healthy?
Should I eat less fruits and vegetables in order to have a snake-shaped stool instead of loose stools?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
What is the benefit of taking food vouchers and food cards as part of salary?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is there any health value if I grind white or red beans to a powder state? And how do I intake it?
What are the dangers of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
How do I eat garlic bread?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
How does Fish-n-Chips differ from Filet-o-Fish meal?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Are food preservatives good or bad?
Can I eat bread that was in the same oven as melted plastic?
Which fibrous food should be taken in piles?
What is the best health food for a picky eater?
I am scared of healthy diet and drinking a lot of water in case we (human) run out of those things, how come?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Can I lose weight in 10 days? If yes, how?
What are some spicy Italian food recipes?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can you do evening snacks?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
Is there any “proof” that vegans are healthier?
How did your eating habits change when you moved out/alone?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
Would you consider 2 cups of milk coffee instead of 1 cup of black coffee? Is it too acidic or healthy?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
What can a diabetic patient eat daily?
How good is it to bench every day?
How healthy is corn tortilla?
What are ways to eat sprats?
Why is chocolate milk good for you?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
Is it as unhealthy to drink any liquid right after consuming food as we are used to thinking?
What happens if sauerkraut is not completely submerged during fermentation?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain types of food?
What are some examples of low carb picnic recipes?
What is the healthiest type of noodles?
What is the initial diet?
What are the most common dangers of eating smoked meat frequently?
How can I lose 10lbs in 3 months?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
What are the options for healthy vegetarian ready made breakfast for students?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Do you have a cost effective, healthy shake/smoothie recipe I could make & drink everyday?
What's your easiest, healthiest meal to quickly feed a family of four?
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
Why do parents give processed & packed food items to small kids when it is clearly mentioned that it contains many preservatives?
If eating animal products is bad, then why don't I get fat eating this?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
What is the preferred food for every part of the human body?
Why are food items rated in terms of kilocalories?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
Does eating dry fruits help in weightloss?
Why is spam food considered not healthy?
What is the best healthy food that can improve the collagen in your skin naturally?
How is cold pressed juice better than normal juice?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
How dangerous is it to eat food out of a microwave that had chemicals sprayed in it?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What are the dangers of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
What do I do if I miss a meal?
Is sauerkraut considered healthy in Chinese Medicine?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What's a proven place selling ecological, healthy fruit, veggies and other foods in Krakow?
Does heating spices like turmeric or rosemary neutralize their health benefits like heating does to garlic for example?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia while being pregnant?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Why don't I get full when I’m eating breakfast? I'm not even that hungry. It's more of an empty feeling.
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
What is a proper diet of a diabetic patient?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
Why is peanut oil considered bad?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What is modified palm oil that is in the cookie that I eat? Is it a hydrogenated oil? Is it a trans fat? Is it bad for the heart?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
If it’s 1 am and I want to eat badly, where should I go to have some tasty food?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
What can I do to start liking vegetables?
Is it true that most beans and grains contain a toxin that is harmful to our health, as advocated by one Dr. Gundy?
Why do we soak dates in water before eating them?
Keeping in view the nature of a desk job which results in tummy protuberance, what is an ideal dinner diet for a normal IT professional?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
Are Goya black beans healthy for us?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
What are some ways to lose 50 pounds in two weeks?
Is it harder or easier to create a food-item that normally costs a little more?
Do Muslims eat vegetables?
Would you eat palolo if it was ever offered to you?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
What's a 1,200 high protein low carb diet?
Why do people say Chinese street food is not good for the health, as it is made with Ajinomoto in it? Does it harm you if it is made with Ajinomoto?
I drink Amazing Grass Green Super Food everyday, do I still need to eat salad?
Do you know why we should not eat raw bread?
Does blending fruits and vegetables in to a smoothie take away the benefits of the fiber?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
Is drinking 1 beer per day during dinner an unhealthy habit?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
What can I eat before I masturbate?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Is it okay to have green chili on an empty stomach?
Why are your opinions on food challenges with extravagant portions?
If a rat eats part of a loaf of bread, is it advisable to remove the affected part and eat the rest of the bread?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What is the best breakfast diet to lose belly fat?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
What is a food or snack that you liked from your childhood but has changed its recipe and is not as good now?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
Is it good to eat the same dishes every day, even if they are well-balanced?
Could there be health effects from being too muscular?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Should the US just ban fast food and invest on promoting organic foods in order to crush obesity and create healthier citizens?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What foods ferment in your stomach?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
How can you replace corn syrup with honey?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
What are the 6 different food groups?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
Can a person survive on just fruits and vegetables?
How can you describe the benefits of eating raw zucchini?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
With the amount of toxins in fish, is eating fish healthy?
Is it likely that there are micronutrients we haven't discovered yet?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
How healthy are Americans?
Why is daily sweating important for health?
How do I increase protein content in milk through membrane technology?
Who can eat biltong?
What are English peas good for?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
What should we do to make our school children healthier?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
What should I eat to properly fuel myself for 4 track events?
How can I make good instant oatmeal?
What is the eating schedule in the West?
Which foods are bad for asthmatics?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
What are the pros and cons of eating raw peas?
Can we eat eggs with lassi?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Can humans metabolize vegetables?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
Do men watch their food diets?
What are the risks of the sashimi diet?
Aside from smoking, how are the French so thin if they eat so much bread and pastries?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
If someone eats a meal with ants, what would happen to the human body?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
What are some great snacks for an evening party?
Are there health benefits to our bodies producing phlegm?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
Is it safe to eat salmon bought from UK supermarkets despite the recent threat of Lepeophtheirus salmonis?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What are the pros and cons of eating mangoes?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
What processed meats are bad for our health?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
How can I stop eating a lot and get skinny as a teenager?
How much protein should I eat per day for each of the following: fat loss, muscle gain and no-workout times?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What is oatmeal made of?
Which food is bad for pregnant women?
What is the healthiest non-veg. food in India?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
How are meal replacement products helpful for diabetic patients?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
My thighs are pretty big, how can I make them thinner and healthier?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
Do any people on Quora follow a low FODMAP diet on a permanent basis?
Is there any possible way to control cancer? I mean not to cure it, but only controlling the level of cell multiplication.
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the risks of eating raw zucchini?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What are the risks of eating dandelions?
How do know if I am eating more than I need?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
What happens to a person that loses their will to eat?
Is soya sauce anti-inflammatory or healthy in any other way?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
What are the disadvantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
How much weight can I lose drinking only coffee?
Should you eat only when your stomach rumbles to maintain weight?
Can someone make a keto diet for me? I am a vegetarian and don't eat too many vegetables like spinach or cauliflower. I can eat eggs though.
Is eating several kilograms of fruit daily harmful for your health?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
What is the healthiest cultural food?
What is the difference between steel cut oats and regular oatmeal?
What is the diet followed by top CEOs (especially Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai etc.) in USA?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
Are cookies healthy?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
I go to gym every day and I follow good diet, but I can't get rid of my tummy fat. It is really so big and it really bothers me. What should I do?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
What is the best way to lose my lower-fat belly? What kind of diet I should do?
Why aren’t patients allowed to eat or drink immediately after surgery?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Can I survive while eating nothing but bread and canned tuna?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
What will happen to my body if I always eat two uncooked eggs?
What are good exercises and diet for hand and finger strength?
What are fool-proof ways to preserve cut fruits & vegetables from rotting quickly after eating only a portion of say avocados, melons, mangoes, etc?
Can you suggest me some low carb foods?
What are some of the strangest food combinations?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
Should we drink juice/eat fruits before food or after food/breakfast/dinner?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
Which gives the best results for weight loss, a low-carb diet and weights or running and a low-carb diet?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What are the risks of eating culantro leaves?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
Should you eat before bed?
What are healthy foods for kidney disease?
What changes should take place in terms of Uzbek eating habits?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
Is it okay to make yourself throw up after eating junk food and big meals?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
Why does my brother eat all the time but never get fat?
Which works better, gym or diet?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
How much should a 12-year-old exercise daily? What should they eat to stay healthy if they weigh 105 lbs?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
Is it healthy to drink banana milk shake every day?
What happens when a small group of people start a competitive mutual diet?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
How do the popularities of vegan, gluten-free, and Paleo diets compare?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas?
Are there any Muslims in India who eat or have eaten camel meat? If yes how did it taste like?
Is it really unhealthy to drink water after having a meal?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
What food do you like to eat the way it is not supposed to be eaten or should not be eaten? Why do you prefer it and does it pose a health risk?
Can a diabetic patient eat Revital?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
Why is seafood salad healthy?
What problems usually happen with vegans after 1-4 years of practising such diet?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain type of food? Read the description too.
Is frozen eggy curry healthy after one day?
Is it good to go for a health card?
Why am I skinny even though I eat food?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Are there any foods that you prefer to eat after the expiration date?
What is the best diet for housewives?
Is the processed food found in correctional facilities healthy?
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
What causes phlegm after eating?
Are there any healthy noodles?
What is more unhealthy - potato chips or store-bought sweets?
What should be eaten for dinner that will help with IBS?
Does raw cacao have any real benefits? Some people call it a "superfood", but I haven't found any evidence to support that.
If GM foods become mainstay, which companies will benefit?
What are the risks of eating bad bacon?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Do you notice any difference after eating probiotics?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
What are the benefits of cod liver oil and malt?
Will the probability of you getting cancer decrease if you eat organic foods?
What should be done with the pieces of fruits and vegetables left after drinking the detox water?
Can we eat bananas or any other fruits on an empty stomach?
Which fresh fruit & vegetable juices or smoothies can you recommend I buy in store (UK) and which offers the most benefit?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
What are the dumplings' name that you can eat for breakfast in Taiwan street?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
I only want to eat one thing all the time, and so I barely eat. What causes this?
What are some easy on the go ways to remember not to overeat? I always eat more than healthy in the moment.
What happens if you eat after 7 PM?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
Is fruit cultivated for sweetness?
What should a person eat after an appendectomy?
Who are the best people to follow for a healthy vegan diet to shed fat?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
If me and my successors start eating grass from now, will our appendix redevelop?
What food items are good for a thyroid patient?
What do I eat to improve my skin elasticity?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Is it safe to eat crab legs while being pregnant?
Is it healthy to eat donuts for breakfast?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
What is the best Organic vegan meal replacement?
Which are the almost necessary vegetables, fruits and diary products for survival-for a healthy man?
Does eating a certain diet help you be spiritually more pure?
Which fruits and vegetables do I eat to become really strong physically as well as mentally?
How can I differentiate good from lesser quality brown bread?
How can I measure the calories burned eating celery?
How unhealthy are burgers?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Why is baked chicken considered healthy?
What should I eat after a workout and for the rest of the day?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
Why are fresh, good quality fruits and vegetables not available in Ahmedabad and most parts of India nowadays?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Is it good to eat bananas on an empty stomach?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
Which basic spice is bad for your health?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Is diebetic chocolate good or bad for the pre-diabetic stage?
Is mac and cheese healthy?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
What is the best food for runners to eat?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
How much apple cider juice is too much, and is it bad for you?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
What is better for the health, a fruit or its juice?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
How much fruits should one eat?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
How did you implement drastic changes in your eating habits as a result of bad health or a medical diagnosis requiring you to do so?
What are the best home-cooked recipe channels on YouTube and Facebook for international grad students in the US?
How much Spirulina should I put in my morning smoothie?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
How long would it take to die if I stopped eating and simply drank water?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can I make other vegetables ferment just like cabbage sauerkraut?
Can milk be used as post workout drink?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
Is it possible to live your whole life drinking only your favorite 100% natural freshly made juice?
Is eating raw soya chunks safe or harmful?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Why can't some people stand eating chili?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
Are cans with easy-open ring tabs worse for your health than the cans that must be opened with a can opener?
Is it true that if you use your brain at its maximum you won't get fat no matter how much you eat?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
How good is the juice business?
What are the advantages of papain?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
Can fruits be eaten at night before bed?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
What are the food combinations to avoid?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
Why are we able to concentrate more when we eat light food, as compared to heavy food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
How are Andrea’s meals unique from other meals?
What does a workout diet look like?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Can a BP patient eat mint?
Why does dieting fail?
How can I use linseed in my meals?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Is it okay to eat pork everyday?
Am I eating too many carbs?
What is the biochemical process that makes eating fat bad for your heart and increasing cholesterol?
Why do some dried figs taste strange?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
How come date fruit stays good for longer?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Are there any university quick meals to make that you can recommend?
Do ants suffer from diabetes as their 90% of food intake is sweet?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
How does food drop work in London?
What does it mean to have a low K/Na ratio and how does that affect the body? How can one increase that ratio?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
What can I do about overeating temptations after eating a meal, even a big meal? The temptations are a lot stronger then, than before eating.
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
What are the benefits of eating stink bugs?
Why are lychees considered good for you?
What would be a perfect finger food item at a winter business lunch?
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
Is V8 "green" juice just as good as eating vegetables?
What foods should I eat in the morning before going to the gym if I want to lose fat?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
Is it easier for a teenager (14) to lose weight on a low carb diet?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does vanilla contain gluten?
Do Californians eat healthier than the rest of the U.S.?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Are people looking for home cooked food in Bangalore?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
What should I eat if I am going out to eat, so as to not to increase belly fat?
What are the health benefits of cooking with fish oil?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
What are the benefits of eating javelina boar?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
Is eating animals and plants moral, considering that both are likely sentient and experience emotion and pain?
Are expectations healthy?
Has the issue of vegetarianism versus non vegetarianism divided the society based on taste and preferences?
What is a healthy breakfast before an exam?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
What will compel you to adopt organic foods in your day-to-day food purchase?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
Could humans survive primarily on a diet of mushrooms?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
Which is the most polarizing food?
Can we drink grape juice daily?
How do I stop eating at/start eating way less and lose fat as a teenager?
If you are coeliac and you accidentally eat gluten, should you eat nothing after that, or a lot of non-gluten food?
What's the difference between cold pressing and slow juicing?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
Do mice & roaches eat produce that is left out, especially those without thick skins, like apples, sweet potatoes, kiwis, etc.? If so, how do I prevent this?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What food is good for a badminton player?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
What are some useful Indian cooking tips?
What are the benefits of eating all the grass that you want?
Is it unethical for charities to accept junk food donations?
Do you prefer cooking healthy at home or eating dinner out?
What are some healthy low sugar meal ideas for breakfast, lunch & dinner?
Does eating banana help in your voice-overs?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
Is it bad to eat mud?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is microwave-heated food good for the health?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
What's the healthy eating for fatty liver?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
What is a good oatmeal recipe for someone that doesn't like oatmeal?
What are some healthy snacks for a type 2 diabetic?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
What food is the most unhealthy?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
Why are American breakfasts so full of sugar?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
Does brinjal contain fat?
What is the truth about eggs? I have high cholesterol and quit eating eggs years ago. Now I hear that eggs are good for everyone. Is it so?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas that are easy on a sensitive stomach?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
Which is healthier: vegan or paleo?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
Are green smoothies healthy?
How can I stay hydrated with food?
Is everything we eat organic material?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it advisable to eat fruits along with dry fruits?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Can eating bhang daily cause impotence?
What is the best way to eat raw avocado?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
I'm 14 years old. How can I start having a healthy diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Should one eat Kurkure or not?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
What are the nutritional benefits of salmon caviar?
Is beer good for your health?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
What should I eat or drink to avoid cramps?
Is salt unhealthy?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
How do you make healthy ginger dressing?
What's your favorite way of eating fruit?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What can you use (as a food substance) to replace carbs?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Is chicken bad for your health?
They say oatmeal is the ultimate cholesterol lowering food. Does that hold true for oatmeal cookies?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
What are some ideas of foods to eat before going to bed for weightloss?
Is Vegemite healthy?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
Why do we eat more?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
How do I stop over eating and develop healthy eating habits?
What happens if I eat clean at maintenance?
Can I drink coffee while eating orange?
What are the best snack foods to maximise height potential?
How do I maintain blood sugar level during Ramadan?
How do Sichuanese people stay so skinny even though their food is so oily?
How much aspartame can one consume?
What are some suggestions for low carb food for a picnic?
Why does my stomach hurt so much after eating leafy green vegetables?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
I'm trying to lose weight. Would this be a good diet plan to lose weight?
What is a healthy easy alternative for pizza pockets for breakfast?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
Can we have only vegetables instead of breakfast? Which are the best Indian vegetables?
In terms of losing weight, is it better to go on a diet and not exercise as much, or to eat normally and create a strict fitness routine?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
Should I run while still being full?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
Is it cheaper to live as a vegetarian or on a diet that includes meat?
What are the eating habits of the people of Quora?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
As a type 2 diabetic, what are the best 5 foods you have found that have helped your condition?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
If I love sweet and oily food, am I destined to be fat?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Why is a tangerine considered healthy?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
What does it mean when I purposely punish myself with food when I am upset or angry by not eating or by eating things I shouldn't due to my health?
There is a saying, "Only people with a taste for good food or who eat well have a good chance of being good cooks." Is this true?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
What are the benefits of camote leaves?
How beneficial are drumstick seeds for our health?
Is it unhealthy eating chicken skin?
What are the benefits of eating gluten free carrot soup?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
What are the health benefits of Limoncello?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
How do I control hunger pangs caused by stress? What healthy (vegetarian) food habits would you suggest for people in sedentary jobs?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
How do you control what you eat?
What diet is good for the brain?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
What can I eat in between my meals?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
What is a good healthy recipe to bring to a party?
What are your weekend meal plans?
How can can I lose 30 pounds before mid-September?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
What are some good, easy snacks to make at night?
What is a healthy and sustainable way to lose weight, a Keto diet or eliminating cereal and sugar but having recommended portions of other food groups?
How do I make pizza healthy yet remain cheesy and tasty?
Should popcorn be reintroduced as a breakfast cereal?
What if I drink only a banana shake (.5 kg) daily as breakfast? Is that good or bad?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in Chennai?
Can a human body ever recover from the damages of an unhealthy eating lifestyle?
What is your favorite snack that you enjoy?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
How old do I have to be to purchase a food item with cash in Texas without a supervising adult?
How is a fasting lipid profile performed?
How much weight will I be able to lose by removing soda from my diet?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
Can I eat flavoured Quaker oatmeal for mono diets?
Is it healthy to consume a bread omelet before having dinner? If not, what is the ideal time to have it?
What are some recommendations for a good diet?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
What is the safest and healthiest cookware and bakeware?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
I do track and cross country, eat to my hunger cues, and eat a generally healthy and varried diet, why am I still so fat?
How can I be determined in my diet?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
Is alcohol classed as a food item in the US?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Can you lose weight by eating one meal a day?
Why do humans regurgitate some foods?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
What are the benefits of cooking with cinnamon?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
How do I overcome distorted thoughts about food?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
Is it safe to eat the same meals for a month?
When deciding product names, what factors should be considered? As such, what's a good name for any healthy snack?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What are the risks of eating lychee fruit during pregnancy?
What are the benefits of eating garlic bread and garlic salt once a week?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
Can you stretch your stomach (appetite increase) from one cheat meal?
Why should coconut palm sugar be used?
How can you describe the health benefits of eating flounder daily?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What are some of the risks of eating uncooked quinoa?
What are some easy and healthy breakfasts that a hostelite can make?
What foods give you comfort?
What are the nutritional benefits of eating salmon patties with crackers?
Do you have any good ideas about low-glycemic and anti-inflammatory meals?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
If your last meal was happening in 3 hours, what would you eat and why? Who would you want to eat with?
What happens if a diabetic stops eating sugar?
What are some examples of foods with caffeine?
Is cheese healthy when you’re trying to lose weight?
What are the dangers of eating zebra mussels?
When did Americans start eating salads?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
How can I stop eating a lot and lose fat?
Can I substitute artificial sweeteners for sugar?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
What would happen if fruits & vegetables spoke?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
How much is the fitness trainer course fees in Gold's Gym Bangalore?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
Is it possible to raise a healthy vegan dog?
What are some healthy deli meats?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
Should I eat less fruits and vegetables in order to have a snake-shaped stool instead of loose stools?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
What foods cause the most gas?
Can I eat bread that was in the same oven as melted plastic?
Which fibrous food should be taken in piles?
How do you chop nuts?
What is the best health food for a picky eater?
I am scared of healthy diet and drinking a lot of water in case we (human) run out of those things, how come?
How can you do evening snacks?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
How good is it to bench every day?
What can a diabetic patient eat daily?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
What are ways to eat sprats?
Why is chocolate milk good for you?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
Is it as unhealthy to drink any liquid right after consuming food as we are used to thinking?
What happens if sauerkraut is not completely submerged during fermentation?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What is the initial diet?
What is the healthiest type of noodles?
What are the risks of eating fast food during pregnancy?
Do I eat a meal before or after taking Adderall?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Why do parents give processed & packed food items to small kids when it is clearly mentioned that it contains many preservatives?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
What is the best healthy food that can improve the collagen in your skin naturally?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
How dangerous is it to eat food out of a microwave that had chemicals sprayed in it?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
What happens when we eat too much pizza in a single day?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
How can I make young coco juice?
What is modified palm oil that is in the cookie that I eat? Is it a hydrogenated oil? Is it a trans fat? Is it bad for the heart?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What can I do to start liking vegetables?
What can I add to 1 slice of white bread?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
Are Goya black beans healthy for us?
Why do people have allergies to certain foods?
What is a good way to get protein in a vegan diet?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
Is it harder or easier to create a food-item that normally costs a little more?
Is having tea just after lunch good for your health?
Is it okay to have green chili on an empty stomach?
Why are your opinions on food challenges with extravagant portions?
If a rat eats part of a loaf of bread, is it advisable to remove the affected part and eat the rest of the bread?
What is the best breakfast diet to lose belly fat?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
What is a food or snack that you liked from your childhood but has changed its recipe and is not as good now?
Is it good to eat the same dishes every day, even if they are well-balanced?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Are there cheap/fast healthy food options to eat at lunchtime? I have almost no time. I work in an office and I want to stop eating fast food.
How can you replace corn syrup with honey?
Is it really possible for a man of 28 to become fit and esthetic after being obese for 15+ years by following strict excercise and diet regiments?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
With the amount of toxins in fish, is eating fish healthy?
Why should a vitiligo patient avoid milk?
How do I increase protein content in milk through membrane technology?
How can I make good instant oatmeal?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
Aside from smoking, how are the French so thin if they eat so much bread and pastries?
What is the best way to prevent the 2-nonenal smell from developing as one ages? Is there a certain diet one should follow or a lifestyle to adhere to?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
What processed meats are bad for our health?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
Is there any possible way to control cancer? I mean not to cure it, but only controlling the level of cell multiplication.
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the risks of eating raw zucchini?
How do know if I am eating more than I need?
What is the healthiest cultural food?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What are all allowed to eat in Paleo diet?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What percent of calories are absorbed from eating raw quinoa (vs cooked quinoa)?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
What food do you like to eat the way it is not supposed to be eaten or should not be eaten? Why do you prefer it and does it pose a health risk?
Is frozen eggy curry healthy after one day?
Is it good to go for a health card?
If a person is diabetic and a cancer patient, what diet should he follow?
What causes phlegm after eating?
Are there any healthy noodles?
What should be eaten for dinner that will help with IBS?
Should we drink water immediately after meals?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
What should be done with the pieces of fruits and vegetables left after drinking the detox water?
What are the benefits of cod liver oil and malt?
Do you notice any difference after eating probiotics?
What are the dumplings' name that you can eat for breakfast in Taiwan street?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
I only want to eat one thing all the time, and so I barely eat. What causes this?
Who are the best people to follow for a healthy vegan diet to shed fat?
Which are the almost necessary vegetables, fruits and diary products for survival-for a healthy man?
Is there such a thing as healthy fruit juice?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
Why are fresh, good quality fruits and vegetables not available in Ahmedabad and most parts of India nowadays?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
What is the best food for runners to eat?
How much apple cider juice is too much, and is it bad for you?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Which foods can greatly improve your skin if they’re eaten regularly?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
What is better for the health, a fruit or its juice?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Is eating rice as a main meal rather than a side dish the reason why Asians are smaller sized than Westerners?
How did you implement drastic changes in your eating habits as a result of bad health or a medical diagnosis requiring you to do so?
How long would it take to die if I stopped eating and simply drank water?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can I make other vegetables ferment just like cabbage sauerkraut?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Are cans with easy-open ring tabs worse for your health than the cans that must be opened with a can opener?
How good is the juice business?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
Why does dieting fail?
What ingredient is in normal brown bread that makes us put on weight?
What are people's reactions to you when you say you drink Soylent?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
How does food drop work in London?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
What can I do about overeating temptations after eating a meal, even a big meal? The temptations are a lot stronger then, than before eating.
What are the benefits of eating stink bugs?
What would be a perfect finger food item at a winter business lunch?
What foods should I eat in the morning before going to the gym if I want to lose fat?
What should a person eat before an appendectomy?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Is fried dough, or 油条, considered healthy in China?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
Is eating animals and plants moral, considering that both are likely sentient and experience emotion and pain?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
What is a healthy breakfast before an exam?
If you eat unhealthy for 3 years and you lose 3 inches, can you grow three inches by eating healthy and stretching?
Could humans survive primarily on a diet of mushrooms?
Can we drink grape juice daily?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
What food is good for a badminton player?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
What are the benefits of eating all the grass that you want?
Why am I not eating well lately?
What are some healthy low sugar meal ideas for breakfast, lunch & dinner?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
What are some healthy pre made lunch options to take to work?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
Can you eat boiled eggs while you are sick with a fever?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas that are easy on a sensitive stomach?
Is it advisable to eat fruits along with dry fruits?
I'm 14 years old. How can I start having a healthy diet?
Should one eat Kurkure or not?
What are the nutritional benefits of salmon caviar?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Is salt unhealthy?
Should I start eating breakfast and dinner again as a teen to lose fat and be healthy?
What does it mean when you're hungry, but you really don't feel like eating?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
How many people like to eat snacks?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What are the benefits of eating fresh mozzarella while pregnant?
Prebiotics are non-digestible food ingredient like fibers, but a flour that has other ingredients beside its fiber, can be used as prebiotic too?
If we eat like beasts and exercise for 1 hour without stopping, what will happen?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
What are the health risks of eating raw meat and eggs?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Is eating healthy worth it?
Is most seafood from the Pacific contaminated by radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Is Pepsi really very bad for my health if I consume only 300ml of it daily?
What is the best bread for low-carb diet?
Is bone broth nutritious and healthy? What are some unique uses for bone broth?
What is the reaction between lemon and milk?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
What grass can we eat to be healthy?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
If you love to try a new food, do you ever read reviews or simply just walk into a restaurant?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What are some healthy and tasty dishes I can give my 2 year baby to eat?
What are the main and most important health benefits of Bay leaves?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
What is the 'healthiest' body fat percentage?
What are the risks of eating garlic bread with garlic salt on a daily basis?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
Is it bad to eat chocolate everyday?
What are the benefits of eating dragon fruit?
Which time is good for eating a banana?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Do you think people should eat more fruits and vegetables?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
What is the best time period for eating?
Is it true that animal protein decreases the antioxidant power of green tea and that you should drink tea 2 hours before/after eating animal protein?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
Can you survive only eating?
What are the risks of eating pork with worms in it?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Should we be concerned when eating cereals and foods that contain tripotassium phosphate?
Do we live to eat or eat to live?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
How should my partner and I split food expenses given the fact that I eat more than her?
What are the benefits of eating 1 slice of white bread a day?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
Is organic food better for you? Should everyone move to eating organic foods?
What is safe for me to eat after a frenectomy?
Is it okay to get staphylococcus in a canned ready-to-eat food product?
Why does eating lots of fruits and vegetables make my stools big and really hard, when it should be the opposite?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
When fruits and vegetables are treated with lemon juice they don't undergo the browning effect. Why?
How can I lose 100 pounds fast?
Why do people carry bread or baguette without covers or packing?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What are the benefits of eating broccoli and cheese?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
What should I eat to get more stamina?
Can sugar patients eat dates?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
Why is dhana dal consumed after food in India?
What is it that you cannot eat for breakfast?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
What are the highly demanding agricultural produce (vegetables and fruits) in the modern society?
What are the nutritional benefits of Wheat Thins honey mustard?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
How was it possible for large herbivore dinosaurs to consume enough food to sustain their size?
Sometimes I tell myself that “starting tomorrow, I need to start my planned diet”, but I fail because I can't stop giving in to my appetite. What should I do?
What are all the ways you can eat chikoo?
What is the best food to eat in the summer for one’s health?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
What are the three easiest healthy vegan meals I can prepare at home?
What food we should eat to live long life?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
Is the Everlasting Gobstopper made with natural or high fructose corn syrup?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What could be the diet chart for an 18-year-old boy if he wants to lose weight?
Why do people refuse to eat apples after dinner?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
I have a breakfast interview, which coffee should I order and should I eat something?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
What are the health benefits of macadamia oil?
Are 5 to 6 almonds daily good for your health?
What are some of the most nutritious yet cheap meals to cook?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
Is grape juice good for health and what is the time we should drink any fruit juice eg. after meals or in the morning or in afternoon?
What are some simple green leafy vegetable salad recipes for everyday consumption?
Is there any harm in passing through an X-ray gate once a day, six days per week, if I am inside a car? Will there be any harmful consequences?
How much ghee should I eat daily if I am skinny or fat?
How can I stop eating a lot to lose fat as a teen?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
Is there a way to lose an inch of fat in less than a week? I am going on holiday in six days and I want to lose thigh and belly fat.
Is it rude to pray before a meal in a restaurant?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What rice brand is good for diabetes?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
Why do people get weaker with age despite following the same fitness routine and diet regimen?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
What is breakfast? What else can we eat?
What food items will be provided in Shatabdi?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
Why should we eat healthy food?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
How can I be healthier when I work so much?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Which have more fats: chapati or boiled rice?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
Where can I eat a good "impepata di cozze" in Bagnoli (Naples)?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Does turmeric reduce inflammation even if your diet is unhealthy?
What are some examples of foods that help with concentration?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
What are the benefits of eating chorizo (sausage) while being pregnant?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
What is the diet plan for bodybuilding with Indian vegetarian food?
Is eating raw tortillas bad for you?
Is it bad to inhale too much rosemary oil directly?
What are the benefits of eating salad everyday?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
What is food preservation?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What will happen if I start eating 10 spoons of ghee every day?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why do I keep gaining weight if I exercise everyday and eat healthy most of the time?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Which cooking oil is best to live the healthiest life?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
Why are red potatoes considered healthy?
What is your child's first choice of food?
What is the healthiest recipe you have ever prepared?
My family is not tolerant about a vegetarian diet. What can I do?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What is the method to eat oats?
Can I reduce my weight by skipping my dinner instead of eating fruits?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
Why is gyro meat considered healthy?
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What is the benefit of taking food vouchers and food cards as part of salary?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
How do I eat garlic bread?
What are the dangers of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Would you consider 2 cups of milk coffee instead of 1 cup of black coffee? Is it too acidic or healthy?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
How can I lose 10lbs in 3 months?
Why can't US school cafeterias serve healthy food like in Japan?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
If eating animal products is bad, then why don't I get fat eating this?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
Does heating spices like turmeric or rosemary neutralize their health benefits like heating does to garlic for example?
Why don't I get full when I’m eating breakfast? I'm not even that hungry. It's more of an empty feeling.
What is an example of a normal, healthy dinner?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
If it’s 1 am and I want to eat badly, where should I go to have some tasty food?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
Is it true that most beans and grains contain a toxin that is harmful to our health, as advocated by one Dr. Gundy?
Do Muslims eat vegetables?
I drink Amazing Grass Green Super Food everyday, do I still need to eat salad?
What do the majority of scientific studies conclude about when and how much we should we eat?
Is the raw superfood bar market growing?
What can I eat before I masturbate?
Is drinking 1 beer per day during dinner an unhealthy habit?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Could there be health effects from being too muscular?
What are the benefits of eating a chunk of cheese daily?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
What are the 6 different food groups?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
Why is daily sweating important for health?
Who can eat biltong?
What should we do to make our school children healthier?
What is something that I can have with me that whenever I feel like eating something I can eat it, which will give me at least some sort of energy?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
Can humans metabolize vegetables?
How much feces does a human produce daily, and how much would twice that amount be?
Do men watch their food diets?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
If someone eats a meal with ants, what would happen to the human body?
How important is it that people know which country the food they eat comes from?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
What are the DASH diet macros?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
How much protein should I eat per day for each of the following: fat loss, muscle gain and no-workout times?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Do any people on Quora follow a low FODMAP diet on a permanent basis?
What do I do if I miss a meal?
What are the risks of eating dandelions?
Should you eat only when your stomach rumbles to maintain weight?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What happens to a person that loses their will to eat?
What is the difference between steel cut oats and regular oatmeal?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
Are cookies healthy?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Why aren’t patients allowed to eat or drink immediately after surgery?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
What are some healthy vegetarian food to make in India that men can make easily?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
Can I eat space salt?
What are some of the strangest food combinations?
Should you eat before bed?
What are healthy foods for kidney disease?
What changes should take place in terms of Uzbek eating habits?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
Is it healthy to drink banana milk shake every day?
What are some tasty foods you can make in survival conditions?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
Why am I skinny even though I eat food?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
What is more unhealthy - potato chips or store-bought sweets?
If GM foods become mainstay, which companies will benefit?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Is there a way to lose belly fat without eating healthy and exercising?
Will the probability of you getting cancer decrease if you eat organic foods?
Can we eat bananas or any other fruits on an empty stomach?
What happens if you eat after 7 PM?
Is fruit cultivated for sweetness?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
Why do the majority of people have chapati/rice with their daily meal?
Is it safe to eat crab legs while being pregnant?
Does eating a certain diet help you be spiritually more pure?
How unhealthy are burgers?
Why is baked chicken considered healthy?
How fast do results from eating right and working out start to show?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
Is diebetic chocolate good or bad for the pre-diabetic stage?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
How much kale do you eat per day?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
Is it possible to live your whole life drinking only your favorite 100% natural freshly made juice?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What are the advantages of papain?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
Why is white bread and rice so popular globally compared to their whole grain counterparts?
Can a BP patient eat mint?
Is it permissible to eat hotel breakfast buffet a number of times in a single day?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
What's the most physically heavy food per bite before you eat it?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
Do ants suffer from diabetes as their 90% of food intake is sweet?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
What will compel you to adopt organic foods in your day-to-day food purchase?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
What's the difference between cold pressing and slow juicing?
How do I stop eating at/start eating way less and lose fat as a teenager?
Do mice & roaches eat produce that is left out, especially those without thick skins, like apples, sweet potatoes, kiwis, etc.? If so, how do I prevent this?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
Does eating banana help in your voice-overs?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
Is it bad to eat mud?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
What food is the most unhealthy?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
Why are American breakfasts so full of sugar?
How can a cafe (UK) receive a food hygiene rating of 5 when they slide food items across the counter, touch food with hands, and leave food out all day?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
Why are diabetic patient advised to take their own urine?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
Which is healthier: vegan or paleo?
How can I stay hydrated with food?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
What is the best way to eat raw avocado?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
Is beer good for your health?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
How healthy is Ethiopian food?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
Is raw garlic a natural antibiotic?
What protein drink is best for men during and after a workout? Is it okay to drink one both during and after? I weigh 63.3kg.
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
What are some of the healthiest foods at Panera?
Is it safe to eat raw Nutrela Soya Chunks?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Why are Welch's Fruit Snacks considered healthy?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
What foods must I avoid to lower blood pressure?
What are extinct fruits and vegetables?
Which can I eat to improve my capacity to think more than genius?
How do you eat a pineapple the right way?
What are the unique eating habits of thin people?
Is gluten-free wheat OK for someone with glucose malabsorption?
How do you fuel for a run on a low-carb diet?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What are some small green vegetables?
Can we keep fruits and raw vegetables together​?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
Are there any negative health implications if you consume an expired food item?
What diet is there that a breastfeeding mama can follow?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
Is eating oatmeal every day healthy if you are strength training?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
What vegeterian diet should a normal Indian human follow?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
Does dieting really affect your body?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
Can you eat garlic skin?
I will start my vegan diet. Lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, avocado with honey mustard dressing. Can I lose weight when I eat this everyday?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
Can I buy ingredients for homemade bone broth from a regular supermarket without a butcher section?
Can I eat masala dosa while on diet?
Can a person expect to live a healthy and long life by eating only vegetables and fruits for the whole of his life?
What is an online health food store that is organic, or close to it?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
Why does a baby’s poop vary in color, consistency, and smell even though they eat the same thing for every meal?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
Will eating more fat and protein correct sunken eye hollows from cocaine?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
What is the healthiest breakfast you can eat?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
What are the disadvantages of garlic?
Is eating goat blood good?
Is drinking buttermilk (chaas) daily good/bad for one’s health?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
What are some of the negative effects of over eating?
Some people get gassy after eating beans, others don't. What is the difference in how the beans are processed by their stomachs?
What special diet should Irish dancers have?
Just how healthy are protein bars?
What is the best healthy eating app?
What is the no bread diet?
My oats have about 66 grams of carbohydrates per 100 grams, is it healthy for fat loss?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
What hacks can help remind me to pray every time before taking a meal?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
What is the best diet chart for a kidney patient with creatinine level 10 and high cholesterol?
How is meal prep useful? Don't the meals go bad during the week?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
How does your palate change over time?
What if I eat fast food once per week? Am I still okay?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What should a long jumper eat?
What are some healthy snack ideas that I can keep in my car?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How could I cut down the flab from my torso, without making any changes in my average Indian diet?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
What should the vegetarian diet be for muscle growth?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
Does Abilify make you fat?
What would chefs out there think of my tuna pasta recipe? Can I have some comments, suggestions, or tips?
Is it bad to drink nothing but water?
What is the role of food in spirituality? Can certain spiritual vibration states be attained solely through a perfect Sattvic diet with"high vibe"foods?
What are the advantages of the Activia diet?
What are the things one shouldn't do while eating?
How do we overcome eating junk food?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Can I get only boiled diet?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
Why am I addicted to eating sugar?
Are broilers healthy?
What is the menu for Jet Airways’ complimentary meals?
What are some good substitutes for rolled oats?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
Can organic food be an ideal food chart for kids?
Why doesn’t the human body digest levorotatory sugar?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
Is it necessary to follow the low carb high fat diet during intermittent fasting or can I eat whatever I want?
Can eggs remain fresh out in the open? If so, for how many days?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
How is dry powdered peanut butter made and is it completely safe to eat?
Is Biona peanut butter healthy?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What should men eat so that their body produces semen faster?
Is dining out bad for the health?
I weight 103kg but I eat healthy, I'm a triathlete and I've been told that I'm healthy. Should I be worried?
Is Canada’s food resource production healthier than the U.S.? I.e Pesticide overuse, CAFO’s, GMO’s, etc.?
Is it good to have raw vegetables during night time?
Is Teem healthy for us?
What are the health concerns (both good and bad) for Korean food, especially regarding the high sugar and heavy drinking?
Can eating clean salad after 10pm increase your sugar levels?
How many of you still like to taste baby food? Is it healthy for an adult to consume food specially made for kids?
What kind of snacks do you love the most?
How do I improve my eating habits?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
While the world is searching for non-GMO food, who is funding research on GMO food?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
What gastronomies used flaxseeds before health industry populated it?
Why should we eat green beans?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What is something that you have become allergic to as you have grown up? I cannot have eggs on an empty stomach (breakfast), but I could as a child.
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
Which yogurt is the healthiest?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
Is there any health value if I grind white or red beans to a powder state? And how do I intake it?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
What are the benefits of eating fast food during pregnancy?
What are the best smoothies for diabetics?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
Is there any “proof” that vegans are healthier?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
What are some examples of low carb picnic recipes?
What are the most common dangers of eating smoked meat frequently?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
What are the options for healthy vegetarian ready made breakfast for students?
Is chicken beneficial for health?
Why are food items rated in terms of kilocalories?
Is it good for diabetic persons to eat rice made items in a day?
Does eating dry fruits help in weightloss?
How is cold pressed juice better than normal juice?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is sauerkraut considered healthy in Chinese Medicine?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What's a proven place selling ecological, healthy fruit, veggies and other foods in Krakow?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Why is peanut oil considered bad?
How often can I eat fast food while trying to gain healthy weight?
Keeping in view the nature of a desk job which results in tummy protuberance, what is an ideal dinner diet for a normal IT professional?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
What are some ways to lose 50 pounds in two weeks?
Would you eat palolo if it was ever offered to you?
What's a 1,200 high protein low carb diet?
Does blending fruits and vegetables in to a smoothie take away the benefits of the fiber?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
Why should we not eat cucumbber at night?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What foods ferment in your stomach?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Is a head bath good if done daily?
Is it likely that there are micronutrients we haven't discovered yet?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
How healthy are Americans?
What are the natural foods to stay fresh and energetic during summers?
What are English peas good for?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
How can one lose belly and butt fat?
What should I eat to properly fuel myself for 4 track events?
What is the eating schedule in the West?
Can we eat eggs with lassi?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
Why does my stomach stick out after I eat?
Is it safe to eat salmon bought from UK supermarkets despite the recent threat of Lepeophtheirus salmonis?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
How are meal replacement products helpful for diabetic patients?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
My thighs are pretty big, how can I make them thinner and healthier?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
How much weight can I lose drinking only coffee?
Can someone make a keto diet for me? I am a vegetarian and don't eat too many vegetables like spinach or cauliflower. I can eat eggs though.
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
What is the perfect diet for weight loss for veggies?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
How do I keep my health good?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Can I survive while eating nothing but bread and canned tuna?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
What will happen to my body if I always eat two uncooked eggs?
What are good exercises and diet for hand and finger strength?
Can you suggest me some low carb foods?
Should we drink juice/eat fruits before food or after food/breakfast/dinner?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
Which gives the best results for weight loss, a low-carb diet and weights or running and a low-carb diet?
Can anyone see anything wrong with eating 600g of tomatoes in a day on the odd occasion?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
Is it okay to make yourself throw up after eating junk food and big meals?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
Which works better, gym or diet?
How much should a 12-year-old exercise daily? What should they eat to stay healthy if they weigh 105 lbs?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
How do the popularities of vegan, gluten-free, and Paleo diets compare?
What are some healthy breakfast ideas?
Are there any Muslims in India who eat or have eaten camel meat? If yes how did it taste like?
What is the original recipe to make oatmeal?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
Why is seafood salad healthy?
What problems usually happen with vegans after 1-4 years of practising such diet?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain type of food? Read the description too.
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
What is the best diet for housewives?
Which food should men avoid?
Is the processed food found in correctional facilities healthy?
Does raw cacao have any real benefits? Some people call it a "superfood", but I haven't found any evidence to support that.
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
What is a 3-week diet plan?
What should a person eat after an appendectomy?
What food items are good for a thyroid patient?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Is it healthy to eat donuts for breakfast?
Which fruits and vegetables do I eat to become really strong physically as well as mentally?
How can I differentiate good from lesser quality brown bread?
How can I measure the calories burned eating celery?
I have been following some of the workouts suggested by you and lost close to 20lbs. How do I change my workout now to build a six pack?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Is it good to eat bananas on an empty stomach?
Which basic spice is bad for your health?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What are the best home-cooked recipe channels on YouTube and Facebook for international grad students in the US?
How much Spirulina should I put in my morning smoothie?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
Is eating raw soya chunks safe or harmful?
Why can't some people stand eating chili?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
What are the food combinations to avoid?
What's healthy at Red Rooster?
How are Andrea’s meals unique from other meals?
How can I use linseed in my meals?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Am I eating too many carbs?
What is the biochemical process that makes eating fat bad for your heart and increasing cholesterol?
Why do some dried figs taste strange?
How come date fruit stays good for longer?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
When do people really deserve to be called "fit" or "healthy"?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
Is V8 "green" juice just as good as eating vegetables?
Is it easier for a teenager (14) to lose weight on a low carb diet?
Do Californians eat healthier than the rest of the U.S.?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are the health benefits of cooking with fish oil?
What are the benefits of eating javelina boar?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
Are expectations healthy?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
I prefer to eat by myself during lunch. What does that say about me?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
When is the best time to eat vegetables?
Where can I find good healthy recipes for snacking?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
What is the best diet and exercise program for a 300lb man like myself?
What are the disadvantages of eating peach seeds?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
How does chow mein affect our health?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What used to be at the location where Whole Foods will be at 125 St and Lenox?
Do you prefer cooking healthy at home or eating dinner out?
Where is a good place to get a summer job if I love making health food?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
Is basmathi rice healthier than normal ponni rice?
Is eating apples not good for one with diabetes? Most fruits are sweet in taste, so which fruits are highly recommended for type-2 diabetes?
What's the healthy eating for fatty liver?
What is a good oatmeal recipe for someone that doesn't like oatmeal?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in India?
Are green smoothies healthy?
What are the health benefits of drinking a glass of water right after you wake up?
What are some great healthy meals a beginner cook can make at home?
Is everything we eat organic material?
Do you bargain with small street vendors and fruit & vegetable sellers?
Are there any advantages or disadvantages to eating raw cannabis?
What liquid goes best with rolled oats?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
How can I overcome the craving to eat fast food all the time?
Is it possible for canned foods to have no preservatives?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
What are some tasty vegetarian dishes that can be made without frying or even without using an air fryer?
I run 2 km everyday, what should be my diet plan so that I could be able to reduce my side fats?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
If we eat Maggi noodles while we have diarrhea, will it affect us or not?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What happens if I use a blender to substitute for chewing food at every meal?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
Is food security in the US really better when the food is so processed and bad for you?
Should food banks be required to give people healthy choices, instead of white bread and spaghetti?
What should I do to lose belly fat? I’ve tried everything, drinking water and detox, doing exercise, eating healthy food, yet have seen no results.
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
How does eating infrequent meals affect weight?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
How would you respond to the statement, "I eat cows, but I don't eat octopus because the second one is more rational"?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
How do I fill my big stomach with zero calories or low calories?
Which foods have gotten worse in your lifetime?
Singapore's food is pretty expensive. Are there any food places that sell food for a student's pocket?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
How can someone eat the same breakfast (with small variations) every single morning?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
Why did you stop your diet?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
How Hindus justify health benefits in drinking cow pee?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
Is "detox diet" a real or made up concept?
Are there any quick, healthy meals to make that you would recommend for a university student?
How do world hotdog eating contestants manage to eat so many hotdogs?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
Is rasayna churna is good for health? What are the benefits of rasayna churna? Is it good for daily use?
Who are the healthiest athletes?
How can I diet and lose weight when I have school and and my mom makes meals that aren't healthy?
Is there a substitute for papaya in the GM Diet?
What are some healthy late night snacks before sleeping?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
Are Kellogg's Bran Flakes healthy?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
What are some healthy recipes for people with ulcers?
What are some North-Indian foods that are both healthy and tasty at the same time?
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
How can I tell when my leftovers are no longer safe to eat?
Is it true that glycemic index of oats changes with the processing method? What is the GI of steel cut, cold roller press and finely ground oats?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
What are legumes and nuts, and what are some examples?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
Does Yaz make you fat?
What was your experience working at McDonalds? Would you still eat there after knowing how the food was prepared by the employees?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
How can I market for a healthy and natural juice store?
What are the health benefits of eating deep fried hash browns every day?
What are some easy, healthy meals to make as a student?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
What are the consequences of eating uncured salami?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What are the positive and negative effects of using the toilet just after eating a meal?
I’m starting to eat healthy at 25. Can I undo all the harm I’ve already done with my body?
How can I stop eating junk food as a teenager?
What is a good diet for losing hip fat?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
What can you tell me about blood type diets?
What are some suggestions for healthy and easy summer drinks using a small number of ingredients?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
How do I order chalk to eat at a lower cost?
What percentage of the adult population needs to be told what to do on a daily basis, beyond eating, sleeping, pooping and sex?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
Why do I get sleepy even after a low-carb lunch?
Is it OK to eat 4 meals instead of 3 meals according to Chinese medicine?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
How effective is the sashimi diet to lose weight?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
What are disadvantages of good health?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What are the advantages of eating boiled burgers?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
What food should you avoid to eating when your blood pressure is high?
Is there a tendency for women to let themselves go after 20 (stop exercising and eating proportionally)?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
How do I get people to answer health related survey with HIPAA compliance?
What is a good real organic health food store online for many different foods?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
Why is white bread so popular in America when there are so many tastier options?
Why is dill pickle juice considered good for you?
Why don't we want to eat when we're depressed?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
How can a human body stay warm for several days without eating, hence, without energy income?
Being a vegetarian, what certain foods should I be eating everyday to maintain a healthy body and mind?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
How do I make boiled vegetables?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
What's the healthiest fast food restaurant in the market?
What foods have the highest satiety to calorie ratio?
Why is cholesterol important?
What are the foods eaten to increase sperm quantity?
What would be the best diet for a 1-year-old French bulldog?
Did construction workers really eat lunch sitting on high steel beams?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
Is filet mignon healthy?
What meal would you request if it’s your last day to live?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
How does Fish-n-Chips differ from Filet-o-Fish meal?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Are food preservatives good or bad?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Can I lose weight in 10 days? If yes, how?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
How did your eating habits change when you moved out/alone?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
How healthy is corn tortilla?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain types of food?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
Is it good to drink green tea right after dinner?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
What's your easiest, healthiest meal to quickly feed a family of four?
Do you have a cost effective, healthy shake/smoothie recipe I could make & drink everyday?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
What is the preferred food for every part of the human body?
What are some healthy oatmeal brands?
Where do you go shopping for food for your family?
Why is spam food considered not healthy?
What are the dangers of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What is thedifference between molasses and jaggery?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia while being pregnant?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
What is a proper diet of a diabetic patient?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
I eat an incredible amount but I still remain skinny. How can I gain weight?
Does it matter how bad I eat if I can flush it all out with water?
Why do we soak dates in water before eating them?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
What will happen to your appearance when you stop eating candy?
What is the most healthy oil for deep frying food?
Why do people say Chinese street food is not good for the health, as it is made with Ajinomoto in it? Does it harm you if it is made with Ajinomoto?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
Do you know why we should not eat raw bread?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
I'm a vegetarian who started going to gym. How do I increase my body mass and what should my diet be?
Should the US just ban fast food and invest on promoting organic foods in order to crush obesity and create healthier citizens?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Can a person survive on just fruits and vegetables?
How can you describe the benefits of eating raw zucchini?
Is it good to eat an apple every day in the Indian climate?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
Which foods are bad for asthmatics?
What are the pros and cons of eating raw peas?
What are the risks of the sashimi diet?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
Are there health benefits to our bodies producing phlegm?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
What are the pros and cons of eating mangoes?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
How can I stop eating a lot and get skinny as a teenager?
What is oatmeal made of?
Which food is bad for pregnant women?
What is the healthiest non-veg. food in India?
What should I do to get fit as a teenager and get skinny, strong and healthy?
How can I have a healthier and good looking skin?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
Why are some eggs tastier than others?
What bread is suitable to eat after having liposuction?
Is soya sauce anti-inflammatory or healthy in any other way?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
What are the disadvantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
Is eating several kilograms of fruit daily harmful for your health?
What is the diet followed by top CEOs (especially Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai etc.) in USA?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
I go to gym every day and I follow good diet, but I can't get rid of my tummy fat. It is really so big and it really bothers me. What should I do?
Is Quaker oatmeal laced with pesticide?
What is the best way to lose my lower-fat belly? What kind of diet I should do?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
Is avocado toast healthy?
What are fool-proof ways to preserve cut fruits & vegetables from rotting quickly after eating only a portion of say avocados, melons, mangoes, etc?
What diet is the best to get clean, fairer skin and to reduce a big stomach?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
What are the risks of eating culantro leaves?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
Is a cup of tea good for our health?
I juice fresh veggies (with a tad of fruit) each evening to avoid snacking. What health benefits can I expect internally and externally?
Why does my brother eat all the time but never get fat?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
What's best? Washing your fruit with soap and water or just plain water?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
Is it really unhealthy to drink water after having a meal?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Can a diabetic patient eat Revital?
Are there any foods that you prefer to eat after the expiration date?
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
What are the benefits of eating peach seeds?
What are the risks of eating bad bacon?
Which food is good for health during summer?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
When is the best time to eat dessert, and how do I make it healthier (to keep from spiking blood sugar)?
Which fresh fruit & vegetable juices or smoothies can you recommend I buy in store (UK) and which offers the most benefit?
What are some easy on the go ways to remember not to overeat? I always eat more than healthy in the moment.
Is drinking tea or lassi in an earthen pot (kulhad) healthy?
Is peanut good for diet?
If me and my successors start eating grass from now, will our appendix redevelop?
What do I eat to improve my skin elasticity?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
What is the best Organic vegan meal replacement?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Is mac and cheese healthy?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
How much fruits should one eat?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Can milk be used as post workout drink?
What do Chinese people consider to be healthy breakfast foods, and why?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
Is it true that if you use your brain at its maximum you won't get fat no matter how much you eat?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Can fruits be eaten at night before bed?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
Why are we able to concentrate more when we eat light food, as compared to heavy food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
What does a workout diet look like?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Is it okay to eat pork everyday?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Are there any university quick meals to make that you can recommend?
What can I eat to lower blood sugar?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
Does eating Dhokala in dinner everyday create any health issue?
What does it mean to have a low K/Na ratio and how does that affect the body? How can one increase that ratio?
Why are lychees considered good for you?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
What was the nastiest food you've had to eat?
What happens if I drink raw vegetable juice or fruit juice everyday instead of eating other food?
Does vanilla contain gluten?
Are people looking for home cooked food in Bangalore?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
What should I eat if I am going out to eat, so as to not to increase belly fat?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
Has the issue of vegetarianism versus non vegetarianism divided the society based on taste and preferences?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
How can I reduce the formation of carcinogens when steaming fish? I currently use a garlic turmeric paste that I glue to the fish before coating it in rosemary.
Which is the most polarizing food?
If you are coeliac and you accidentally eat gluten, should you eat nothing after that, or a lot of non-gluten food?
What are some useful Indian cooking tips?
Is it unethical for charities to accept junk food donations?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is microwave-heated food good for the health?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
If a vegan diet is an all around better diet (for consumer and environment), why isn't it (information and food) made more accessible?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
Does brinjal contain fat?
What is the truth about eggs? I have high cholesterol and quit eating eggs years ago. Now I hear that eggs are good for everyone. Is it so?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is cheese a dairy product?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
Can eating bhang daily cause impotence?
What happens if we have a habit of eating raw rice?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
What should I eat or drink to avoid cramps?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
Does brown rice cause gas?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
What does it mean when you're hungry, but you really don't feel like eating?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
How do you make healthy ginger dressing?
What's your favorite way of eating fruit?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What happens if I use a blender to substitute for chewing food at every meal?
How can I eat more protein?
Is chicken bad for your health?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
Prebiotics are non-digestible food ingredient like fibers, but a flour that has other ingredients beside its fiber, can be used as prebiotic too?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
Is the dark meat near the skin in salmon safe to eat?
What are the health risks of eating raw meat and eggs?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
How does eating infrequent meals affect weight?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
Is it safe to eat raw Nutrela Soya Chunks?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
Why are Welch's Fruit Snacks considered healthy?
How do I fill my big stomach with zero calories or low calories?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
Which foods have gotten worse in your lifetime?
Which can I eat to improve my capacity to think more than genius?
How can someone eat the same breakfast (with small variations) every single morning?
What should I eat for breakfast? I'm very fussy about food and therefore deficient in nutrients.
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
What is the best bread for low-carb diet?
Is bone broth nutritious and healthy? What are some unique uses for bone broth?
What is the reaction between lemon and milk?
Are Malaysian food and dessert addicts crazy enough to drive a long distance just to try out the foods?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
What’s the diet chart for my 4 year old son?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
How do you eat a pineapple the right way?
How is bad spelling related to bad pronunciation?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
How do I stop over eating and develop healthy eating habits?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
What are the unique eating habits of thin people?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Which is a healthier option for a light snack after almost 6 hours of fasting, an apple or a handful of salted peanuts?
What happens if I eat clean at maintenance?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
Why is Apple juice considered bad for you?
What are some small green vegetables?
How Hindus justify health benefits in drinking cow pee?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
Are there any negative health implications if you consume an expired food item?
What meal should I eat when I have chicken pox?
How much aspartame can one consume?
How is epigamia?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
Why does my stomach hurt so much after eating leafy green vegetables?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
How do I stop being hungry aside from eating?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
What diet is there that a breastfeeding mama can follow?
Which food is good for health in children?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
Is "detox diet" a real or made up concept?
I'm trying to lose weight. Would this be a good diet plan to lose weight?
What are the risks of eating garlic bread with garlic salt on a daily basis?
What is a healthy easy alternative for pizza pockets for breakfast?
What vegeterian diet should a normal Indian human follow?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the benefits of eating dragon fruit?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Is rasayna churna is good for health? What are the benefits of rasayna churna? Is it good for daily use?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
What is the most favourite food in your country?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
Can we have only vegetables instead of breakfast? Which are the best Indian vegetables?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Do I have gynecomastia or is it just chest fat? I'm 18 years old, 6′1″, and 81kg.
What is the best diet chart for losing weight?
How can I diet and lose weight when I have school and and my mom makes meals that aren't healthy?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
Is flaxseed expensive?
Why do people follow a fish and vegetables diet?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
What are the eating habits of the people of Quora?
Are human eggs edible?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
Do you think people should eat more fruits and vegetables?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Are Kellogg's Bran Flakes healthy?
Which one is the healthiest, pizza or a burger?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
I will start my vegan diet. Lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, avocado with honey mustard dressing. Can I lose weight when I eat this everyday?
What are the top organic food distributors in the USA and EU?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
What are some healthy recipes for people with ulcers?
Is it healthy to drink amla with lemon juice?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
Can you survive only eating?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Where can we buy soya beans?
How do I let people know about a food event?
What is an online health food store that is organic, or close to it?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
How can I tell when my leftovers are no longer safe to eat?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
Do we live to eat or eat to live?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
Is chicken considered "tuna of the land"?
If I love sweet and oily food, am I destined to be fat?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
When is good time for taking medicine for diabetes, i.e., before or after a meal, and how much time before or after a meal?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What are the benefits of camote leaves?
How beneficial are drumstick seeds for our health?
Is it unhealthy eating chicken skin?
What is safe for me to eat after a frenectomy?
Is organic food better for you? Should everyone move to eating organic foods?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
Why does eating lots of fruits and vegetables make my stools big and really hard, when it should be the opposite?
What are the disadvantages of following a fish and vegetables diet?
What are the benefits of eating gluten free carrot soup?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
How can I lose 100 pounds fast?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
Why do people carry bread or baguette without covers or packing?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
How do you control what you eat?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
What are legumes and nuts, and what are some examples?
What are the disadvantages of garlic?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Is drinking buttermilk (chaas) daily good/bad for one’s health?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Could very spicy food be dangerous?
What is it like to be a food responder (which means that you retrieve food from farmers and give it to food banks/other nonprofit)?
What's healthier for losing weight, whole grain bread or whole wheat bread?
What are some of the negative effects of over eating?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
What is the no bread diet?
What was your experience working at McDonalds? Would you still eat there after knowing how the food was prepared by the employees?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
What are the nutritional benefits of Wheat Thins honey mustard?
How was it possible for large herbivore dinosaurs to consume enough food to sustain their size?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
How can I market for a healthy and natural juice store?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
What is the best food to eat in the summer for one’s health?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
What's healthier for losing weight, cashews or peanuts?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
What if I eat fast food once per week? Am I still okay?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
What are the most foods famous available in PURI?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
What are the three easiest healthy vegan meals I can prepare at home?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What is a healthy and sustainable way to lose weight, a Keto diet or eliminating cereal and sugar but having recommended portions of other food groups?
What are some healthy snack ideas that I can keep in my car?
What are some good, easy snacks to make at night?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Why does my child eat dirt?
What other healthy thing can replace cheese in a pizza?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
What if I drink only a banana shake (.5 kg) daily as breakfast? Is that good or bad?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in Chennai?
Why do people refuse to eat apples after dinner?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Does eating healthier help you lose weight or actual fat?
Where is Tampico juice made?
How could I cut down the flab from my torso, without making any changes in my average Indian diet?
What is your favorite snack that you enjoy?
What are some examples of foods that contain caffeine?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
How old do I have to be to purchase a food item with cash in Texas without a supervising adult?
Are 5 to 6 almonds daily good for your health?
What should the vegetarian diet be for muscle growth?
How is a fasting lipid profile performed?
How much weight will I be able to lose by removing soda from my diet?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
Can I eat flavoured Quaker oatmeal for mono diets?
Is it healthy to consume a bread omelet before having dinner? If not, what is the ideal time to have it?
What is a good diet for losing hip fat?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
What's a good way to increase willpower against a bad diet?
Is grape juice good for health and what is the time we should drink any fruit juice eg. after meals or in the morning or in afternoon?
What are the things one shouldn't do while eating?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
What can you tell me about blood type diets?
How much ghee should I eat daily if I am skinny or fat?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Can I get only boiled diet?
Is there a proper term for a meat and cheese tray?
Is it rude to pray before a meal in a restaurant?
What is the safest and healthiest cookware and bakeware?
What are some suggestions for healthy and easy summer drinks using a small number of ingredients?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
Why is organic sugar considered better?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
What rice brand is good for diabetes?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
How do I order chalk to eat at a lower cost?
I do track and cross country, eat to my hunger cues, and eat a generally healthy and varried diet, why am I still so fat?
How can I be determined in my diet?
What percentage of the adult population needs to be told what to do on a daily basis, beyond eating, sleeping, pooping and sex?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
What is breakfast? What else can we eat?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
What are some good substitutes for rolled oats?
Why do I get sleepy even after a low-carb lunch?
What food items will be provided in Shatabdi?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Can you lose weight by eating one meal a day?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
What are disadvantages of good health?
How do I overcome distorted thoughts about food?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
What is the edible part of pear, since it is a false fruit?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
Which have more fats: chapati or boiled rice?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Is it necessary to follow the low carb high fat diet during intermittent fasting or can I eat whatever I want?
Where can I eat a good "impepata di cozze" in Bagnoli (Naples)?
Is it bad to eat bread that has seeds in it?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
What should I eat chicken with?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What is a good real organic health food store online for many different foods?
Is Biona peanut butter healthy?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
How can low-fat cooking oil make breakfast healthier?
What are the benefits of eating chorizo (sausage) while being pregnant?
Is dining out bad for the health?
What are the benefits of eating garlic bread and garlic salt once a week?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
I weight 103kg but I eat healthy, I'm a triathlete and I've been told that I'm healthy. Should I be worried?
What are some meals to make that taste good, are easy to make, and preferably healthy?
Is it good to have raw vegetables during night time?
Why is buttermilk considered healthy?
I’m sick with walking pneumonia. What natural food can I eat?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Why should coconut palm sugar be used?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
What kind of snacks do you love the most?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
What is the importance of food microbiology?
Being a vegetarian, what certain foods should I be eating everyday to maintain a healthy body and mind?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
Can I eat mangoes if I have a cold and a cough?
What are some of the risks of eating uncooked quinoa?
What are some easy and healthy breakfasts that a hostelite can make?
What foods give you comfort?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
What are the nutritional benefits of eating salmon patties with crackers?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
Do you have any good ideas about low-glycemic and anti-inflammatory meals?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What will happen if I start eating 10 spoons of ghee every day?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
What happens if a diabetic stops eating sugar?
How much black cherry juice should you drink in a day?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
Which cooking oil is best to live the healthiest life?
When did Americans start eating salads?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
What diet can increase calcium?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Can I substitute artificial sweeteners for sugar?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
What's the healthiest fast food restaurant in the market?
What food is low glycemic, and how do I follow a low-glycemic diet to delay type 2 diabetes?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
What food should be eaten by beginner racers in India?
Is it actually bad to eat dry ice?
What do people with clear skin eat on a typical day?
How can I make a meal using only canned goods?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
Will toasting whole wheat bread make it healthier?
What foods have the highest satiety to calorie ratio?
Why is cholesterol important?
What is your child's first choice of food?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
My family is not tolerant about a vegetarian diet. What can I do?
Why should we eat green beans?
What would happen if fruits & vegetables spoke?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
Did construction workers really eat lunch sitting on high steel beams?
Is filet mignon healthy?
What meal would you request if it’s your last day to live?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
How can a vegan obese meet their daily protein requirement?
Can I eat dates when bodybuilding? Since they contain a lot of sugar, I’m a little bit confused about whether I should eat them or not.
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
What is the benefit of taking food vouchers and food cards as part of salary?
How do I eat garlic bread?
Is there any health value if I grind white or red beans to a powder state? And how do I intake it?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
What foods cause the most gas?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Which fibrous food should be taken in piles?
How do you chop nuts?
What are the benefits of eating fast food during pregnancy?
What is the best health food for a picky eater?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
Is cheese good for children?
Would you consider 2 cups of milk coffee instead of 1 cup of black coffee? Is it too acidic or healthy?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
What type of food can we eat to increase our height?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
Is Epigamia Greek yogurt healthy?
What happens if sauerkraut is not completely submerged during fermentation?
As a 22-year-old, what health habits, diets, exercise routines, etc., should I be engaging in to lead a long, healthy life while maintaining a low body fat percentage?
What is the healthiest type of noodles?
How can I lose 10lbs in 3 months?
Is it good to drink green tea right after dinner?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
What are the risks of eating fast food during pregnancy?
What are the options for healthy vegetarian ready made breakfast for students?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
What's your easiest, healthiest meal to quickly feed a family of four?
Do you have a cost effective, healthy shake/smoothie recipe I could make & drink everyday?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
Why can't US school cafeterias serve healthy food like in Japan?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
How should I care for my teeth after eating food with vinegar, such as salad dressing?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is it good for diabetic persons to eat rice made items in a day?
What are some healthy oatmeal brands?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Does eating dry fruits help in weightloss?
Where do you go shopping for food for your family?
Can I eat grain meal if I have chicken pox?
How is cold pressed juice better than normal juice?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
What happens when we eat too much pizza in a single day?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
Does heating spices like turmeric or rosemary neutralize their health benefits like heating does to garlic for example?
What are the benefits of eating tilapia while being pregnant?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
Why don't I get full when I’m eating breakfast? I'm not even that hungry. It's more of an empty feeling.
What is an example of a normal, healthy dinner?
What is modified palm oil that is in the cookie that I eat? Is it a hydrogenated oil? Is it a trans fat? Is it bad for the heart?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What are the dangers of eating outdated yogurt?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
What are the best natural things for healthy skin?
I eat an incredible amount but I still remain skinny. How can I gain weight?
Does it matter how bad I eat if I can flush it all out with water?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
What can I do to start liking vegetables?
What happens if I eat spicy food when I have chicken pox?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
Are humans still capable of eating raw meat?
Are Goya black beans healthy for us?
Why do people have allergies to certain foods?
What will happen to your appearance when you stop eating candy?
Is it harder or easier to create a food-item that normally costs a little more?
Is the Sardinian Cannonau wine actually extra healthy?
What's a 1,200 high protein low carb diet?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
Do you know why we should not eat raw bread?
What do the majority of scientific studies conclude about when and how much we should we eat?
Does blending fruits and vegetables in to a smoothie take away the benefits of the fiber?
Is the raw superfood bar market growing?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Is it okay to have green chili on an empty stomach?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
What is the best breakfast diet to lose belly fat?
Is standing punishment good for one’s health?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
What are some easy and healthy chicken recipes?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
What foods ferment in your stomach?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Are oranges healthy for dogs?
What are the 6 different food groups?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
Which one is better for breakfast: oatmeal or smoothie?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
With the amount of toxins in fish, is eating fish healthy?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
Is it good to eat an apple every day in the Indian climate?
Why should a vitiligo patient avoid milk?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
Why is daily sweating important for health?
What are the natural foods to stay fresh and energetic during summers?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
Who can eat biltong?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
What is the eating schedule in the West?
Which foods are bad for asthmatics?
What is something that I can have with me that whenever I feel like eating something I can eat it, which will give me at least some sort of energy?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
What are the pros and cons of eating raw peas?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Why am I craving ice cream today?
How much feces does a human produce daily, and how much would twice that amount be?
Why does my stomach stick out after I eat?
Do men watch their food diets?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
When did you realize that diet wasn't working and you had to do stomach reduction surgery?
What is the best way to prevent the 2-nonenal smell from developing as one ages? Is there a certain diet one should follow or a lifestyle to adhere to?
How important is it that people know which country the food they eat comes from?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Has anyone stopped eating sushi because mercury has been found in both big and small fish (but mostly in big ones)?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
What are the DASH diet macros?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
Is it safe to eat salmon bought from UK supermarkets despite the recent threat of Lepeophtheirus salmonis?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
What are the pros and cons of eating mangoes?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
What foods burn fat?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Is there an alternative for brinjal (eggplant) that will give me the same nutrients?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
How can I have a healthier and good looking skin?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
My thighs are pretty big, how can I make them thinner and healthier?
Do any people on Quora follow a low FODMAP diet on a permanent basis?
Why are some eggs tastier than others?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
Is soya sauce anti-inflammatory or healthy in any other way?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
What is shortening, and how healthy is it for cooking?
Is eating several kilograms of fruit daily harmful for your health?
What is the healthiest cultural food?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
Are you likely to eat paleo food for breakfast?
Are cookies healthy?
How do I keep my health good?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
How do you wait in between meals?
I go to gym every day and I follow good diet, but I can't get rid of my tummy fat. It is really so big and it really bothers me. What should I do?
Is Quaker oatmeal laced with pesticide?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
Why aren’t patients allowed to eat or drink immediately after surgery?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Can I survive while eating nothing but bread and canned tuna?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
Is avocado toast healthy?
You are very hungry and someone offers you a loaf of bread. You are about to consume it, but another hungry beggar asks for the same. What would you do?
Can I eat space salt?
Can you eat steak with braces?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
What are good exercises and diet for hand and finger strength?
Can you suggest me some low carb foods?
What are fool-proof ways to preserve cut fruits & vegetables from rotting quickly after eating only a portion of say avocados, melons, mangoes, etc?
What are the dangers of not eating after 7pm?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
Which gives the best results for weight loss, a low-carb diet and weights or running and a low-carb diet?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
What diet plans are you using to lose weight?
Can anyone see anything wrong with eating 600g of tomatoes in a day on the odd occasion?
What are the pros and cons of eating sunflower seeds?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
I juice fresh veggies (with a tad of fruit) each evening to avoid snacking. What health benefits can I expect internally and externally?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
How can I still have enough energy to perform well in football when on a diet?
What percent of calories are absorbed from eating raw quinoa (vs cooked quinoa)?
How bad is one small caramel candy when on a low-carb diet, even though I won't cross my max carb intake (in low carb days, its 50g)?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
What's best? Washing your fruit with soap and water or just plain water?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
What can I do with my mouth instead of eating?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
How do the popularities of vegan, gluten-free, and Paleo diets compare?
What should I do if I'm hungry and only half an hour is left for dinner to be ready?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Is it really unhealthy to drink water after having a meal?
What is the original recipe to make oatmeal?
What are some tasty foods you can make in survival conditions?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What problems usually happen with vegans after 1-4 years of practising such diet?
Should human eat to live or live to eat?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
Why do different religions forbid their followers from eating certain type of food? Read the description too.
Why am I skinny even though I eat food?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Are there any foods that you prefer to eat after the expiration date?
What is the perfect food against cancer?
Can acidic foods be healthy?
Which food should men avoid?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
What are the benefits of eating peach seeds?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
What are the occasions and their related food in your country?
What snacks are good for the health?
If GM foods become mainstay, which companies will benefit?
What are the risks of eating bad bacon?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
What should be done with the pieces of fruits and vegetables left after drinking the detox water?
Will the probability of you getting cancer decrease if you eat organic foods?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
When is the best time to eat dessert, and how do I make it healthier (to keep from spiking blood sugar)?
Which fresh fruit & vegetable juices or smoothies can you recommend I buy in store (UK) and which offers the most benefit?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
I only want to eat one thing all the time, and so I barely eat. What causes this?
What happens if you eat after 7 PM?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
Is there any side effect of a balanced diet?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
Is drinking tea or lassi in an earthen pot (kulhad) healthy?
Is peanut good for diet?
Are bananas healthy for dogs?
Who are the best people to follow for a healthy vegan diet to shed fat?
Why do the majority of people have chapati/rice with their daily meal?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
If me and my successors start eating grass from now, will our appendix redevelop?
Is it safe to eat crab legs while being pregnant?
Is it healthy to eat donuts for breakfast?
Which are the almost necessary vegetables, fruits and diary products for survival-for a healthy man?
Does eating a certain diet help you be spiritually more pure?
Which fruits and vegetables do I eat to become really strong physically as well as mentally?
How can I differentiate good from lesser quality brown bread?
What if there were no health consequences at all to being anything from emaciated to infinitely obese?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
How fast do results from eating right and working out start to show?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
What diet should a man take after complete recovery from jaundice?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Is diebetic chocolate good or bad for the pre-diabetic stage?
What are Magnolias used for, and what are the health benefits?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
How much apple cider juice is too much, and is it bad for you?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Which foods can greatly improve your skin if they’re eaten regularly?
Is eating white rice healthier, than eating white bread?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
What did you realize about food and eating habits so that you have never gained weight again?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Is it possible to build a muscular body without eating 5 small meals a day, considering I am not a fitness model but a professional working 9-5?
How much Spirulina should I put in my morning smoothie?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
What can a person eat who has pancreatitis?
How long would it take to die if I stopped eating and simply drank water?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
What are some examples of hard fruits?
Why is it advised not to drink water just after having meal?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Is it possible to live your whole life drinking only your favorite 100% natural freshly made juice?
Will eating only fruits eventually cause diabetes and cancer?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
What do Chinese people consider to be healthy breakfast foods, and why?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
Why can't some people stand eating chili?
Are cans with easy-open ring tabs worse for your health than the cans that must be opened with a can opener?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
Is black coffee good for your health? If yes, then when should we consume it?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
Can fruits be eaten at night before bed?
What are the food combinations to avoid?
How are Andrea’s meals unique from other meals?
What does a workout diet look like?
What are the healthiest peppers?
Can a BP patient eat mint?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
How can I use linseed in my meals?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
What are the risks of eating tilapia during pregnancy?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
What can I eat to lower blood sugar?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
Does eating Dhokala in dinner everyday create any health issue?
Have you ever gone to bed hungry? Are there times when you didn't know where your next meal would come from?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
What are the benefits of eating stink bugs?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
Is it easier for a teenager (14) to lose weight on a low carb diet?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
What are the health benefits of cooking with fish oil?
Is fried dough, or 油条, considered healthy in China?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
What are the benefits of eating javelina boar?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
Is it okay to have chicken fingers as dinner?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
Can people with diabetes eat candy?
What will compel you to adopt organic foods in your day-to-day food purchase?
If you eat unhealthy for 3 years and you lose 3 inches, can you grow three inches by eating healthy and stretching?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
I prefer to eat by myself during lunch. What does that say about me?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
How do I identify that the mango is naturally ripen or artificially?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
How can I reduce the formation of carcinogens when steaming fish? I currently use a garlic turmeric paste that I glue to the fish before coating it in rosemary.
When is the best time to eat vegetables?
Which is the most polarizing food?
What diet plan/lifestyle should you follow if you have a slow metabolism?
Is it good to eat an apple and a banana after exercising or does it just add fats into my body?
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What are the disadvantages of eating peach seeds?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
What food is good for a badminton player?
How does chow mein affect our health?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
What are some useful Indian cooking tips?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What used to be at the location where Whole Foods will be at 125 St and Lenox?
Why am I not eating well lately?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What are some healthy low sugar meal ideas for breakfast, lunch & dinner?
Where is a good place to get a summer job if I love making health food?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
Is it bad to eat mud?
Is basmathi rice healthier than normal ponni rice?
What are some healthy pre made lunch options to take to work?
Is eating apples not good for one with diabetes? Most fruits are sweet in taste, so which fruits are highly recommended for type-2 diabetes?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
Which is healthier, standing up or sitting down?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
What is a good oatmeal recipe for someone that doesn't like oatmeal?
If a vegan diet is an all around better diet (for consumer and environment), why isn't it (information and food) made more accessible?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What food is the most unhealthy?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
Why are American breakfasts so full of sugar?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
Why are diabetic patient advised to take their own urine?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
If you were starved of food for 4-5 days and then you were given food you disliked, would your body make you like the food?
Are All European people eating organic food?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
Which is the best and healthiest cooking oil in India?
If drinking water during meals messes up digestion, won't it help you lose weight if you're not successfully digesting and absorbing the nutrients?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
What are some great healthy meals a beginner cook can make at home?
How can I stay hydrated with food?
What are the health benefits of drinking a glass of water right after you wake up?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Is it advisable to eat fruits along with dry fruits?
Is it dangerous to drink water right after a meal?
What are the dangers of eating chocolate with cherries inside?
What are the dangers of eating modified corn starch?
Is eating sand good for you?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
Is drinking your own urine healthy?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
I'm 14 years old. How can I start having a healthy diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
How can I overcome the craving to eat fast food all the time?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
What should I eat or drink to avoid cramps?
Is it healthy to eat watermelon?
Which type of eating habit (vegan, omnivorous, occasionally eat meat, etc) is proven healthiest (low disease rate, long life expectancy) for humans?
Is it possible to survive eating only takis for a month?
Can I eat, or should I leave, the decoration’s vegetables on my dish at restaurants?
Can we eat chana and banana in breakfast?
What nutritional value does whole wheat bread provide?
What's the best 1300 calorie diet plan?
Does ant killer powder cause any harm to us if we eat it?
What are examples of breakfast foods?
Why do we soak walnuts before eating them?
What is a healthy breakfast option for students living in a hostel?
What snacks are good for the health?
How can I prepare myself for eating?
What are some healthy overnight recipe for breakfast?
Is Vajrasana beneficial on an empty stomach?
How many kilos can I lose if I eat only eggs and cabbages in a week?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
How do I stop thinking about food and eating as a teen?
Are masala oats as healthy as regular oats?
Are feta cheese and kalamata olives safe to eat every day?
What are the health benefits of eating tuber vegetables?
Does losing weight make you feel cold?
Does anyone eat sashimi every day?
What's a good way to increase willpower against a bad diet?
What foods should you avoid while on Adderall?
What is caloric deficit diet?
What's the right proportion of vegetables and fruits at each meal?
What are the dangers of eating outdated yogurt?
How much weight can I lose in a month by healthy eating and drinking water?
Do I still need to add fat to my diet if I eat foods naturally high in fat?
Why did Luther go to Wartburg after the Diet of Worms?
What does Vivek Mittal think about the banana island diet?
Why do Jain people avoid variety in food?
Is there any breathing exercise I can do after having a meal to improve digestion?
What can I do in a year to look much younger and healthy?
What should I do with a jar of kombucha and SCOBY that's been left in the fridge for a very long time?
How do you combat your food cravings when you know that they can be easily satisfied?
Consider the maxim “When eating breakfast, one ought to only eat müsli.” Could it be universalized?
What are the health benefits of eating gluten-free gelato?
Is eating white rice healthier, than eating white bread?
What should a healthy diet for children include?
How do I avoid the urge to drink water during meals?
How does Vivek Mittal resist his temptation to eat junk food?
Is it all right to eat before exercising?
Why is peanut oil bad for you?
Do obese people know just how unhealthy their diet is?
What’s the damage of 10 days of vacation and carefree eating?
What are sabja seeds? What are their health benefits?
What are the health benefits of eating protein pancakes?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
Which food is considered unhealthy?
Does the amount of sugar you consume add up weekly or daily?
Why is food spicier on some days than others?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
Why is the cabbage soup diet effective?
What can you do to keep yourself away from harm as long as food is concerned?
Can we reduce weight by eating complex carbs?
Is it good for our health if we masturbate every day?
What are the health benefits of eating banana pancakes?
Is eating ice unhealthy?
Can foods be healthy?
Why should we eat a wide variety of foods?
If foods rich in protein come along with carbs more than protein, then how can I eat more protein than carbs?
What are some easy and healthy chicken recipes?
How much healthier is pasteurized vegetable juice compared to raw juice?
What would happen if tomorrow I suddenly started eating 15 eggs on a daily basis? Would my body be able to cope with the change?
I have a 14 months son. How many dates can he eat a day?
Which foods are rich in hemoglobin?
Can I replace regular daily meals with powdered meals like Joylent, without having health issues in the long term?
If someone went eight days without eating, how would their eating habits look when they finally eat again?
Are there any websites that deliver food and snack in bulk in the UK?
How do I convince my friend that going 28 days without eating will not "cleanse her body"?
What are the benefits of eating charcoal biscuits?
How can we—especially vegetarians & vegans—avoid mycotoxins especially in foods like bananas, produce, seeds, nuts, grains, legumes, tap water & more?
How does the danger of eating raw food come about? Would I have to eat it frequently or only once? I’m asking for a sibling who used to sometimes eat raw food.
Which one is better for breakfast: oatmeal or smoothie?
Is sweating good for health?
How many calories is a loaf of Italian bread?
How do you avoid becoming hungry when taking on a healthier diet to lose weight?
Can I build a good physique on 2 meals a day?
Can I have a 5000 calorie cheat meal every week by following a 1500 calorie diet plan?
Why do I feel so ill whenever I try to improve my diet?
Should I eat lemons, if I have a cold?
Can I do abdominal breathing practice after having a meal?
My wife brought home chalupas, but I was planning on eating healthy today. What should I do?
Are ultra-processed foods really that bad for us?
What are some really healthy pancake-like foods?
Why do people criticise me for eating right and following a strict diet?
Why are blue corn chips considered healthy?
Are goat testicles healthy to eat?
What are the disadvantages of heat-and-eat meals?
How should you be eating if you are trying to get faster and burn fat?
How do Punjabis stay healthy & fit?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
Are all artificially sweetened beverages (example Crystal Light) as bad for your body as diet soda?
Why doesn't the musk melon taste as sweet as it smells?
What are some meals to make that taste good, are easy to make, and preferably healthy?
What's the most nutritious diet for avoiding bread and sugar?
Will my cholesterol level be high if I eat a dozen eggs a day?
Why is diet soda so fattening?
I always feel bad after eating and I am also very concerned about my weight. Are these signs of eating disorders?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
What are the worst foods for skin?
Which one is best for health, bread or butter?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Can you really eat unlimited pasta on the Slimming World diet?
What quantity of cow urine is admissible in a daily diet according to Hinduism?
What is a healthy Indian meal to loose weight?
For the purpose of the question "what is a healthy diet", how different can every individual be, in terms of his chemistry, metabolism or other aspects?
What company does wholesale on healthy snacks?
Is it possible to be happy and have higher focusing power without eating good food or by only eating bad food (i.e., only bad carbs) and doing cardio workouts?
Where can I buy makoi juice?
Is it part of Hinduism to eat healthy?
What is a food you cannot eat ever again after a bad experience?
How can I change my diet to become more androgynous?
How much can someone eat before they explode?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
What are some tips for a healthy diet?
What is a good vegetarian diet plan for losing weight (Indian diet plan)?
What happens if you eat too much peanut butter?
What are some of the tastiest foods in this universe?
How can I stop the habit of drinking water while I'm eating?
What are some foods most people don't know are unhealthy?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Do non-organic veggies have a lot of pesticide residues?
What is a nice meal in summer in Maharashtra?
What is an 8-day diet plan to avoid gas formation in the stomach?
When is good time for taking medicine for diabetes, i.e., before or after a meal, and how much time before or after a meal?
What nutritional habits or diets do fitness instructors and trainers follow?
Which diet has the scientific proof to support that it increases life expectancy without illnesses? Is it vegan, moderate meat/dairy, vegetarian?
What is best diet to improve the body’s metabolism?
If I eat a 2000 calorie meal, does my body process if differently than five 400 calorie meals throughout the day?
Is it healthy to drink the water used to soak beans?
What will happen if I eat bread instead of rice?
How do you determine which food you can trust?
How long will take it me to get used to a lower calorie intake diet?
What are some snacks that have very low calories?
Is it okay to have chicken fingers as dinner?
Why do kids hate eating vegetables?
Can avocado be included in a gout diet?
Are there any healthy benefits of honey (Processed one) available at any supermarket shelf?
If your weight is above 90, what diet should you follow?
Does that strong lift 5x5 program really work for people trying to get back in shape?
Which food items shouldn't be taken together or one after another?
Should I only cut my calories or eat healthy as well?
What happens if I shift from keto diet to high protein low fat and low carb after loosing enough weight?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
Will mixing alkaline foods with acidic foods make the alkaline foods lose its healthy potential?
Does eating carbohydrates increase the risk of cancer, while eating more fats doesn't?
What are ideas for low carb frozen entrees?
What are the foods with the highest glycemic index scores?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
An iridologist told me I need to exclude gluten and dairy from my diet completely and immediately. I'm skeptical. What would you suggest?
What is healthier, broccoli or cauliflower?
Is loving to eat healthy food as a teenager normal?
Does gluten free starchy foods such as potato chips cause inflammation?
What is the best diet plan or a way to lose tummy fat?
What is the perfect diet for a diabetic person?
What would happen if I didn't eat for 7 days, only water?
How does stopping a diet plan from time to time help in its ongoing success for overall weight loss?
How healthy is having sattu in the morning?
How do nuts and raisins differ?
What is the ideal diet for a person with no stomach?
Is junk food in the US tastier or more addicting than in other countries?
How much walnut oil should I take?
What diet should I follow to get a bigger bum on a budget?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
What is the reason for high blood sugar when no carbs are being consumed at all?
Is nougat healthy?
How can I train myself to stop reaching for snacks and munching throughout the day?
What´s a low carb, low calorie snack that´s not veggies?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
When is the best time to eat dates?
What is raw egg good for?
What are some examples of heat-and-eat meals?
Should I start eating breakfast again or keep myself from eating it as a 15yo?
How can two people eat healthy on a $200 budget?
What happens to someone who doesn't eat a wide variety of foods?
The diet of the Inuit people is seal, caribou, whale, etc. How do they not get nutrients from fruit and vegetables and not get sick?
What are two reasons as to why fast food is unhealthy?
How easily can 3500-4000 calories in 3 meals a day be as a HFHC mostly raw vegan?
What's the point on making healthier food?
What is a gluten-free diet? How does it affect your health?
Which one produces more oil, groundnut or soya beans?
How nutritious is omena fish?
What is considered to be a lavish meal?
If you were starved of food for 4-5 days and then you were given food you disliked, would your body make you like the food?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
Are All European people eating organic food?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Is meal prep unhealthy?
How can I still have enough energy to perform well in football when on a diet?
What kinds of foods should I eat at school before going to the gym?
How many soya chunks does 100g contain?
How bad is one small caramel candy when on a low-carb diet, even though I won't cross my max carb intake (in low carb days, its 50g)?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
Is the Paleo Diet recommended?
If you could only eat 10 foods for a well-balanced diet, what would they be?
What diet should someone with polycythemia vera follow?
How much food should you eat for breakfast?
If you eat 6 bananas a day, what will happen to your body?
What are the dangers of eating chocolate with cherries inside?
What constitutes a healthy diet for breastfeeding mothers?
Is eating sand good for you?
How do I find a good health and nutrition coach?
What's the best meal replacement powder?
What should we eat for a balanced diet?
Which is healthier pancetta or bacon, and why?
Are salty and greasy foods addictive?
Is goat brain healthy to eat?
How is a green apple good to eat?
Do you think people consume organic food to pretend they are aware of global issues or by genuine interest in their health and environnement?
How healthy is eating deviled eggs?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
How much should you eat per meal?
Can we eat small sized chicken eggs? Are they healthy to eat?
How do carnivores such as lions get enough nutrients given that they lack a balanced diet since they don't eat vegetables?
Are vegans’ environmental and ethical arguments proven to be true? Also, Is it true that we don't need meat— even in moderation— to be healthy?
How can I eat healthy and lose weight as a very picky eater?
