How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
If you live in an industrial area, is it harmful for your health, or is it something else?
Is it good to go for a health card?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
How can you stay comfortable and healthy working and sitting at a desk all day?
I do not know how to sit elegantly on a bean bag & I feel like a vernacular ungrommed loser. What should I do?
Is bronze good for bone health?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau doing the right thing to legalize marijuana in Canada? Why or why not?
What are some of the best healthy habits, for people working in irregular shifts?
What is the best supplement, vitamin or health product that can regulate blood vessels so that they can optimally constrict/dilate?
I suffer from acne. What treatment is recommended?
I recently got diagnosed with HIV. I plan to change my lifestyle so that I could live a healthy life and turn my life around. What should I do?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
Should we accept obesity or help people get thinner?
How do you maintain a healthy spine?
How can we stay young and stay simple?
What is a good, healthy way to stop flashbacks when you have them?
Is Teem healthy for us?
What are the best things to keep in a relationship to keep it healthy?
What are the best ways to teach your kids healthy habits?
How can I adjust my sleep to stay healthy while working shift work?
How can I improve my heart's health?
How do I adjust to a work environment with just my left hand? The other is in a hard cast from a hairline fracture at the wrist. I am right handed.
Is limonene good for your health?
Do sauna suits have the same effect as sauna?
Why do some people have completely clear skin even with a shit diet and little to no exercise, whilst others have acne with a healthy lifestyle?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
Haw can I increase my personal energy?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
Is it possible to have too much iron?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
Is Lactaid healthy?
What do I do if I am not able to sleep when I am supposed to sleep & then I feel sleepy at the wrong time which affects my schedule & lifestyle?
How many times a week should I masturbate to remain healthy?
Is gomutra good for health?
How bad does it burn when you drink bleach?
Healthy tips for one who does rotational shift?
How do our bodies become acidic?
What are some health tips for sitting professionals?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How do I stay active without eating healthy?
Are there any circumstances that would justify regulating profits from pharmaceutical products?
Is female sterilization bad for your health in the long run, since the natural cycle is being halted?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
How do I maintain high energy levels being overweight?
What are some of the best doctors' for a healthy life?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
How much, in matters of health, do you win by having an extremely healthy life?
How does exercising and staying healthy when you are in your 20s and your 30s affect your later years in life?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
How do we develop healthful desires?
How do you change a stubborn, harmful habit that you've failed to change over the years?
What are some of the best way to stay fit and healthy if you are a busy student?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
Is BHT bad for your health?
Is drinking a lot of water before sleeping bad for health?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
How do I cope with poverty?
How does chow mein affect our health?
What are you ladies' challenges to exercising and eating healthy on a consistent basis?
What is the best healthy eating app?
How do I convince myself to make health a priority?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
What can I do now in my mid 30s to have a healthy life in my 40s?
Is a toilet's flush valve intentionally placed on the right side (as you stand in front of the toilet) to minimize contamination?
Do young, healthy people sense if they will die soon? How?
What is the best way to a physical and mental, healthy life?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: "A healthy body is a reflection of a healthy mind. A healthy mind is a reflection of a healthy body"?
How do I maintain my health at the age of sixty?
My girlfriend is 19, 5 foot 9, and 95kg, and she refuses to take advice from me about exercise. How do I explain it to her? I'm worried.
How could we improve our dance cover?
What should one do to remain younger and healthy always?
How do I create a balance between working hard and having a healthy life?
How can I stay healthy and be happy on low income?
What's the best gel insole for a 56-year-old man (Size 7 shoe) who works as a cook and standing all day in a restaurant?
What are the best foods to have on a regular basis?
What is the best spa franchise in India?
How can I lead a healthy life as a hosteller of a college?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
What everyday habits do you practice to maintain a healthy physical & mental lifestyle? How do you balance it with your family and leadership duties?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
How do I check my health in one minute?
Is it healthy for someone to wrestle with their partner?
What are lifestyle habits that keep you healthy?
How do I stay healthy and fit in this hot summer in India?
How do I start being healthier?
Where can I get healthy tips and health coaching?
Should I take medicine to look healthy?
What is your secret to stay young?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
What is the limit on masturbation for a male? Is it good for health?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
How much water should an adult, aged around 25 years old, consume daily in order to maintain his good health?
Is orbit is good for health?
Why are men less concerned about their health?
Is it healthy to change friends?
What is it like to have a relationship? How do you maintain a healthy one?
Will god punish us for masturbating?
I'm a smoker. How do I keep myself healthy without quitting?
Is it healthy to drink wife's urine if both are keeping good health?
What are some good cross body health exercise?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
What are some healthiest habits I could add to my routine?
What is the importance of the wellness triangle?
How harmful is it for your back or body to use your laptop, while sitting in your laptop chair and putting your legs up on your bed that’s nearby?
What are your favorite Greenways in the US for biking?
How much hour of sleep is sufficient for a person above 18 to stay healthy?
How much money do you think a person should spend in order to eat well and stay healthy?
What habits do doctors recommend for young people to adopt to have long and healthy lives?
Has anyone witnessed any type 1 diabetes who has a healthy lifestyle even during his/her old age without serious health problems?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Is it unhealthy to exercise in the morning before soiling?
Is beer good for your health?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
What are the ways to get rid of hyperacidity?
What are some facts about hot tubs and infections that will help you to stay healthy?
Are Kellogg’s Oat Bites healthy?
Are "healthy oils" (coconut, olive, rapeseed) still healthy when used for cooking?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
How do I keep healthy as an architect?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
I heard about Varco Phyto Oil as a remedy for varicose veins. Is it effective and recommended for phytotherapy?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
How exactly did David Dao get a concussion during the United Airlines incident?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
Challenge: vegetarian for 1 month. Any advice or tips on how to stay healthy during this time?
What are the lowest doses of resveratrol and coq10 that could have health benefits without any long-term health risks?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
How many years on average do married men live longer compared to single men?
Why does John McDougall look unhealthy?
How is it possible to have Vitamin B12 deficiency even if I drink a lot of milk?
When would working out compromise your health?
Is sabudana good or bad for one’s health?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
How can I keep my liver healthy?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
What is your definition of a healthy dessert?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
I've been physically inactive since I was 12. I'm 19. How much harm did I do to my health in the long term?
What can someone do in order to be healthy if they are thin?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
How do you keep lysosomes healthy?
Which is the best fitness app for a healthy life style?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
How do you keep a healthy lifestyle?
Should I avoid seeds, nuts, grains & legumes-unless "properly" processed-due to the antinutrients leading to gut issues, tooth/bone decay & more issues?
Is chicken bad for your health?
What exercise should I be doing for my body composition?
Are there any negative health ramifications as a result of drooling in your sleep?
How much heterozygosity would be needed in a person's genes to be genetically healthy?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
How hungry or full should I be at bedtime for optimal health?
How can nurses keep themselves healthy when they are working different shifts patterns every week?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is cardio necessary to keep the heart healthy?
How can I live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager girl?
What is the secret of staying healthy in Ramadan?
How much time should we spend in front of the TV for a healthy life?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
Does canned food always have preservatives, even if it's not listed?
Can a smoker lead a healthy life?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
Why do people say that slouching is bad for my health?
How much sleep does an average adult need to live healthy?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
What do I need to do if I want to live long?
Is sleeplessness/less sleep bad for health? How?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
Is it easy to work in big law but still maintain a healthy life with kids?
What factors control the human heart rate? What can cause it to go down?
Which ingredients should I pick in Subway for the healthiest possible sandwich?
What are some healthy alternatives to Funyuns?
How much should I weigh with a healthy body fat percentage?
What are the simplest things you can do everyday to improve your health?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
Why do my balls feel radiated when I'm on my iPad? When I'm not on it the feeling goes away
Is it bad if can't sleep?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
What do you do for your health?
Is there time to workout and stay healthy if I become an airline pilot?
Will HPV be contagious after it is cleared from your body?
Should people just accept their body as it is (as long as it is healthy, of course)?
What are the healthy facts about Papaya?
How can I identify as to which component of milk am I allergic to?
How do I maintain a healthy lifestyle while working in a night shift?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
Why is Apple juice good for a person?
What should healthy boogers look like?
What would you do if you were too tired of what happens around you?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
Are lice bad for our health?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
I'm in the process of starting a Superfood supplements business. To what extent can I offer nutritional advice?
Is wine good or bad for your health?
What are the basic steps to stay fit and healthy?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
What are some ways to stay healthy even if you spend most of the day sitting down?
Are samosas good for health?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
Have you experimented with caloric restrictions as a method of extending your life?
What is ceragem treatment?
What do we have to do to have a healthy, full lifetime?
In what ways can grenadine be bad for your health?
How can I simply maintain a healthy lifestyle?
If you made a lot of enemies, how do you live a long life?
Is dining out bad for the health?
Are expectations healthy?
If turmeric is so healthy, why isn't curry a health food?
Would you rather be constipated or have diarrhea?
Is 10 thousand steps enough in a day to be healthy?
Lately, I've been trying to eat healthy, exercise and drink loads of water, so why do I have a bad stomach all the time, since starting this?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
Is libido healthy?
How do I get into the routine for a healthy life? How do I get the motivation?
Is The Chickery good for one’s health?
Does the total amount of calories decrease when baking foods—especially meats—or does only the total fat reduce?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
What are the challenges in engaging Health and Wellness industry?
For people who regularly do Surya Namaskar, what are the health benefits other than losing weight? How long does it take for one to see those benefits?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
Is running or cycling bad for your long term health?
Is water fasting bad for the health?
Is sleeping on the floor or firm surfaces really better for posture and back issues?
I want to be outdoors all day, not inside an office or at home, how do I achieve that?
Why is healthy competition considered good?
What's the best way to make sure you're healthy every year?
Most nights I am waking up completely soaked in sweat. Why is this happening?
Does Qvar inhaler really treat asthma?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
How much hours should we sit a day?
How do I live a healthy, long and energetic life with onion and garlic free food?
How does eating healthy lead to a happy life?
Is it because I crack my knuckles regularly that I can't make a tight fist?
Is it healthy to eat the Lipton chicken noodle soup?
Is (or could) drinking olive oil good for the stomach?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
What is needed for healthy fertilization?
What are some tips for working long days in a healthy way?
Is smoking and drinking really bad for your health?
Which healthy habits are good for our daily life?
What does the wellness triangle indicate?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
Would you experience any negative health effects if you put only water in an e-cigarette?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
What are your suggestions for a name for my healthy living blog?
Why some people stay strong and healthy when they get old while others don't?
How do healthy habits help people live longer lives?
How did you motivate yourself to exercise and control eating habits when you had chronic severe headaches?
What kinds of activities are good for children’s health?
How is National Health Policy 2017 announced today?
What tools do you use to keep your mind healthy?
Is severe itching a symptom for a sexually transmitted disease?
What are the best places for bikini waxing in Pune or Mumbai?
What are the characteristics of a good health?
Is Zamzam water good for health?
Has the Roost Laptop Stand made a significant difference on any part of your body?
Why is saltwater bad for health?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
What foods help kids in improving their health?
Why introverts always score good in academics?
Healthy living makes me want to die. How can I find a balance?
Water softener, is it healthier?
What is a list of things that I'll need for moving into a room that I'm renting from someone's apartment? How can I maintain my bulking diet?
How do I keep myself healthy in a factory that isn't climate-controlled?
How can I have sex daily and still have a healthy life?
Does pepper make one live longer?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
Is too much sleep good for the health?
Is Herbalife bad for your health?
Can a dialysis patient eat fish soup or not?
How do I stop binge eating all the time?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
I've read that "God should come even before a healthy body", now I don't want to be healthy. How do I get over this?
Which is better, Accretive Health or Concentrix?
Is it healthy to use a sextoy all the time?
Is eating unsulfured & unsweetened dried fruit bad for our health?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
I’ve been trying to lose weight for about 4 months. I am halfway to my goal but these past two weeks I have reached a plateau. How do I switch it up?
Are water stains on sleeping surfaces bad for health?
What is the least messy way to cut and store a watermelon?
What are some signs that you should bring your parent to the doctor?
When are you living a healthy lifestyle?
What are alternatives for the foods that I might be allergic to? I want to gain lean weight and I need a variety of foods to reach 3500 calories daily.
How do you manage your bad habits when no one else is around to hold you accountable?
What consists of a healthy lifestyle that I can adapt immediately?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
Why is it necessary to work out the muscular system with physical exercise to be healthy as far as the AHA is concerned?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
Are whole lentils more nutritious than whole wheat bread?
How is Jaljeera healthy for us?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
What are some health benefits of louts?
How do I improve my lifestyle with integrated health practices?
How can I quit my TV and phone addictions?
Aside from genetics and healthy living, do cranky people live longer than placid, accepting people?
What are the most popular concerns about healthy lifestyle?
Is Enduramaas beneficial for your health?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
Which is the best Nutraceutical diet to follow in order to maintain a healthy life?
What are some of your best healthy life tips?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
How much money do we need to earn to maintain a socially healthy life in the Indian metros, nowadays?
Is tandoori roti good for health?
What are the minimum daily amounts of oils and salt that a healthy adult needs in order to stay healthy?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Does your body always register all food that comes in?
Who told the American public that GMOs are bad for health?
What is something that everyone should do everyday, anywhere, and at any time of the day to stay as healthy and fit as possible throughout their lives?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
Is running every day good or bad for health?
Is studying a lot, bad for health?
Is sleeping after 10 pm detrimental to your health?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
What is the best fit exercises?
What is the healthiest way to live better and longer?
Is it normal to feel tight in the heart, slightly short of breath, anxious, die out for a second & be sore on the side of the neck a day after taking Benadryl?
If you could live for a thousand years while being healthy and active, what would you do?
Is parotta good for our health?
What should one do in order to resist temptations and to maintain a fully stable, strong, healthy mind?
How do I know if I am healthy?
Can I be healthy but not fit?
How do excessive video gamers maintain their health?
What climate is most conducive to a healthy human life?
How does one reverse one's age appearance at 30 years of age considering that person is already living a healthy lifestyle?
Is there any adverse effect to health from living close to wooden overhead pole with three transformers attached?
What is a good healthy alternative for cornstarch?
How can one have a healthy thinking?
What are some tips to stay young, mentally and physically?
Are late night suppers bad for health?
What food should one consume most days to live a long and healthy life?
How many cloves should a person consume per day for good health?
Mr. Anurag, how do you keep healthy?
How do I get a good lifestyle?
Can smartphones damage your health?
I shit at around 11AM. How can I change this time to 8AM or 7AM?
What are some of the best extempore topics?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
Is cycling 15km everyday for a commute sufficient exercise for a 35-year-old male to lead a healthy lifestyle?
Is Tata Teaveda good for women’s health?
How is it that people live despite disease and die despite being healthy?
How do I reduce my sleep hours to nearly 3 to 4 hours?
Is mixing ORS and glucose for daily consumption bad for health?
Have you heard about transdermal medical CO2 therapy that significantly improves microcirculation?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
Are there any negative feedback/side effects of a one month intake of UAE's Nutridiet shakes?
How healthy is "healthy"?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
Can someone following a healthy lifestyle and healthy food habits live 100+ years, or is this just a myth now?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
How do you stay healthy in summer?
Why is mercury bad for our health?
Do we know all of the carcinogen chemicals in plastic and cans, or are we still uneducated and risking getting ill from "BPA-free" items?
Should I be concerned about my health benefits for the future when I'm overweight?
What are tips for good health?
Is using ashwagandha or shatavari good for health?
Why do we die from not eating?
Are there any risks from taking the supplements designed to increase glutathione?
Sunlight is healthy, but at what point does it become harmful?
What should I do to stay fit and healthy this summer?
How one can lead a successful, happy and healthy life?
Is industrialized agriculture good for us? How is our personal health affected?
As someone with an ACE score of 10, what can I do to keep my body healthy?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
How can I keep my tresses moisturized and healthy? What basic products would you recommend?
Can you get TSS from using a pad/sanitary towel?
Is financial health correlated with physical health?
What activities do you do regularly if you are a male teenager of 16?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
Why do healthier people have large stools?
Is depression healthy for life?
Why do some people continue to insist, despite the evidence, that being fat is healthy?
Is it healthy that I eat 10-15 servings of fruit and vegetables per day?
What is the best physical exercise for good health?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
What are the best health tips for childrens?
How do I heal my damaged vocal cords naturally?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
How can I maintain my health?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
How can I live a healthy life as a college student? I have time management issues. Can anybody help?
How can I get a healthy brain?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
Are there long term health risks as to cracking ones knuckles?
Are steroids really bad for one’s health? Are there any scientific studies about that?
How can people maintain healthy weight while on grain free fruit and veggie diet?
What are some of the medical tests one should undergo regularly/annually to ensure a healthy life?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What are natural ways to combat tiredness & lack of energy?
Should we force overweight people to lose weight for the same reasons we force people to wear seat belts, on the pain of sanctions?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
Do we live healthier lives than before?
Where do I begin to change my mentality, my way of living and my current path to becoming more than a victim?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
Why can't we stay healthy throughout our entire life?
I have been obese since I was 17, and am turning 19 in December. Do I still have a hope of growing taller if I lead a healthy lifestyle?
How safe is Pulphy orange? Comparing to other cool drinks?
Is monosodium glutamate good for one’s health?
If you ate junk food despite your diet, how would you feel like and what thoughts would you have?
Is cocoa good for your health?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Is the consumption of Revital H good for one’s health?
What habits do doctors believe lead to a healthy life?
Is sugarcane good for the health in the summer?
How do we organize a healthy lifestyle in small residential complexes?
How long will I live if I eat right and exercise?
Where and how can I market a business in health and wellness? Please be specific.
What does healthy lifestyle entails?
What are your biggest struggles around food, feeling good in your body and a healthy lifestyle?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Drinking coffee in the morning, which I need to function, causes overactivity in my gastrointestinal track. What can I do to counteract this?
What should I eat on a regular basis that's healthy? I'm working on my building my abs.
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
How do we use the Fibonacci sequence to differentiate between healthy and sick lungs?
What is necessary to maintain health?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
How accurate is the book "The Wellness Sense" by Om Swami?
Is eating cilantro bad for health?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Is wearing Rudraksha good for your health?
Why is travel healthy for you?
What is the best thing to do after overeating?
What should be one's diet if he/she wants to be healthy and fit?
Can you live a healthy life on a diet that contains no carbohydrates?
How can one get healthy and heavy hair?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
Is soybean oil good for one’s health?
Is shifting my sleep from night to evening healthy?
Is exercise bad for you?
How can I make tikka masala low in saturated fat?
What does a reality based healthy male friendship look like?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
What are disadvantages of good health?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
What is the minimum amount of masturbation to stay healthy?
How do I live a reasonably healthy life without living too long (past 80ish)?
What are the five daily practices for a healthy life?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How can I maintain my health without the gym?
Why is bioacoustics health?
Are cornflakes good for health?
How can a beer lover lead a healthy life?
What healthy foods can I blend in a blender to make healthy smoothies, milkshakes and juices?
When will people try to change their food habits to be healthier?
What is the best and easiest way to stay healthy without spending lot of time?
What does a healthy male body look like?
Are throwing glass jars a healthy way to vent anger?
How are herbicides harmful for our health?
How do you make sure astronauts are mentally healthy during their stay?
How can I make getting fit, skinny and eating healthy easy and simple as a teenager?
What is the best way to avoid health issues and lead a healthy life?
Which food is good for health in children?
How do I modify workout in summer to stay fit and healthy?
Does intense migraine and tinnitus serve as a disability criteria in India?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Where does the food go that doesn’t come out as poop?
What does healthy soil have to do with me?
Is what I’m doing right or wrong?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the safest ways to keep your reproductive system healthy?
What are some of the pros and cons of living in the countryside?
Are beeswax candles good for health?
Are there any benefits to long distance walking?
How does one make healthy choices?
Is it healthy to drink lemon water daily?
Is Maggi noddles no longer harmful to one’s health?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
How does society maintain order so that it will persist for a long period of time?
I am going to turn 16 very soon. What advice do you have for me?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
How can I become healthier within 1 month?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
How do you define "healthy"?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
How does positivity make you healthy and successful in life?
Why am I struggling to lose body fat percentage?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
How are there dietitians and nutritionists that are clearly not close to being in good shape? Would you trust their rules?
How can I improve my health conditions?
What are the ways to keep the pancreas healthy & active?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
Why is the per capita spending on healthcare so high in the US?
Are pistachios good for health?
How do ambers help improve one’s health?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
How can you maintain bone health?
How do I keep my health good?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
What is your concept of healthy ageing?
Why do doctors say to stop using spices when these are good for your health?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Are cooking sprays good for health?
How can I relax my forehead and develop a healthy brow?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Is RedBull really that bad for your health?
What is the ideal diet to keep one healthy?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
Why are the reports on the benefits of health foods so conflicting?
How can I stop making excuses and actually start to exercise and eat healthy?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
Could you survive and be healthy by only sleeping in 90 minute intervals?
Is there an increased risk to get stomach diseases by drinking soda or energy drinks?
As an unemployed executive, how do I stay sane & healthy? I have been out of a job for a month now. What good things can I do until I get a job?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
Does adding a lot of spice to your meals have a negative effect on your health?
Should I eat avocado seeds? Are they poisonous?
What is your opinion on safe and nutritious food for healthy life?
What were the healthy habits followed by ancient people in India?
How healthy are craft beers?
Will artificial water harm our health?
Which is the best way to maintain a healthy lifestyle, yoga or the gym?
What is the perfect routine for a healthy life style while working in continuous day & night shifts?
I sit at a desk all day. What can I do to maintain good health?
Is having WiFi at home harmful for our health?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
Is it safe to cook different meats together on the same pan or tray, or is there a high risk of getting sick?
Compare a single water fast of over 10 days vs intermittent fasting for several months. Would the health results not be similar?
People in their 30s or early 40s: why aren't you doing as much sport as when you were in your 20s?
Is using lubrication during foreplay healthy for men?
How can I get a healthy and attractive body after the age of forty years old?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
How can we live a long and healthy life? If one has a lean muscular body with a fat percentage of around 10%, does that mean they can live longer?
What should be my routine in Kota to stay healthy?
Would someone be healthier if he/she did deep breathing all the time?
How can I talk my parents into having a healthy life style?
What are some things that can reduce medical problems and promote a healthier lifestyle?
What are the things you do daily to keep your home clean and germs free?
Should friends share the same values? What might be those values?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
Why is Ovaltine healthy?
How can the Japanese have the highest rate of stomach cancer even though their diet is mostly healthy?
Is sweating good for health?
How do we know that being "fit and healthy" is good for our bodies?
What are your personal experiences with the "tabata workout routine"?
Which is the better way to get coconut meat, heat method or freeze method?
Why do successful people sleep so little and how do they do this?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How do you make yourself want to change when you're not motivated?
What are the benefits found in lemon tea with honey?
Why do successful people brag about how little they sleep, is sleep not important for health?
Why do people continue smoking despite packet labeling indicating that it is harmful to health?
What is the best way to live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager?
What are 5 ways to stay content and healthy?
It is true that we can/should eat a lot at breakfast?
What are good vegan meal plans for a very active person that is looking to gain lean weight (3500 calories daily)?
Do you feel overwhelmed with the different kinds of diet out there like anti-inflammatory diet, paleo, etc.?
Why do we expect physicians to advise us to stay healthy?
If I bleach my hair every two weeks, what negative effects would occur to my health?
How can I keep myself healthy?
Are bananas, oranges, bread and water the minimum different foods you need to live a healthy life?
I have a neutered male cat (8 months old) that I adopted from a shelter. What are some ways that I can improve/maintain his health?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
Why do some people get cancer even though they lead a very disciplined, healthy lifestyle?
How can you keep your digestive track healthy?
Has anyone gotten ill after leading a healthy lifestyle?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
Where are the cleanest places to live?
What's the maximum working hours to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Why are health and hygiene important in our life?
Why do we need vitamins?
Are there any health benefits associated with regular consumption of cucumber?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
How does computer maintain its time even it is switched off for long time?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
How common is it to lead a perfectly healthy life with complete DPD deficiency disorder?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
How can we make ourselves healthy?
How much vision can a healthy man have?
Is sleeping on the balcony healthier because of the fresh air?
Is douching with vinegar and water safe?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
How do I practice picking the best watermelon and under what conditions can I apply each method?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
Is Cellotherm treatment good for health?
Is Quora a healthy habit?
Why does being healthy and fit bring a smile to your face?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
Is excessive sleep bad for our overall health?
Are tattoos good for your health?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
What will happen if a person spend many days at a stretch either standing or sitting, but not lying on bed or flat surface?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
What are some key things you perform daily for optimal health?
What is the name of a good thyroid surgeon in Delhi?
What is the healthiest lifestyle lately?
What is the mindset of fit and healthy people?
Is sitting on a stool that causes no blood circulation in my legs bad for me?
How healthy are Americans?
Are nightmares good for health in any way?
What is the healthy range for A1C?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
I'm too lean and thin. How can I improve my health after the age of 24 (Please read description)?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Is rowing on the Thames around Putney bad for your health?
How do I keep myself healthy while on the night shift? And how do I sleep in the morning?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
What are the best arguments I can give my parents to live a healthy life and continue learning?
Can a covert narcissist live a healthy life?
How do we become deeply happy, very healthy and live long?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
Can cake be healthy?
Why do eating speeds differ? How can I safely increase my speed if it's too low?
What does it feel like to be a formerly fit, toned athlete to someone who has let themselves go and gain a ridiculously large amount of weight?
Are fast foods really bad for health?
How can I maintain healthy boundaries?
What's your favorite diet?
What are dips good for?
I am 32 and want to get rid of my bad fun habits (partying, drinking, smoking, flirting), but I feel bored since I stopped. What should I do instead?
Is it dangerous for the health to workout often in a room which is less areated?
What are some good 5 minute healthy and tasty vegetarian snacks?
Is Coregasm good or bad for health?
If you're between 35 and 55, why do you want to be healthy and strong?
Do you have tips to stay healthy while coding all day?
Is it true tequila helps in losing weight? If true, does Mezcal have the same effect?
Which is the best gear cycle with a budget of Rs. 10000?
Why is eating healthy so hard and expensive?
What would a day in the life of a physically and mentally healthy person be like?
Why do people take Disprin so much even though it is so bad for health?
How can I lose weight, and decrease my stomach size?
Is it possible to stay at 8% body fat all your life? Is this healthy?
Can I live until I am 100 years old?
Can a body of water be green-colored and be healthy?
What should I do in my 40's?
Are push-ups a good form of exercise for healthy lifestyle?
Can cocaine make you lose weight?
Why is it so hard to get 6-pack abs?
Is there a relation between lack of soreness after working out and vegan diet?
I'm 15 and really skinny will I eventually gain weight as I get older?
What is a good jump rope workout plan?
How is whole milk fattening?
How do I stay healthy at age 45 if I am a woman?
Is it true that there is always a way?
Are people who are heavier less healthy after controlling for bodyfat %?
What is your favorite way to lose weight?
What is a good recommendation to eat a balanced diet?
Is becoming a vegetarian or vegan good for your health?
Is living in a house above 550 feet sea level safe?
What is the difference between Being Healthy and being Fit? Can we be healthy but not fit or fit but not healthy?
Are MRE's healthy enough for daily consumption for athletes?
What is the benefit of not eating dinner?
How does a lazybones' day look like?
How can I be in a calorie deficit diet for weight loss and at the same time not lose muscle? Should I cut down calories from carbs and fat?
How can I be healthy everyday?
What would happen if unhealthy person whos body is dmaged from drugs, cigarettes and alcohol would start living healthy, doing sports, running etc?
How does thyroid work with other systems to keep the body healthy?
What is the effect of eating pasta and pizza everyday?
Is simple beautiful?
What Are The Effects of Diet on Our Skin?
How many times masturbating is healthy?
Is drinking luke warm water with a pinch of turmeric every night is good for the health of a man?
In general, what is worse, a good diet but not enough physical activity or enough physical activity but a bad diet?
Should I take Creatine if I am 14 and train every day?
What are the benefits of peppermint tea for weight loss?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
How long should I wait before I go to sleep after working out?
What's the correlation between wealth, health, and healthy habits?
What should I do to gain weight and enlarge my calves?
What is the best approach for me to reduce belly fat for good, considering I have knee pain? Which exercise & what diet?
How can I control my appetite more effectively?
Is it possible to lose weight in 2 days without doing exercise?
How can I deny hunger on a diet?
Which are the best exercises for losing fat?
Why does a person changes personality when they lose a lot of weight?
My Semen Analysis report shows Very low quantity and bad morphology, Is it recoverable?
What are the benefits of detoxing once a month?
What type of fruits should one consume to stay healthy in Indian summer?
Can a human stay healthy on bread, water and vitamin pills only?
Who invented push-ups?
Why doesn't fat accumulate on the male calf?
What are the daily practices to become succesful?
I exercise vigorously 60 mins every day and after 6 months I lost 10kg without changing my diet. Am I lucky or is this normal? My BMI is now 28.
What amount of alcohol consumption, over time, is determined to be excessive?
What are some simple ways to maintain healthy eyes?
Can I exercise everyday by myself and still lose weight?
What are some good side dishes for a Korean barbecue?
What are some healthy habits every student must have in life?
what are some of the best books written on nutrition?
How can body fat be reduced?
I want to build mass, is it better to do 5 days isolated or 3 times compound exercise per week?
Does singing too much effect our health?
How can I get my body in good shape at home?
Why does thinking of the past make me extremely sad?
How can I make my groin & inner thigh muscles loose & flexible-they're very tight & limited in range of motion when I do side leg swings?
What is the best Yoga to keep your stomach healthy?
How do I decide Goenka's 10 day Vipassana retreat is for me?
Did you know that Colgate is bad for health?
If I eat less than 2000 calories per day and exercise 1 hour a day, how much fat will I burn in 1 month?
What have you discovered about yourself by doing what you love?
Why are a lot of people who exercise and compete in sports still overfat in relation to their lean body mass?
What is the amount of protein that should be consumed per day to gain muscle I do not want to become buff but want to gain muscle?
How long will it take to reduce my waist size and what to do?
How can I become fit and healthy if I have lived a really unhealthy lifestyle in the past 10 years?
What are the consequences of using strong laxatives for weight loss?
What meal to taken before excerise?
How can I work more, sleep less and also stay healthy?
Which is the best to have meal, 3 times or 5 times a day?
Do you know any online platform for crossfit or nutrition experts can sell their courses?
Is doing sports at night bad for your health?
How do you avoid unintentionally eating halal food?
What should you do when someone hates you?
What must be the diet for a teenager who wants to live fit?
Can I lose 15 kg in three months?
What is the best way to manage a healthy drinking lifestyle?
Can I play sports if I have runner's knee?
How do I lose weight if I mostly have fat in my stomach area?
I'm 15, 225 Pounds and 6 feet 1 inches. What can I do to reduce weight?
What are some activities to do on a regular basis after retirement that will keep you healthy and actively relaxed?
What are the health benefits of red wine?
Where is the best place on the internet to ask medical questions?
How do I overcome fear of Anesthesia?
I weigh 138 kg now, my goal is to weigh 100 kg. What should be my diet plan in order to achieve my goal?
What should a healthy and fit human body be able to do?
What is the perfect diet plan to stay healthy and fit from morning to night?
I am 65. How can I live a peaceful healthy life?
I have normal pain the day after a training. Should or shouldn't I make more exercises today?
Is it healthy to take contraceptive pills or can they in the long run actually harm women's health?
How is proper fasting done?
Can I lose weight from eating only coffee, water and a fruit a day in 2 months?
Is Icecream good for health?
How do I motivate myself to exercise and eat healthy?
Is it must to sleep 7 to 8 hours daily?
What are the three main nutrients that provide energy?
How should they try to spend a healthy lifestyle?
Which are the healthy habits for a long life?
What is the most health coffee to drink between an espresso and a latte?
What is the best way for me to lose weight continuously over a 12-18 month period of time?
How should your stomach feel after eating a proper amount of food?
Is skipping barefooted good for health?
Is homemade pinni good for your health?
What are some benefits to our general health of practicing headstand or hand stands?
What are the benefits of high carb low protein low fat diet. 80/10/10.?
Can extreme sexual conservatism cause mental health problems?
Why does ginseng have so many amazing health properties?
What is muesli used for? Do it have bad effects on health?
What is health and wellness tourism?
Do potatoes lose calories when you boil them?
Is bleaching your teeth bad for your health?
How do I create a room without any ventillation but healthy and comfortable to stay?
Does eating dried cranberries have any negative impact on our health?
If I want to gain muscle, is it better to lose fat first or just start working out?
Have you been trying to be healthier in your life?
Is it healthy for your back to be standing all 8 hours of your shift?
Why its important stay young & fit in today's mordern lifestyle?
Is being too responsible bad for my health?
Does my health get affected if I sleep only for 4 hours during night and I meditate for 1 hour during the day to compensate for the loss of sleep?
How will wireless communication deprive our health?
What is the rules of modern etiquette?
How can I get extra weight and improve my health?
What's your favorite thing about your body?
How much protein is too much? I weight 71 kg and I'm 18 years old. How much should I consume?
What is your routine ..which you think is healthy and possible in present world?
Is doing sports, and sleeping well going to affect your growth?
What are the dangers of eating raw pancetta?
How do I keep my eyes healthy while using computer?
How can I manage to eat healthier if I want to cut down biscuits and sugary meals/snacks?
What are the benefits of living a health-centric life and how would you define that life?
How do I stop caring about my looks and feeling like my whole life will be decided on my looks? It's making me depressed.
How healthy is Tutti Frutti?
Should I do physical exercises every day? For what amount of time?
How do programmers stay healthy when they brag about only eating pizza, drinking coffee and sitting and coding for hours upon hours?
Which way is the best way to lose weight along with measurement?
How do I lose weight while working and sitting in an office for 10-12 hours a day?
How can I improve my health in a week?
Why is chicken and rice considered a healthy dish?
How many hours of sleep do you believe you need each night to be rested? How did you determine that?
How do plants contribute to healthy living?
Is drinking Sprite regularly harmful for your health?
Why scuba diving can be healthy for people?
Im 29 never been to gym, 20-30 min cycling/day, 0.5 km average walk/day recently I gained some weight (176cm, 81kg) how I can loss 10kg effectively?
Do you believe that in general people want to grow, want to learn, and want to eat healthy and stay fit?
What are your favorite smart home features?
I have gained weight and I don't feel attractive to my boyfriend anymore. How can I turn myself around and lose weight?
When will humans no longer have to exercise to remain healthy?
Is their any damage to my health if I stop consuming thyroid tablets suddenly, but I started yoga?
Is coffee bad for health?
Do I have Marfan's Syndrome?
Would it help to maintain my health records?
Should kids do competitive sports in middle/highschool?
How do I lose 25-35kg in a year?
Do weight loss pills work?
Is swimming daily good for health?
What are some good exercises to improve knee/ankle strength?
I am very thin, have a high metabolism and need to build up some fat and muscle. I'm 17 years old. How do I gain weight quickly?
Can you motivate me to always exercise, stay fit, and eat healthy?
What health benefits did you notice after you began drinking more water?
Why sleeping for an appropriate time is important for good health?
Is it harder to exercise when breathing through an air mask (when dealing with pollution, like the pollution in China)?
How do I prevent myself from falling asleep at noon?
What is a good book about living a healthy life, physically, mentally and emotionally?
How come Amazing Grass' Green Superfood Energy doesn't work for me anymore?
What can I do instead of eating that will give me the same satisfying feeling?
Will people be healthier in the future?
Is 900-100 calories a day enough for a 13 year old girl?
Is masturbation really necessary to maintain one's health? Can one live and be healthy without practicing it at all?
After a gym workout, what can I do to burn fat and not burn muscles?
Is a knowledge of neurochemistry required in order to live a healthy and productive life?
What is the superb things you need to buy when you get rich?
What is the one single food I should stop eating to lose weight pronto? Im 5'9 180 lbs and love my potato chips and work out on occasions.
What should American do to help people become healthy again?
Is there a scale for how unhealthy or healthy the ingredients are in our food and drinks?
Which diet and exercise plan should be followed to lose 20 pounds in 10 weeks?
I know about exercise and eating healthy, but how do I make lasting changes that stick?
What can I do daily to improve my health?
Is it okay to skip breakfast nowadays?
How many times mastaburating per a day is good for health?
What is your best daily activity schedule to get healthy lifestyle and happy heart?
What in addition to diet and exercise plays a role in weight loss?
What are the benefits of drinking half lemon, 2tbs honey and half tsp turmeric powder mixed in warm 250 ml water in empty stomach on early morning?
What all-natural products do you use around your home?
Is there a smartband designed for health tracking?
Is there an Android app for treadmill HIIT?
How do you stay energetic throughout the day?
Do healthy teenagers die from heart attacks?
Is it a good idea to eat healthy snacks such as nuts or fruits while working?
Will I be overtraining if I train 6 days a week with a lower/upper body split?
Is anti-mosquito incense bad for health?
Is paracetamol tablet bad for our health?
How do top doctors maintain their good health? Apart from regular exercise and eating right, do doctors take supplements?
Is it healthy to lose weight without eating?
Is it true that Jackfruit is a powerful cancer killer?
Is champagne good for your health?
Is the pulp of the fruit the healthy part?
What is a way to stay happy and healthy?
How do I have healthy mind?
Do we need to have the same nutritional intake every day?
If a person looks muscular, does it follow that he is healthy, energetic and likely to have a long life span?
What are some ways to get slim in a week?
Which is healthier cow,'s milk or buffalo's milk?
Is it healthy to sleep immediately after having dinner?
What's the fastest way to lose as much weight as I can In 80 days?
What supplements should kids ages 9-16 be taking in addition to their diet?
How healthy is too healthy?
How long can a healthy person live life in the current generation?
How can you treat a pulled lat muscle?
How do I get rid of excess fat on my mons pubis?
Are comfy expensive mattresses worth buying for as part of a healthy lifestyle?
Is mayoneese healthy for body?
Can you help me lose weight?
Why am I healthier since moving to Costa Rica? Am I healthier because of a stronger immune system or because of fewer germs ? Is stress the real key?
How do I design my diet to be healthy from inside and stay active from outside?
What are harmful fruits which spoil health?
How do I maintain good health and stable mind in corporate stressfull life?
What are the health and psychological benefits of running before dawn?
Which is the best weight loss program?
How do I get rich (really rich) by working from home?
Are saturated oil good for health?
How can a scrawny and lazy 14 year old gain muscle and become ripped?
What are good companies to work in the fitness, wellness, or health food industries in Vancouver?
Can I lose weight with a 1400 cal diet?
How do I lose weight and be lanky?
Do I need to walk 10000 steps to be healthy?
Is there a scale that shows how healthy or unhealthy something is?
How can I start feeling healthy and energised?
Are soft drinks harmful for our health?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
How can I eat healthy when I live at home with my parents, have no income and they refuse to buy me healthy food?
What 'bad' habits that are actually good for your health?
What nutrition should I take in order to maintain good health?
Why do I always have terrible breath after taking a nap?
Other than coffee, what are some examples of foods, vitamins and other items that will result in vasoconstriction?
How can initiatives lead to a healthier lifestyle?
Can I gain six pack without those expensive training equipment or going to gym?
I'm 16 and weigh 280lbs, how long would it take to slim down and gain muscle?
How can I improve my food discipline?
Should I avoid regular snacking to stay healthy?
If I put in 60 minutes a day on a treadmill at fast walk pace of 4.0mph on 15 incline, is that a good routine towards burning fat?
Can I lose weight eating only ice cream?
How much do hot baths increase people’s heart rates?
Which is more Health Concern or Healthy city of India'?
What is your daily healthy breakfast?
What do you prefer eating to stay healthy during winters?
What are the five mistakes that can wreck your health?
How about Quora dedicated for Healthy Lifestyle, Health Issues, treatment and after care?
Do plants make you healthier?
How do I improve health?
What is the best known healthy diet for a person without a gallbladder?
What are the best ways to reduce fat over the hips and thighs in women, without exercising?
What are the things necessary to live a healthy life?
Does sweat help fight acne?
How does Virat Kohli maintain a healthy lifestyle to stay so fit and motivated?
If you had an extra hour in your day, how would you spend it?
I am a really busy college student. I am starting to gain weight. How many hours per week should I exercise at least?
What is the average weekly walking mileage to stay healthy?
Can a back pack injure your back?
Does drug abuse truly cause aging?
Why is belly fat so hard to lose in adults?
Do people who've never used illicit drugs feel they've missed out on experiences, or even potential emotions and feelings that their brains are capable of?
How do I shift my circadian rhythm to that of a morning person's?
What did your face look like before and after losing weight?
How can you lose weight by dieting?
How can plants contribute to healthy and Improved sleeping?
How we can take care of our health?
Can you lose weight by drinking smoothies for breakfast?
How long will it take to lose 10 pounds?
How does wearing far infrared reflecting pajamas affect your health and athletic performance?
Is sprinting good for health?
Aren't nutrition and lifestyle extremely important to good health?
How do you maintain a healthy lifestyle in such an unstable society?
Why am I gaining muscle and fat at the same time?
How can I live a healthy and happy life?
Why does my face looks so healthy after a good night sleep?
Are there any health disadvantages from smoking weed?
What exercise and dietary choices should I make to be as healthy as possible and what motivation tips can you give to help follow those choices?
How do I maintain healthy lifestyle in an Indian hostel (specifically in West Bengal)?
What should I do to have a good health fitness body in a short time?
How can I lose 90 pounds in three months?
What are the most healthy and environmentally friendly to go box solutions?
Is too much protein in the diet bad?
Which exercises are good for health and overall development?
How can I become really fit?
How important is exercising to growth?
Why do I only listen to/enjoy listening to classical music and why am I embarrassed to tell people this?
Why do people who believe we have a time to die like "destiny", live a healthy lifestyle, wear seat belts, etc.?
Is it healthy for someone who spent most of the day sitting to go for an intensive physical activity just for a few minutes?
Which types of foods can improve memory and concentration instantly?
How can I get lean muscles?
Does paneer do good to my health?
Pick one of the most important things you could do to make yourself happier. Why are or aren't you doing it?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
How is grapefruit helpful for weight loss?
What is the right diet for a long healthy life?
As a 21 year old beginner, how do I start exercising for beginners at home?
How can I maintain healthy boundaries?
Is it ok to have a Clif Bar for lunch if you don't plan to do any exercise that afternoon or is there too much sugar and too many calories for it to be a good option?
How important is protein for our body, especially for someone who wants to lose weight?
How much money do you spend daily?
How big is the home gym industry?
What diet changes need to be made when going from a cardio intensive to weight training?
Can pasting exercise demo chart posters in bedroom help to develop stretching practise habit development?
What is an effective exercise routine for a regular, 30 to 45-minute session? Objective: keep fit and lose fat.
Is there anything special about Clinique La Prairie?
Is red pepper harmful to your health?
What are your best advices for weightloss?
Is it possible for an obese guy to become slim and have 6 pack abs?
What should be added/changed to a diet and exercise regimen if the goal is having a body like that of a greek statue?
How can I lose weight, and decrease my stomach size?
If you are to eat only at McDonalds for the rest of your life, what would you eat to stay healthy and fit?
People who weigh 100 kilos or who measure two meters in height, can they reach 100 years of age?
What are the best foods to eat following an intense hour long workout in order to stave off hunger for the remainder of the day?
What are your personal/professional/business vision/mission/purpose statements?
What are some organizations that promote sports?
If you say that life is a game, what kind of a game could it be?
What are the best foods to eat for getting to that last step of finally having rippling 6-pack abs?
How can a beginner learn to box?
How should I lower stress?
Where can I find the most accurate nutrition data on-line?
Is eating 100 gm of soaked green gram with vegetables, and 3 slices of jam spread brown bread enough for a healthy dinner? As I am hoping to reduce 5 kg of my weight.
What is the function of cholesterol?
I'm a single parent interested in Aquaponics. I have a budget of ~$100 to start & no supplies. What is the simplest/basic way to start? Thank you!
What are your favorite post-workout smoothie and/or protein shake recipes?
Which foods and routines are best for fast healing and anti-aging of the body?
How do you get rid of armadillos?
What are the basics for a healthy lifestyle?
What is the effect of eating pasta and pizza everyday?
How much in healthcare savings does one accrue by engaging in daily or regular exercise?
Can sleep, clean air, exercise, and healthy living improve your general levels of motivation?
What area of the body will lose weight by cutting out soda?
What are the most interesting fitness/health-related start-ups (or products) out there?
What would you get rid of in America if you could?
If working hard have bad effects on my health, should I stop it?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
What is the best therapy to do to relieve stress?
What's it like to be happier with the way you look, after working out and eating well for a while?
Is it healthy to lose weight as it is done on "The Biggest Loser"?
What are people saying about Complete Metabolism?
What is the correct diet and exercise for me given the following information?
Why doesn't fat accumulate on the male calf?
Have you ever used self defense, and harmed someone? What did you do?
What are the best proven ways to increase your immunity?
What's the best mediterranean food or meal chart you've ever seen?
If you could live 200 years and still be healthy, would you want to?
What is an ideal diet for an Indian vegetarian, who is looking to build muscles and remove all stored fat from his/her body, assuming he/she trains 4 days a week and does cardiovascular exercises for 30 minutes 3 days a week?
How can I get lean muscles?
I'm naturally fit, why should I start to work out?
Do you find it confusing to eat healthfully?
How can I undo all the damage that has been done to my health by myself over the years?
Can I really lose weight on NutraSlim HCA?
Is having different opinions in a relationship healthy?
Why are a lot of people who exercise and compete in sports still overfat in relation to their lean body mass?
How much calories get burned by hand-gripper exercise?
Should I stop using febreeze and lysol in my house because of all the harmful chemicals in them?
How do I bulk up but stay fit without gaining weight?
What is the amount of protein that should be consumed per day to gain muscle I do not want to become buff but want to gain muscle?
Would working out for an hour a day, 5 days a week, enhance my academic performance?
What is the best pill to lose weight and lose man boobs?
I want to lose weight. Before starting my exercise and diet regimen, I want to get my body cleansed. Are there any tablets available in India which can cause loose motions?
What should a person do when feeling pain at their desk?
Age:23 years, Weight:82 kg, Height:5'6". My body mass index is 27.7 which is in the overweight category. I want to cut down my weight to 70 kg in a period of 2-3 months. What should I do so that it has no side effects and can lead to long term results?
What are the minimum basic exercises and yoga to do in order to stay young, fit, and healthy?
How do you prevent your metabolism from catching up with you as you age and are no longer able to keep up the same workout intensity?
Is it hard to maintain a good health in a busy city life?
What are the best stretches for a stiff neck?
How can I make my body healthy?
Is it generally healthy for all people to eat one large avocado per day?
Are workplace romances healthy?
Which health drink you prefer, and what makes you buy it?
What are some non traditional sports, and how famous are they?
What is the best diet and exercise for teens?
Why don't overweight people eat less and exercise more to lose weight, instead of trying ineffective and expensive diets or programs?
What do you think is more important: being healthy or having fun?
Most of the students in your class take a lot of time to play any outdoor games. How should they should try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
Will I gain weight if I sleep for three hours after a meal for maybe 20 minutes?
Why have I been so forgetful recently?
What are some muscle building and weight gain hacks?
What is the best food post workout?
What should you eat before going for a run, and how long beforehand should you eat it?
If I count my calories to the T and exercise everyday will I lose weight? I eat 1200 a day, mainly meat and vegetables. I don; t eat rice and sweets.
Are strong healthy women more sexy?
Why is fructose sometimes portrayed as better than sucrose?
What makes life healthy?
What health benefits do I get by watching porn?
Is sex bad everyday?
Is the impact of 10,000 steps a day equal to 70,000 steps a week?
Is it possible that your body starts becoming dependent on health products after consistent use at a young age?
My fat level is at 37%. I keep my diet to 1,200 calories, do 60 minutes cardio and 45 minutes heavy lifting 5 days a week for more than a year. I've only lost 5kg. What am I doing wrong?
Which are the best exercises for a healthy life?
Can skipping (jumping rope) help lose weight? What is the correct way of doing it in order to lose the maximum amount of weight?
Is there any evidence that exercise is beneficial if you're not overweight?
What are the health benefits of drinking human blood?
What is maximum healthy number of flight hours?
What is health and wellness tourism?
I'm a 15-year-old girl who is 5'7 and I weigh 120 pounds. Should I lose weight?
Can someone make me an example of a programme to lose weight and gain muscle?
How can I gain muscle on a low protein diet?
How many times did you fail in dieting before reaching your desired body?
What are the best ways to beat stress?
Why saturated hydrocarbons are bad for health?
What habits do you think make up the perfectly healthy lifestyle?
Have you tested the ph levels for your drinking water to make sure it's safe to drink?
What evidence is there for/against evolutionary change in humans since the paleolithic?
What is the best exercise for the inner thighs?
I want to lose belly fat and gain more muscle mass. What exercises and diet plans can help me in achieving that?
How can I keep motivated to achieve my goals of eating healthily and doing fitness while always changing the country I live in?
What are some health tips to live a healthy life?
What's the purpose of non-team sports?
What kinds of different seeds should we eat for a healthy lifestyle?
How healthy is Tutti Frutti?
Is paneer good for your health?
What could have the greatest and best impact on the life of a person?
Should I stay in caloric deficit after losing weight?
What is the healthiest way to sanitize dishes?
How do I get rock-hard abs?
Is 1300 calories per day too much for me to lose weight?
What does your juicing routine look like in the morning?
Can you exercise directly after eating?
How do I train myself to eat less, exercise more, and study harder using operant conditioning?
How can I start eating healthy as a teenager?
Im 29 never been to gym, 20-30 min cycling/day, 0.5 km average walk/day recently I gained some weight (176cm, 81kg) how I can loss 10kg effectively?
How could a person compose a compelling and practical, personal, professional, business vision, or mission, or purpose statement?
What are simple, healthy, and cheap meals to stay healthy?
What are the useful tricks to maintain healthy relationships?
What are you doing to stay physically healthy and for drug addiction recovery?
What are your personal goals for the new year?
Is vegetarianism or non-vegetarianism better with respect to health disorders?
Do weight loss pills work?
Are there any controversies about famous people which everyone needs to know?
How do friends help us reduce stress?
How can I remove my love handles without losing weight?
I am very thin, have a high metabolism and need to build up some fat and muscle. I'm 17 years old. How do I gain weight quickly?
I am severely obese. What will 4 years no exercise and poor eating habits do to my body and is it at all possible for me to lose all my body fat and get abs if I change my lifestyle habits?
What is the importance of proteins and lipids in our food?
Is a medical tatoo available for a healthy person?
I want to lose my weight, but my schedule is too tight for me to go out for jogging or exercises. Is there some way where I can lose my weight in my daily routine, like some diet tips?
What can my mother (59, left partially paralyzed due to stroke) do to live a happy and healthy life of retirement?
Specific marker that is elevated in liver injury due to smoking?
What is the best way to motivate a woman to lose weight?
In which countries women are the most active (sport)?
Do people care about their health?
What is the one single food I should stop eating to lose weight pronto? Im 5'9 180 lbs and love my potato chips and work out on occasions.
What are some pasta sauce recipes that don't include tomatoes?
If hair is dead, then how can it be healthy?
I'm 16 and weigh 280lbs, how long would it take to slim down and gain muscle?
What is proof stress?
What is something I can do to get fit and have fun?
How do I get rid of a stuck word out of my head?
What are some good foods and other natural methods to slow down an overactive GI peristalsis in the mornings of each day?
Why are Banfield Wellness Plans so expensive?
What do I need to do daily to keep my vocal chords healthy?
My grandparents are both pretty unhealthy. Each of them are overweight and one is a diabetic yet they continue to eat unhealthy and get minimal exercise. I know I can't make them do anything, but what are some ways I can encourage/help them start to take the steps to a healthier life style?
Can you help me lose weight?
How do I get rid of excess fat on my mons pubis?
How to live a natural life and be healthy?
Could I get toned by just doing Jillian Michael videos at home and eating healthy?
Do you know the health benefits of ginger?
What do you love about exercising?
Is it OK to drink carbonated water during a heavy workout instead of plain water?
What is the cheapest healthy and fatty food?
How can I get rid of my Red Bull energy drink addiction?
How do I reduce stress and tension? What are the best stress reducing exercises?
Will running daily alongside a healthy diet help with weight loss? How far should I run?
What are the best inspirational before and after photos of losing weight after 40?
How do we increase the immunity of our body?
What should I eat to become healthy?
How do you customize a weight loss and exercise plan for yourself?
How can a scrawny and lazy 14 year old gain muscle and become ripped?
Why are the veins in my arms bulging every since I started weight training a month ago?
What's the healthiest food item or meal you can buy for 10$ dollars or less in North America (Canada & USA) that is super healthy and fills you up?
How do I stop eating junk food?
How healthy is Yogurtland?
How can I get very fit?
What will you do to get rid of stress?
If too little and too much sex BOTH increase prostate cancer risk, what is the "perfect" number or range of times a week someone should have sex?
What is an ideal back workout to do at home?
Is it healthier to live on the first floor or on the top floor?
Why does counting calories work very well for many if a calorie is not a calorie and some say it does not work?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
Why do diabetic patients refuse to exercise and eat right?
Is the calorie contents of food the single and most important factor in dieting?
For an active/athletic individual, why are simple sugars so bad?
How can I make myself go to sleep without wearing myself out completely?
Have you suffered any adverse health effects from electronic cigarettes?
Should I stop counting calories now that I've reached my target weight?
How do rock stars live so long with all the drink, drugs and smoking?
What is a list of fruits with many seeds?
What is the best motivation for a healthier lifestyle?
Is it possible to learn squash at the age of 20?
What food/exercise combo works best to stop weight gain whilst eating competitively?
How much calories do burn after having sex?
What is the best way for a friend, family member or doctor to get a loved one or friend to exercise and eat more healthily?
How do we prolong our lives and be healthy?
What are the mobile apps that are most effective in improving people's health and wellness?
What has trial and error taught you about how different foods make you feel or how helpful certain foods are or aren't in the process of performing well as an athlete or when working out?
Why do I keep sabotaging my own weight loss efforts?
Can you make strength gains while cutting fat?
Are there any health disadvantages from smoking weed?
What are some innovative posters for diabities control and healthy life?
Is it time to start practicing with carbo loading and blood transfusions for my daily runs?
Is it unhealthy to run immediately after eating?
Is it healthy to use hairspray everyday?
What is the most uncommon health advice?
Why are we eating sweets although we know it's really bad for our health?
I'm 17 and I go to the gym every other day. What should I be eating to supplement my work-out? And how much amount?
I follow a nutritional approach to staying healthy, who should I trust when it comes to science based professional advice on healthy eating?
What are the health benefits of sunlight?
Is it better to eat poorly (fast food, alcohol, take out, etc) and exercise daily OR to eat healthy home cooked meals, not drink, and do no exercise at all?
What is the proper balance of water, electrolytes, protein, complex carbohydrate and simple carbohydrate for maximum absorption and performance during an endurance event?
What exercises can be performed at the gym to target upper and lower back?
Gyms and Workout Facilities: Which exercise will be helpful in improving the shape and size of skinny legs in men?
Do weight loss supplements help you lose weight?
What is the best food to eat before and after going to the gym?
Without food, who survives longer: a lean person or a fat person?
How do I stay motivated to exercise and eat right when I am busy?
How many days will be required to see the effect of your workout and diet?
I am trying to lose weight. Should I eat dinner before my workout? What should I eat?
What are the exercises one should do just-before or just-after a meal for improving digestion?
How can a skinny boy regenerate his muscle?
Does eating a heavy meal after working out give you the best results?
Is there any diet plan to lose love handles?
How big of an impact does exercise have on lowering cholesterol?
I am a 19-year-old girl with a height of 152 cms weighing around 70kgs. What is the ideal way to lose weight (diet and exercise) within a short span of time?
Is it possible for a lean guy to build a good physique in a short period of 2 months?
I am 21 and I am diabetic. If I manage to balance the calories in and calories out through intense workout, then can I eat like a normal person?
Does exercising make food digest?
What are some food recommendations for a strict diet?
Is strength training with a minor diet enough for weight loss?
What does it feel like to have low body fat?
What are the best meal plan, exercise program and supplements to build bulk and a strong body type?
What will happen if your body intakes too much protein? Will it help muscles grow bigger or will it have a negative effect?
What are some of the best exercises and diet that can transform your flabby stomach?
My weight is increasing slowly but only my belly is increasing, and no increase in biceps' thickness. What should I do?
I work out few times a week and I'm quite muscular. How can I lower my body fat percentage quickly whilst minimizing muscle loss?
How many cups of cooked whole grains should be consumed per day to lose weight?
I have been exercising from the last 45 days. What are some suggestions for a vegan diet plan to get flat abs?
Can a 25 year girl who ignored proper diet throughout her life look healthy if she begins eating properly now?
What is a realistic amount of weight to lose each week?
What type of diet, sleep and exercises height growth hormones in a 19-year-old male?
Where can I find a perfect diet chart with scheduled exercises to gain weight?
What diet can I go on to reduce belly fat, being a vegetarian?
If a woman is trying to get strong and muscular, but doesn't want to become "bulky", should she eat more or not?
What is the best way to get healthier in a month between jobs?
Why is it necessary to take a brisk walk after eating food?
What can I suggest to my best friend to help her lose weight?
If I eat 900 calories between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. and go back to bed, but then factor those calories into my calories for that day, is that bad?
What is the 'No-nonsense, sure-to-work Dummies Guide to go from 20% body fat to 10%'?
What are the best ingredients to put in a post workout smoothie?
Why is belly fat the most difficult, and last, fat to go?
When attempting to shed weight, would one focus on total or net calories?
I am unable to lose weight after a certain point even though I am still overweight. Why?
Diabetes: What are the best ways to control blood sugar via lifestyle/daily living (diet, exercise, etc.)?
What is the best way for a hypothyroidism patient to lose weight?
What is the best way to burn fat once you are under 18% body fat? Supplements? Foods? Workout programs?
Is it possible to be heavy but not fat?
What is the true diet/exercise ratio?
Is it alright to drink honey water in the morning (on an empty stomach) before a workout session?
What's the best calisthenic diet for a 17-year-old beginner who trains 4 days out of 7 ?
How do I stop eating and start working and exercising?
How can I convince my girlfriend to exercise?
What should be my diet if I want to begin with gym for the first time in life?
What should I eat before a workout?
What is a good beauty regimen for an aspiring male model?
Is it possible to lose weight and decrease BMI, without much change in body fat percentage?
Someone on the Internet said that you need to overeat your favorite foods to burn as much fat as possible as a possible truth. What do you think of that statement?
I really want to lose some weight and be slimmer but I just can't keep consistently exercising and sometimes can't help eating a lot. What can I do about it?
Is there really such thing as brain food and what does it do to our brain? Isn't mental stimulation and exercise enough?
Weightlifting: How much rice can I eat every day?
What should I take for energy between workouts?
How are some people seemingly able to eat unhealthy foods or large portions of healthy food without putting on weight or exercising?
What sort of lifestyle should I have if I don't want to avoid carbs to maintain a fit BMI?
I have 5 weeks until I go to the beach and want to be as fit/ripped as humanly possible. If I had to stick to the strictest diet and workout, what would they be?
Is it possible to eat junk, do a lot of exercise and have a really good body?
How often must I have green tea in a day?
What should be my diet routine to improve my health?
How much weight will I lose if all I drink is water for a week and/or a month?
Is it possible that you need to eat more in order to get your 6-pack abs?
Is it better to eat fruit immediately before or after exercise or neither?
Is it better to eat high glycemic index foods before running?
Is it essential to optimize diet with workout or only workout will do to build muscle?
What can I do with my wife who is very fat and not really willing to follow proper diet plan and exercises?
I have a pear shaped body. What should my diet and exercise be like?
How can I learn to take care of my body instead of overeating, consuming junk food, not exercising, etc.?
I always make plans to become fit but never succeed. What can I do?
What food should an Indian boy eat to get 1200 calories per day?
I am an Indian male (my eating habits are based on Indian cuisine) weighing 90+ kgs. I hate going to gym, but I enjoy jogging/walking/playing outside. What kind of exercises can I undertake to primarily lose weight? Should I follow any special diet?
Would my metabolism slow down if I stop eating but still exercise?
What is the best vegetarian diet for people going to the gym with weak digestion?
How can a 18 year old lean guy gain muscle mass on a non-vegetarian diet, without supplements, over 4 weeks?
How do I lose weight by going on an effective diet, one that I can stick to?
What are some good, uncommon strength training, fitness, and health ideas put forth by Vince Gironda?
I am a 19 year old skinny guy. How can I get a lean muscular athlete's body? Please look at the details below and answer accordingly.
Is it possible to control our body temperatures, thereby reducing the metabolic rates and helping in weight gain?
What should I eat to help grow muscle mass?
Can breast fat be reduced by exercising and/or having balanced diet?
What are the chances of growing for a 21-year-old guy?
How can controlling calories intake help to lose weight?
Is bodybuilding healthier than purely doing cardio or crossfit?
I just had this much food for breakfast. I have been eating well. How can I be this hungry?
How flawed and outdated is the body mass index (BMI) measurement? Why?
What's the best way in terms of food to gain muscle before and after working out?
Are Honey Stinger Waffles healthy?
How can I have a lean and taut body in a few months? How should my workout plans and diet be?
Is it possible to lose weight in two weeks? If yes, how much can a 21 year old woman lose?
Does a lot of oil in food make it hard for you to loose fat? I'm starting to eat a lot of Indian/Pakistani food lately and I'm pretty sure it has a lot of oil (along with a lot of spices). Can I loose fat with cardio if I eat this stuff? Or should I not be eating it at all?
Do artificial sweeteners make you fat?
Can I lose fat by eating healthy and for exercise only doing weight training?
Human Physiology: How soon after eating a meal can I exercise without affecting the overall digestion?
Would eating a whole loaf (570 grams) of purple wheat bread from a local bakery a day be that bad if you're very active?
I'm a 5'4'' Asian girl (130 lb) trying to lose inches. I've embarked on several exercise/diet regimens in the last two years only to crash on processed foods every time, despite being well-read in nutrition/agriculture/exercise. How can I stick with a plan and not become obsessed?
How does eating during exercise affect a workout?
If I'm a skinny man who wants to gain muscle mass, must I avoid alcohol?
Does exercise expedite the processing of caffeine?
I'm watching my diet and exercising, but not losing fat. Why not?
How can you create an adequate mobile exercise diet (preferably protein, non-meat) if you are a extreme fitness enthusiast ie. getting tired at the beginning of a morning workout?
Should I focus more on strength training or cardio if I want to lose over 300 pounds of fat?
How is it possible to have a heart attack if you eat healthy, exercise daily, and are not overly stressed?
I am a 23 year old skinny guy. Some of my friends told me to eat well and don't do exercise because after exercising they became fat. Some of my friends told me to eat well as well as do exercise. Which one is the correct choice?
What are the best foods to eat after late (ish) night training, about 90 mins before bed?
What do you eat before and after a workout? Is it better to eat before or after only?
Is it possible to lose weight if I'm only running and following a diet?
Can I exercise regularly while following a nutritarian lifestyle?
Are there negative effects from consuming too much protein?
What is the best way concerning diet and workout that doesn't affect lactation?
If I eat 10 grams of fat, my weight should at max gain be 10 grams. Then, why do people refrain from fats?
How many adults should a slightly overweight (by 4kgs) adult eat daily?
What are people doing to achieve the goals of eating better and exercising more in 2014?
1234
Can I lose weight by going to the gym and not gain any musculature in the process?
Health: I am 40 years old and I want to keep my body fit and firm to sustain it habituated to work at any condition. What kind of diet do I need to maintain starting from breakfast to dinner. What food habits and with what kind of exercise should I take care of my body?
What is the best way to lose 17 kgs in 4 months with 2 cheat meals and no major dieting?
Can I grow old healthily if I stop going to the gym and only dance instead?
We all hear that proper and right nutrition/diet for bodybuilding is just as important as the right exercises, but what exactly is that diet?
Do I have to stop eating junk food if I want to build up my muscles?
What is stopping people from changing their poor behavior regarding diet and exercise?
Will weight loss result in a reduction of insulin needed for type 2 diabetes?
Are nutritional supplements and powders generally bad for one's long-term health, and are they even worse if one takes them on days where they do not exercise?
Cardiovascular Fitness: What would happen if I ate something like a cheeseburger and fries and right after did 30 minutes of cardio?
Is eating 500 calorie less than your recommended daily calorie intake same as losing 500 calories through aerobic excercise if I take the recommended daily calorie intake?
How can a lazy food-holic keep himself motivated to work out and eat healthy?
What is a good diet and exercise plan for an aspiring male fashion model?
How can you plan a diet and a exercise plan to lose 100 pounds in 6 months?
What are the proven benefits of consuming caffeine for running and working out? Any downfalls?
For 40- to 50-year-old males who exercise daily, what is your LDL level?
How much time will it take to get from 11% to 6-8% body fat?
What are some good studies on what food you should consume before and after a workout for optimum results?
How can anyone reduce the problem of belly fat and maintain a good physique?
Will I gain fat or muscle if I add this protein diet to my diet?
Should I eat protein before bed?
Why can I run 7 miles and improve my time, go to the gym and workout vigorously and improve there, but feel very fatigued during the day?
What are the most essential nutrients, which foods do you find them in, and what are some tips and tricks(about nutrition) to bear in mind while consuming food everyday?
Is it advisable to eat something before a workout?
What is the best way to lose belly fat: swimming or using a gym?
What diet should I follow while I'm working out?
How effective is L-arginine as a pre-workout supplement? When should it be consumed before a workout?
Why is it so hard to start a diet/exercise plan and stick with it?
Is it true that maintaining a flat tummy depends on eating habits (95%) as compared to exercising (only 5%)?
I have been working out rigorously in the gym for 3 months. I have reduced the diet about a half and include cardio daily, but still not much effect can be seen on my fat belly or on my muscles. My weight loss is only approximately 3 kgs. Are there some better exercises or diet control plans for me to follow?
Will this diet help me gain weight and go healthy?
What would be the best diet plan?
If I want to lose a bit of stomach fat and add a bit of muscle, which should I focus on first?
How much fish oil should one take per day in combination with exercise if looking to use it to help drop body fat percentage?
What are some methods for females to lose weight, except by physiological, surgical or mechanical ways?
How could ones be achieved targeted body composition by not limiting their diet without losing muscle mass?
I'm 16 and I work out and I have a huge appetite, I bring 4 sandwiches and 2 fruits to school every day. I was thinking of eating an extra sandwich on days that I work out, is 5 too many? Should I eat something else?
How can I have a more fit body?
What can I do to prepare myself before hitting the gym (in terms of what kind of food to eat, cleansing diet, etc.)?
Do some people need more than the usual 2,000 or 2,300 calories a day?
How do you find the sweet spot between eating healthily and exercise?
I am getting fat. What is the best exercise and eating routine for a newbie?
What is the most stripped down version of a "lose fat, gain muscle" workout routine and diet?
Should I starve to get a flat stomach?
How important is it to eat immediately after working out — and how much of what type of food at what time is best for muscle growth and fat loss?
Does rebounding have legitimate health benefits and isn't really just the same bouncing one would do whilst jogging?
What are some great high-protein snack?
What causes over-eating in the time of stress and heavy work?
What are the most important nutrients besides protein for building muscle and for maximising muscle efficiency/removing limiting factors in exercise?
How can men and women develop a 6-pack abdomen through exercise and diet?
What fruit other than bananas gives instant energy?
How soon should I eat after a workout?
What can we learn about our health through our urine?
I have skinny arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured. Which diet and exercise should I follow to have a healthy body?
I'm 15, 5'8" and 136 pounds. I do not have abdominals that can be seen but my arms are quite toned. What are some pointers on workouts?
Is drinking Coke Zero bad for your health, particularly with regards to weight gain?
What should I do to become healthy without workout?
Can eating junky foods, on top of adequate healthy food, hurt your bodybuilding efforts, or will the extra junky food simply add some fat?
Anyone ever used genetic testing to determine a diet and fitness programme as offered by DNAFit?
Should I consume whey or casein protein for breakfast?
How many meals per day should I have and at what intervals for a slow muscle building programme?
When working out in the morning, is it detrimental to not eat beforehand?
Is it better to go for a walk after a meal or before a meal?
What should be the diet for a skinny guy who started body building a week ago?
Is it bad to go to the gym 5 days a week straight as long as you switch up the exercises?
On my cardio day, what should I eat a 1/2 hour before?
Is drinking milk good if I am aiming for fat loss by maintaining a low calorie diet? Also is it advisable to drink milk before a workout?
What are the best training methodologies?
Does eating dinner earlier in the evening help with weight loss?
I want to lose 12 kgs in 2 months.What diet plan and exercise should I follow. If anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?
When I gain weight it goes straight to my butt and thighs. What would be a good exercise and eating?
How tough is it to lose weight for thyroid (hypothyroidism) patients? Is it true that they would stay fat and overweight for their entire life?
Is it okay to not to have my exercise when on a food diet?
Is it hard to maintain a healthy diet while working or studying full-time? If so, why?
What causes vomiting during intense exercise?
What's the difference between making fat cells empty so they are invisible but they are still there and not having fat cells at all?
How do I keep in shape? Am I eating right?
I do half an hour of exercise daily and walk an hour as well. Porridge for breakfast, tuna and veg for lunch, and soup or some other light meal for dinner. I snack on fruit and never go over 1400 calories a day. I have not lost any inches! Advice on what more I need to be doing?
What are the key elements for being on a high, stable level of energy throughout the day?
Is this a healthy breakfest for body building and putting on mass, while keeping a low body fat percentage?
Does drinking milk cause lactic acid buildup in muscles?
What is a good food to consume after a workout?
Why do women need folic acid before they become pregnant?
Why do some fitness "experts" or bodybuilders only eat the egg white and not the yolk?
What diet coincides with me running 45 minutes a day?
Can a 305 pound 46 year old man using the Atkins diet lose 100 pounds by eating anything he wants (within the Atkins diet), eating as much of it as he wants (unlimited calories) and not exercising at all?
Is there any food a person with kidney stone should eat or avoid? What are some useful tips to prevent having another kidney stone?
Is it possible to gain muscle mass by simply exercising & eating accordingly without taking any protein supplements?
What should be the perfect diet for a gym going person?
If I continue with 30 minutes of biking everyday and only eat a moderate amount of food and lots of water, how much time will it take to burn 20lbs fat?
What is the best way to lose 20% of your body fat?
What would be the best exercise routine for an ectomorph/hard-gainer?
Exercise: Is it true your body burns calories faster if you eat after you run?
What can I do in 5 minutes a day to get healthier?
Can a pre-diabetic condition be reversed with exercise and diet control?
Which are the best 7 best fitness foods?
What diet one should be on if they are exercising their abs?
I am a hosteler & am chubby. I don't find healthy foods at hostel and my college. I get only fast food items and meals at college & at hostel its meals but I don't like the curry so I started eating only curd rice. Suggest a possible food diet so that I don't become over fat and look good and fit?
Is it natural to compulsively eat fatty foods while exercising and dieting?
What was the final straw for you and your SO that finally made you commit to a diet or routine that led you to actually lose weight/get healthy?
How will I feel after eating only Olive Garden pasta for every meal for the next 7 weeks?
How often do patients follow the diet and exercise recommendations of doctors?
Has anyone had great success with the Fit Girl's Guide eBook from the Fit Girl's worldwide site?
Is it necessary to cleanse the body before starting any diet regimen? Why and how?
Which fast food we should not eat if we are working out for abs?
If I am overweight, dieting, and dreaming about food, do I have an addiction?
What should I eat before running a test which starts at 8:00 am?
Can I increase 3 inches of height if I have the correct posture, balanced diet and I exercise a lot?
I want to go to the gym, but I'm eating less. Will eating less affect my body if I workout daily?
I'm 14, 6'1, 150lbs going to the gym everyday. What should I eat?
How can I lose weight with a vegetarian protein diet and the gym?
I'm 13 years old, 5'1 and currently weigh 83 pounds. I'm recovering from anorexia and I want to gain muscle, so I started lifting 10-pound dumbbells 5 times a week. Is this safe?
When weightlifting to bulk up is it wise to consume as much protein as possible?
What happens when you don't eat after exercising?
Are there any nutritionists on Quora who can suggest proper diet plan including timings of food and exercise for the acidity patient?
What's something quick to eat after a workout but not from a fast food restaurant?
I started going to the gym yesterday. What should my diet be like?
What is the best diet to lose 5kg weight in 15 days max?
How much time after my workout should I eat proteins to get better results?
How can I find reliable, scientific information about health and nutrition?
What exercises can I do to build muscle but not gain weight?
What are the consequences of eating fast food every day if you exercise regularly?
This summer I want to get in shape. I'm a little bit overweight, and before I start exercising I need to lose some weight. I already started my own diet where I drink a lot of liquids and eat three times less food. What is important to know while doing this?
How can I get in shape if I don't want to go on a diet?
How can we have a good body?
How much of the diet eating plan must be followed to see some decent results of Focus T25?
How much weight can an ectomorph guy gain?
What are the best foods to eat before swimming?
I go to the gym for 45 mins to 1 hour and drink 1 to 2 SoFits per day. Is it healthy for me?
What is the best carbs supplement to weight gain?
Is eating coconuts when trying to lose weight bad?
Which is more effective for people who go to the gym: drinking milk and eating a boiled egg or mixing egg in milk and drinking it?
What's the best way to bulk up on a paleo diet?
How can I form healthful habits and stick to them?
Healthy Eating: Should I eat breakfast before or after a workout?
Is it bad to eat an hour after a workout?
If you had to write fitness commandments, what would you write?
If you have a sluggish colon, what exercises can get it moving and what's a good diet for slow motility?
What time gap should I maintain between yoga and having food?
How can I reduce post-pregnancy belly fat?
Can I take soya proteins?
Why might a good diet and regular exercise not lead to desired physiological results at a desired speed?
Does the meal timing matter much for health and fitness?
Is there a book about managing adult ADHD, which has valid and proven research about methods such as diets, exercise routines and mindfulness practices for dealing with it?
What if you kept eating small teaspoons of sugar, just enough to raise your blood sugar levels but not so much as to spike a large insulin responses. Would this aid you to run indefinitely?
What is the most efficient and correct way of exercising and keeping fit?
If you've tried to lose weight using almost every diet and exercise plan imaginable, and kept getting zero results or winding back at square one, what do you think were the top 3 factors that contributed to the failure of the plan(s), and why?
Fitness: How should an 18 year old start working out, given that he's never been to a gymnasium before? Also, what diet should he follow to get rid of excess body fat?
Why do people think working out is the best way to lose/maintain weight?
Is it true that exercising and eating regularly (not healthy diet) will increase your weight more than if you didn't exercise?
How does the intake of fatty foods impact one's body as a function of physical fitness?
I'm a lean veggie guy. I want to improve my physique and increase my weight. How can I do that?
Are there any books based on gym workout and the required diet plan?
Is there anything I can eat or drink before the workout that can keep me from being hungry?
Which nutritional discovery has changed your workouts the most?
What is the best diet to develop abs?
How can one get rid of a pear shaped body?
Is it bad to work out when you haven't eaten all day?
Would drinking tea (non-caffeinated) be beneficial after a bodybuilding workout?
Can type II diabetics exercise?
What are some good home workouts and diets to help me get lean and cut?
I have just started doing yoga. Do I have to maintain a proper diet?
What shouldn't you do if you're practicing in the gym?
What is the perfect diet chart for an abs workout?
Why can't I lose weight? I eat organic, am within my macros, water only, complex carbs, lean meats, small portions. HIIT training, both my dietian and trainer can't come up with answers.
Is it good for one's health to drink tea after a workout, if it is not green tea?
What are some good foods and exercises which will be beneficial to enhance a girl's figure who has just completed her teens?
I have a belly fat even though I am going to gym from last 2 months but yet it has not reduced now I am thinking of taking diet foods how do I get rid of it?
Why am I not losing weight? (detailed diet and statistics included, this might be known as "cutting")
I want to lose about 17 kilo at least. What should I do?
I have been looking for a protein bar (post-strenuous workout) with 25+ grams of protein. However, with my tree nut allergies it is almost impossible to find something without almond flour or other tree nuts in it. Any suggestions?
I am a 24-year-old girl. I am getting engaged. I am thin and I want to gain weight within 30 days just to look the best on my day. How do I gain at least 10 kgs in 1month?
How much of your diet should be carbs?
Why is exercise bad for Diabetics?
I aim to gain a pound per week during my muscle training time, with a suggested daily 3000 calories intake. Can I gain a pound per week by eating normally?
 What is the quickest way to getting out of bad funk?
Should I prepare healthy food daily or exercise daily?
What should be the proper diet and exercise plan to gain weight and develop four pack abs?
I'm 21, 66 kg, 5'11'' and skinny. What are a suitable diet chart and workout scheme for me?
How can one lose belly fat without exercise?
What are the best food items/snacks to bulk up while I'm going to gym 6 times a day?
What happens if I lift weights, do cardio, and stick with a diet of caloric maintenance?
How do I increase my body mass?
What kinds of foods should I be eating and avoiding during a 15-week Freeletics (or any equivalent high intensity workout) program?
I'm a 28-year old male, 5'10" height and 68kg weight with a normal body. I am a vegetarian and do not eat eggs. I have low strength and low stamina. I have just started to workout at the gym. What is a workout plan week for starters? Also, a protein powder which is pure vegetarian?
How do I control obesity?
Does working out "compound" or "multiply" weight loss caused by a good diet? Or does it merely provide additive or supplementary improvements?
How long will I live if I never eat healtly and never exercise?
How can I know if my exercise and diet plan is okay?
How can I get into the best shape of my life without without the proper diet?
If I'm trying to lose weight and consume a shake with 2 scoops of whey protein, how much exercise must I get to not gain weight instead?
What are the simple and easy diet tips and exercises?
I am taking the same minimal diet which I used to take before hitting the gym. How does it affect me?
Where can I get a vegetarian diet chart for a week?
What exercises is good for getting rid of moobs?
What is the best diet and exercise program for overweight men?
Does eating immediately after exercise affect a person any differently than it would to prolong eating after exercise?
How much protein should be consumed after a workout?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day for 30-60 days with a lot of exercise and a healthy diet including protein health shakes without doing damage to your body?
Would I be able to lose weight by eating small meals frequently?
What's your favorite pre-workout snack/meal and why?
What should I eat before and after CrossFit? Is avoiding bread a good idea?
Is there anything unhealthy about exercise?
Will quitting rice help in losing belly fat?
What's the best way to get in shape when I can't do diets?
What has caused you to quit eating healthy and exercising? 
How do I become lean and strong? What would be the workout and diet?
I've seen that people serious about bodybuilding or weight loss tend to make their meals in advance. What meals do they prepare? And does it have any health implications?
What should I eat before and after a workout?
Is eating junk food occasionally okay while trying to build muscle?
What are some good diets and exercise ideas for a 14-year-old who is about or close to 4 foot 9?
What should I eat or drink before running?
What is the healthiest body fat percentage for a 19 year old female?
Is eating dry fruits good before a workout?
How can someone get fit on a vegan diet?
What should I eat if I go to the gym and what kind of protein?
I am a 22-year-old guy who is 100 kg and 6.1 ft tall. I follow a strict diet (no junk food, visit hotels very rarely) of only 2 meals a day. I go to the gym regularly. Why am I not able to lose weight?
Foods that will help you build a better physique?
Will exercise help prevent aging caused from eating too much sugar and carbs?
After workout, I feel drained. What are the basic nutrients that I should consume after exercising?
I am way too skinny, wrists like sticks, face shrunk in, etc. How do I become normal looking in a span of 4-6 months?
Is it okay to work out in the morning and skip breakfast then go to work?
What are some healthy food recipes after/before exercise?
How should I eat when pausing workout?
How can I lose weight with an apple shaped body?
I've been going to the gym for the last 3 weeks, have been avoiding breakfast, and reducing my calorie intake, but my belly is still expanding. What could be the reason for this?
How can a 17 year old female who is 4ft 3.25 inches lose 20 lbs of fat in 1–2 months?
What are the health effects of exercising and not eating after?
Is 30 minutes on the elliptical (internal mode) 3 times a week with a 1800 calories per day diet enough to lose weight?
What would someone have to eat and what kind of exercise would they have to do to lose fifteen lbs in a month?
What is the healthiest snack to have before running?
Do you suddenly feel guilty and want to do some exercise when you are about to have a meal?
Is it advisable to jog/exercise in the morning with an empty stomach?
How can I form the habit of eating healthy and exercising?
How do I prevent myself from eating a lot of food after intense strength training?
How can I successfully cut body fat percentage?
When you are doing Atkins and in ketosis, how is it possible to consume 4000 calories/day and still lose weight?
Does military diet make you lose weight?
How can I lose 20 kg in 6 month?
What is a healthier way of living for looking fit, young and beautiful while maintaining the same calorie deficit: eat less, exercise less or eat more and exercise more?
When is the best time to have a calorie/protein dense meal around a weekly workout day to make the most out of the meal?
How do I get more weight?
My wife has been wanting to take a weight loss product called "Plexus Slim"? Is this safe?
What can be done to curb weight cutting?
Can one blame being fat on being poor?
How does fat form in the lower belly? Is it due to any particular food items, or due to lack of exercise?
I am exersising daily at gym, what should I eat to increase my weight?
Is a 1200 calorie diet and exercise plan healthy?
What major can I study to learn about the influence from exercises and nutrients to the healthy growth of people (aged from a newly born baby to a fully grown adult)?
I want to gain some insight of women and weight loss (aside from what I know about myself). What is the hardest part about losing weight and why is it so difficult?
How can I be physically fit to donate a healthy liver?
Is it really possible to get a smaller waist with exercise?
I'm over 60 and slowly losing weight by eating healthier. I'm noticing looser skin almost everywhere. What kind of exercises or activities would help firm things up? It's not coming back into place like it used to.
Should I eat anything after cardio combining with strength workout?
What are some good excercise plans and healthy diets that are affordable?
How can I reset my metabolism to burn more fat?
How long should I wait before changing my diet/exercise?
Besides sleeping and eating well, what can I do to maximize my results from lifting weights?
Is my diet and exercise plan good (more in details)?
How do I boost my good cholesterol? What kind of exercises and foods will help?
Some people will never lose weight trying to eat healthy. True or false?
Why do I still suffer from acne when I have a perfectly balanced diet and exercise?
Will I be able to lose 10kg with just 10 minutes of jumprope for at least 5 times per week?
Does eating boiled eggs post workout make a good protein diet?
When you eat food and later exercise, do you burn the food you ate or stored fat?
How did you learn what to eat when you started a gym routine?
Will I lose weight if I start eating less than 50g of carbs a day?
If I eat McDonalds about 4 times a week, but am not overweight, hit the gym and lead a pretty active lifestyle, is it still very unhealthy for me and hurting me?
What is the secret to nice tight abs?
How can I lose 5 kgs per month?
How do I lose 70 pounds in three weeks?
I have body aches despite regular exercising and a good diet. How can I avoid the pain?
Is it healthy to walk right after eating food?
How can I best beat food cravings after a workout?
Can I eat every day the same thing for exercise?
These days, I do some exercise, so what can I do to reduce the pain it brings, or what fruit should I eat?
What are the good diets for weight loss?
What are some ways to not be lazy and to exercise daily?
Due to a major depression over the last 10 years I have gone from 160 to 310 lbs. The last 8 weeks I have completely changed my eating habits and I exercise like crazy. Why do I weigh more?
Besides dwelling on the negative consequences to my physical and mental health, how can I motivate myself each day to eat right and exercise?
How do I minimise fat gain during bulking?
How do I get back my focus for dieting?
What would be the best way for me to maintain my body weight?
How can I lose body fat especially on my abs? I'm a 20 year male with 30-35% body fat.
Is doing IIFYM worth the time and effort?
What should I eat before exercise if I want to lose fat?Should I avoid fruits?
How do I (teenage girl) gain muscle?
As someone who's beginning to work out, what should my diet look like?
How do I get a flat stomach as a girl, while not being too muscular?
What are the first steps to take to start losing weight?
How should one go for a morning walk, empty stomach or after eating something?
How can I gain 10 kg weight in one month?
How can I stick to a diet and after losing the weight make a permanent lifestyle change?
I am a 22-year-old male. I have been suffering from incomplete bowel evacuation for the last 5 years. I do a lot of exercises and eat healthy. How can I get rid of this problem?
What is the best eating strategy to provide energy for a morning workout?
Is it okay to go to the gym early in the morning without eating anything?
From where I should start to loos weight and get fit in 2 months?
What will happen if I do heavy workout while on a fat-rich diet?
Health: What is it best to eat at 10 PM after 2 hours of training?
Is intermittent fasting bad for stomach?
Were should I begin with exercising and getting healthier?
Can someone make or show for me diet and exercise plan?
How long after eating oats should I workout to use the carbs from the oats as fuel?
How do I get abs without working out?
Is it okay to do facr accupressure every day?
Fitness: What diet should I follow after gym to stay lean and muscular?
How do you keep yourself fit and healthy while busy at work?
If I stop working out, but eat right and eat enough, will I keep my previous gains?
Why do I binge few hours after a run?
Can someone give me a full weekly meal plan?
I'm 13 years old, 5"1 and 124.8 pounds. My goal weight is 110. I am looking for a healthy diet and excersize plan. How can I do this safely?
Is it necessary to eat 6 times a day for people that work out?
How can I transform my body, given my personal quirks?
What kind of eating and exercise regimen does the Dolce Diet promote?
Should I eat more than 1400 calories a day if I am speed skating for 7 miles AND weightlifting for an hour and a half?
How do I get a flat stomach without having abs?
What could be an ideal pre and post workout meal considering the fact that I have no time to prepare anything and I have a tight schedule to reach at the office?
What are some exercises for lower ab fat loss?
I'm a 22 year old guy with height 176 cms and weight 94 kgs. I know that I'm too obese. I want to become healthy and fit. How can I achieve that without going to gym and taking supplements?
What is a healthy diet to lose weight in 2 weeks?
What should I eat before my 8pm workout when I get off work at 6pm with a 1.5 hour commute?
Which one comes first, going to the gym or healthy eating?
How long after eating can I do yoga? Got various answers but want to know perfect one.
With a military diet, if you want to workout, can you eat after the workout? Will it damage the diet's result?
What are four body weight exercises that will transform your body when combined with a healthy diet?
Are there specific exercises to reduce belly fat?
What does Batman eat to stay fit?
What makes eating more so difficult? What can help?
How do I become healthier?
Why do some people get sick even when they exercise and eat healthy and others eat junk and are perfectly fine?
What is a low-cost healthy diet plan if one is to workout at a gym (Not for a heavy muscular body but just to remain fit and to burn some fat)?
I'm going to be fasting this Ramadan, what tips can you give me so that I can continue running throughout the month?
What is the best diet and exercise routine for a crossed Staffy/Heeler?
Weight Loss: How can I get my mom to eat less and exercise?
How do I increase my energy and joie de vivre?
If my goal is to be a decently sized lean guy, should I be on a calorie excess or a calorie deficit? Photo and details in the comment below.
Can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day, eating less, and eating more fruits and vegetables?
What kind of diet I should have in my starting days of Gym?
How can I never get sick at a residential school?
What is a strict diet and exercise plan?
What are the tips/ways to increase weight without eating multiple times a day? I am a student who doesn't have the time to schedule 6 meals a day.
I am fasting Ramadan and I am training for a 4 mile race. What should I do to fast, train, and eat in the most efficient way?
How many grams of fat do I have to eat to gain one pound?
What exercise is best to trim hips and what exercise should we do for abs? (Woman here)
Is losing weight just "calories in, calories out"?
How do I tone my body with diet and mild exercise?
I am doing gym regularly with diet plan but my weight isn't increasing what shall I do?
What should I eat before an early morning jogging?
Is there such a thing as a trans-friendly weightloss group/exercise + diet regime?
How do I start working out to get abs?
How much weight can I lose in 3 months?
Do you lose muscles along with fat in a calorie deficit?
If I did the Insanity workout, ran three times a week for 45 min, did strength training three times a week, did Zumba twice a week for an hour, and eat 1400 calories daily, is this safe? (I burn about 650-750 a day)?
What is the simple Indian-vegetarian diet plan for strength training and muscle building for 7 days a week?
What can I do to get a good physique if I don't wish to spend too much money on my meal?
What is the best exercises, diet and drugs for the hypoglycemic?
I would like to lead a healthier life, any advice? (Mostly eating/exercise but also general)
What diet is recommended when on Jillian Micheals 30 Day Shred workout?
What should you eat to optimize your CrossFit workout?
What are some simple, yet effective principles of eating for everyone who wants to be in shape to follow?
Is it true that people who are genetically fat should be more strict in their diet and exercise to be lean and healthy?
Is it okay to workout and eat healthy if you are underweight?
I exercise three times a week, I try to eat healthy, I'm seeing results in my body but my weight is higher than when I started, am I having results?
What will happen if I don't eat post workout?
Can you lose fat without exercising?
What is a good daily diet to follow when working out to lose fat?
Is it better to exercise before or after eating?
Is it bad to eat sweets and do cardio to cancel it out?
Should I eat before yoga?
How do I lose weight as a teen in a healthy way?
What are the diets and exercise for men at the age of 40 &+?
What if I Eat more and workout more?
Is it possible to lose 20kg in 5-6 months by eating healthy and less (little exercise)?
What is the lifestyle required to get rid of belly fat?
Because of my schedule, my exercise has to happen about 45 minutes after eating breakfast (granola or peanut butter or something). Is that fine?
Is it healthy to have a bad diet but to exercise regularly (4–5 times a week about 1hour for each session)?
Can a large expenditure of calories offset a high caloric diet consisting mainly of fatty foods?
How does eating and exercise comparatively impact your health?
What are the benefits of eating berries before exercise?
Is it possible to maintain a flat stomach all day, even after eating a lot?
Does eating fast lead to any malfunctions?
Will my abs go away if I eat more carbs?
How long should I wait before exercising after eating?
Would a diet of eggs and cheese, fruit cups, and canned meat with exercise be a good idea?
How do I gain 5 kilograms in one month while having high metabolism?
I can't seem to lose weight. Eating less and exercising more means I'm just emptying my bowel once every 3 days. What am I doing wrong?
How do you determine how many calories you should consume every day?
Bodybuilding: Is it possible, for an average person, to gain 34lbs of muscle in 4 weeks like Tim Ferris claims in his book 4-hour body? Has anyone tried it?
What benefits will I see if I eat and do this exercises everyday?
What diet or exercise plan should I follow to lose 10kgs in 2.5 months? I am a 24-year-old female weighing 76kg. What are some effective tips?
How often should I eat and when should I workout if I'm a skinny guy with a high metabolism? Should I be eating something every two hours in a day? Should my workouts be directly after I eat? An hour after? Please help
For the last 6 months I have been telling myself to start the diet, start the exercising. But every day I don't. Why can't I just do it?
Can one be healthy just by eating healthy food and not getting any Physical exercise?
Is it possible to get a healthy, attractive body with only proper diet (and zero or near-zero exercise)?
Is there a physiologic mechanism explaining why I feel hungrier on the following day after strenuous exercise/weight training?
I usually work out at 6 o'clock in the morning. What foods should I eat before a workout?
I want to plan my diet to get lean body, how I should start?
Has anyone used You Are Your Own Gym: The Bible of Bodyweight Exercises? Did it work?
Why do I have a big belly with no fat and how to get more lean (my BMI=21.8)?
Is skipping rope bad for health?
Is my diet badly organized for working out?
Why should I exercise before eating?
Is it okay to drink 72gms of whey protien pre and post workouts?
What is the best effective way to order bath, exercise, morning walk, green tea, meditation and breakfast in a morning routine?
Why and how did I inherit my parents' diabetes even though I vigorously exercise daily and eat healthy?
How much time should it ideally take for a 26 yr old male to reduce from 18% body fat to 10% body fat while gaining muscle?
I want to put on lean mass, what should my meals look like?
What is the best diet/exercise to help me lose as much fat as I can in two weeks?
What is the best way to prepare oatmeal and the best time to eat it if I have a workout or a training?
What kind of diet should you eat when participating in the YRG Fitness program?
If I reduce my portion size without changing what I eat and my level of exercise, is there still a chance of losing weight?
What healthy options should I eat to put on weight?
Once I have my desired physique, how do I maintain it? Specially the diet. Basically what I'm asking is do I need to have the same diet afterwards?
How is it that people can eat low calories, exercise and still be fat, but vegans can eat what ever they want and lose weight?
What should I eat post and pre workout?
Why do people stop exercising and eating healthy when working 50-55 hours a week?
Is it healthy to eat high amount of junk foods and then excercise accordingly?
What's the most efficient way to reduce body-fat percentage?
Is white bread good for fitness?
How can I have a flat belly? What do you have to eat and not to eat to lose belly fat?
Is bread butter healthy for exercise?
How do I focus more on creating healthy habits instead of obtaining superficial results like instant weight loss?
What do I eat or do after a grueling workout (or (mental) work session) to replete willpower for another difficult task?
How can I lose an inch of fat in one month?
Do facial exercises really help in sculpting the face, provided you follow regular workouts and a healthy diet?
What kind of diet keeps us fit and fine?
What do you think about my Calisthenics Diet Plan for muscle growth?
How do I improve my fitness and build a ripped physique?
If you saw an anorexic woman in the gym every day doing cardio for an hour, would you say something to her if you a had a qualified opinon?
What should me my ideal diet so that I stay fit?
What food should I eat before going gym in the morning?
I'm trying to get fit, what should I not eat?
Why is it so difficult to maintain regular exercise and healthy eating?
What’s your single biggest challenge getting the body you want right now?
What is the fastest way to lose 8kg? I am 43 year old male and do go to cardio classes regularly.
If I run 1k every day at the highest intensity I can manage, will there be any health benefits such as improved fitness or fat burning?
Is it possible to eat reasonably, work out and not lose weight?
Is running and dieting enough to get in shape?
Is it ok to exercise in the late night and hence eat a healthy post workout diet?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day healthily?
How should I develop muscle strength through exercise and diet? Have tried varying my diet and exercise routine, but did not reap the benefits...
How should one eat to get ripped?
How can you reach a 50% protein, 15% fat, 35% carbs macro nutrient ratio without using supplements?
When fat loss stops what to do?
Do more people have a hard time falling asleep at night or is it considered more normal to fall asleep quickly?
Why does it matter whether you sleep before or after 11pm depending on when you wake up?
Why do most white people go on jogs/runs?
Does a bad diet contribute to erratic behaviour in a person?
How can a person sleep even though he's under the effect of meth?
Why do humans beat, massage or otherwise physically stimulate their forehead when thinking intensively?
Sleep: Is too much sleep harmful for humans? And why?
Are obese people uncomfortable all the time?
It is said that people are basically self-interested, but actually people often harm themselves, like burning the midnight oil, wasting time, not caring about health, why?
What psychological effects are expected from long-term total Isolation?
Why do old people in villages wash their hands and their utensils only where they had food?
Are there any real effects of television watching on the development of a baby?
What exercises and food can I use to rebuild from an abdominal injury that has left me with a protruding gut?
Can coffee ruin one's sleeping pattern?
What food philosophy/habits (type of foods, eating times, amounts, combining, etc.) do people practice?
Why do some people think eating gluten gives you 'the dumb'?
What diet should I follow if I work out in early morning?
Is use of protein powders & drinks good for normal person?
How can one be someone whom everyone likes to talk to?
Which is more important for energy, eating right or exercising?
How does a person try to get out of bed when depression is keeping them in?
What first aid do I need to prepare before scaring people?
Are we really living longer than our ancestors or is that just a common myth?
Do people really eat human beings when they're very hungry?
Is entertainment necessary for human development?
Is it unusual that I always want to be alone?
How can I increase body weight?
How do I keep myself active after 8 hours of work?
Why do we find taking bath in hot water soothing?
What's the effects of talking straight?
Who has the greatest power to heal your wounds?
How do I deal with a cold in the workplace?
Do any of the advertisements about the harm that nicotine causes have any impact on the smokers?
What is Catharsis?  What are its applications? What are its steps? What types of events, realizations, or experiences create moments of catharsis?
Bodybuilding: What are the best dressings to have on a salad?
What are the most common regrets that people have once they grow old?
What happens when you laugh?
Are higher levels of anxiety positively correlated with a person's tendency to be more organized?
Complementary and Alternative Medicine: Do endomorphs retain the personality characteristics of their type if they follow a disciplined diet and exercise?
What would a human who never groomed him- or herself look like?
What is that one thought in your mind that nobody knows and yet you fight to live with it?
Is the increasing medicalisation of things that were previously considered normal parts of human experience harmful or beneficial? Why?
What are some interesting stories about the effects of someone's bad memory?
How can I become a self-challenged person?
If humans could live forever, would people take less physical risks and would death be more tragic?
How can someone get rid of mind fog, and mind fatigue?
Are hot drinks good for your health?
Why is slouching more comfortable than standing/sitting up straight?
Why do we only sneeze when we're awake?
Do elevated testosterone levels make men more likely to cheat?
Can suicide be cosiderated a psychological autoimmune disease/disorder?
Why do we take pride in our achievements when they are merely luck and judge those with less luck?
If you were a hotdog would you eat yourself?
Do you think that lazy people are beneath you, inferior to you, less than you, and not worth your time?
How did you manage to give up on something you were addicted to?
Should I sleep when I'm having a headache?
Why do humans like to eat pizza, burgers?
Are both things the same: sleeping at 12 and waking up at 6 (night-morning) and sleeping at 6 and waking up at 12 (morning-noon)?
How can I combat negative thoughts that attack me when I'm alone?
What are some of the biggest challenges you have when finding an exercise/workout routine to do? Do you face obstacles finding out What you should and How you should do the routines? What do you dislike the most about trying to start a routine/healthier lifestyle?
Some people spend more money on their image then their health, or other things that actually benefit themselves. Why do people want to look and feel wealthy?
What is it like to live without being able to feel physical pain from outside stimuli?
Why does one feel guilty the morning after heavy drinking?
What is best diet for your knees strength?
Why is there a stigma against protecting your hearing from loud sounds (e.g., music) by covering/plugging your ears?
Will someone stop perceiving depth information if one has only one eye?
Why do I keep hearing that eating after you workout is bad?
How does one convince a person with a mental illness to accept that they need professional help?
Why do we feel sleepy and exhausted while preparing for an exam ? But full of energy and no sleep at all right after we are done?
Is it a compliment to your therapist when you fall asleep during a massage?
Why is it that I want to have a terminal disease and I always fake sickness to have attention on me?
What are some examples of having shared goals with friends that made you both succeed in the goal?
What is the moment when you feel happy?
Does low concentration means ADHD?
Why do people embrace danger as though they would be rewarded for it? (e.g. People still smoke, although it's written on the cigarette that "smoking is harmful to your health")
Why do people avoid coming to counseling?
I am working 11 hours a day as a software developer. I am 80kgs I have no time to exercise. What food will help me to reduce my weight for good shape?
Why we want to pack up our body with thin blanket during fever?
How can a person re-learn how to yawn?
Does irregular eating habit affect the health of a person?
Why do people misjudge those who smoke marijuana, while cigarettes and alcohol both destroy their health and life but are idolized by the media?
Thermodynamics: Why do we feel colder in the dark?
What will happen to me if I work out 2–3 times a week and barely eat?
Is there a way to lose fat without diet, by just being careful with what I eat and exercising?
What should be the gap between two masturbation sessions?
Can sleep be mimicked by something else?
How can a physically weak person survive among strong people?
Why do most smokers think they can quit smoking?
Is comprising almond butter as my main source, perhaps only source, of fat, healthy for lean muscle building?
Six Pack Abs: Does exercising after eating carbs reduce the risk of the carbs turning into fat?
Human Behavior: What are the effective home methods of masturbation?
Why would a person exhibit a behavioral pattern where ailments are adapted?
How do I check which element out of 5 elements is dominating so that I can avoid food to prevent stomach related problems?
How do I get rounder thighs and bigger buttocks? Also, I'm very thin so how many calories do I need to eat every day?
What is the safest method to lose 20 pounds in less than a week?
Can I eat a lot of good and real food and stay healthy with exercise?
What kind of energy bars do people who do yoga like?
How does water deficiency affect human behaviour?
Why do people desire being wealthy so much?
Why do we get an urge to crack knuckles?
Why do teenagers think that smoking cigarettes makes them 'cool'?
Does nail biting cause serious problems? What are they?
Is it true that person who think less has less tension and less anger? How?
What does it mean for someone to be a "shut-in"?
Is it possible for diversity and/or tolerance to be harmful? Under what circumstances?
What is the most weight you've lost, gained or a combination of both?
Is there an optimum amount of time to eat before exercise?
For doctors, what are the five physical traits you look at to judge a person's health?
Are there particular physical and psychological traits which distinguish vegetarians from the non vegetarians?
Why do we smoke?
Is my diet going to work?
Why is it sometimes hard for some people to both wake up and go to sleep?
At what age do people lose compassion for others?
Whenever we see someone drinking water,why do we feel the urge to do the same,even if we are not thirsty?
If we give up our dreams will something bad happen?
Why do we feel like puking if we see someone else puke?
How often should one drink coffee to maximally reap its benefits?
Is there is a similar book to "The easy way to stop smoking" that can help wean people off pornography?
What do you think about making your kids suck it up when they're physically hurt?
When eating in a plate, do you usually eat first the least liked food first and leave the most liked food last? Why?
Why do some people sneeze quietly?
Why are people so sensitive and intolerant?
What is the appeal of chewing gum? Why do people chew it?
How many health problems/diseases will decrease if everyone maintains a healthy lifestyle?
What are some examples of stress that everyone encounters on a daily basis?
Do skinny people ever wish they were bigger?
Do people 'choose' to be evil? If the trait is in fact the result of environmental factors whilst growing up, is it appropriate to issue custodial sentences etc. for wrongdoing?
What causes a complete change in attitudes towards injury, hygiene, etc as we grow up?
I have been cycling for 15 days. I have cut down on carbs. What else shall I do to loose weight more effectively?
What was the prevalence of self-harm and self-injurious behavior prior to 1990?
What did you do for others that is not good for your health?
What is difference when we breathe and chest swells and when stomach swells?
Prior to defecation, is there more pressure exerted on the prostate, and could this affect arousal potential or other personality factors?
Has any Facebook app, group, or page improved the health behavior of lots of people?
Does the body benefit when we scratch it?
Why do we prefer warm water to bath whereas cool air for surroundings?
What's a diet that's good for building muscle, and cutting fat?
Out of the five or ten most likely ways I will die, which am I able to prevent?
Why do certain people shout before sneezing?
Why are human eyes so good at detecting motion?
How does pornography harm a teenager's life? How can a teenager avoid it?
When we yawn, others follow suit and yawn also. Do deaf people become affected in the same way?
How does the use of oral contraceptives affect behavior and sexuality?
Can starving yourself make you cranky?
What is so good about drinking beer and wine?
How do obese people maintain pride in their looks?
Why do people abuse paracetamol?
What are some benefits of social drinking?
Why does my mouth open while I sleep and how can I prevent it?
How do I break the vicious cycle of sleeping late and waking up late?
Zombies: Name of the virus that makes germs of disease?
What is the most convincing/satisfying answer to the question "why do you smoke?" for someone who doesn't want to quit nor to be bothered about quitting?
How would people react if diseases were only transmissible instead of contagious?
Does yawning produce melatonin?
Why do people hide their pain even when they are very hurt?
What makes us want to pick our scabs?
How do you feel about healthy rich people who complain a lot?
Why would a person start crying and shivering? What could be the underlying cause, and what could be the solution?
Is it possible that some people need much less sleep than others?
What are some of the side effects (negative or positive) of regularly watching porn?
Why wasn't masturbation called selfy?
Do doctors of all ages masturbate? Can it happen in between long hours at work?
Why do human beings feel sleepy?
Is it healthy that I badly want to be alone and in isolation?
Is the apparent correlation betwen menstruation and the Gregorian calendar pure coincidence?
According to the present research and data, how often did the early man fall sick and how did he figure out the treatment for various diseases?
How common is it for someone who has survived cancer to become more reckless with their health afterwards?
Can open mindedness ever be a bad thing?
Why are people turning to holistic health more these days?
Why do we get congested when we cry?
Why do people tell fat people that they are beautiful?
If early to bed and early to rise is a good idea, why is it so hard to do it?
How do one armed people wash their remaining hand?
When is the last time you went outside?
Does sliding mode control have a promising future?
Why do people of the age 14-17 and older smoke? Isn't it obvious that it kills you?
Why do people suddenly inhale lots of air when they get shocked?
Is it physically and/or emotionally unhealthy to lie?
Does it really feel good to smoke?
Does psychology affect how we quantify and/or perceive physical pain?
Sexuality: Why am I so horny, even when I get sex in this week more than 3 times?
Why do people tend to gain more weight in winter time?
Does one's genetics have an effect on one's happiness?
Why do some people decide to bodybuild and become massive?
How do you distinguish between an actual need for rest and laziness?
What is it like to have lived under a medical quarantine due to a pandemic, illness in the family/self, or disease outbreak?
What is it about getting older that scares people, especially those transitioning into their 50s and 60s?
Should we care about being hated by people? If not, is there any training to get rid of it?
What is the neurophysiological difference between when you laugh at others and when you laugh with others?
What are some interesting morning habits of well-balanced people?
Why would someone continue smoking?
Do more interesting people sleep less?
Why do people love?
Sometimes when I'm angry, I hit myself. Other times I've physically hurt the people I love. How can I deal with this anger?
How do I deal with a negative person who bitches about everyone else, always sees the glass half empty, is not ready to understand when I try to point out his/her negative nature, and happens to be my friend and roommate whose negativity affects my life?
What are healthy ways of having conflicts/confrontations?
Why do people that only talk about weight loss and food drive me nuts?
Why do intelligent people smoke?
Does our personal relations with people affect our achievements and success? If yes, then how does it affect?
Do people sneeze in their sleep?
Why do we feel weak after donating blood?
Why don't we drink enough water?
What is the name of the effect caused by alcohol the makes me do things which I normally wouldn't do or regret later?
Why do people smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol though they know it's injurious to health?
Why do people get knocked out after getting hit on their head?
What can be a weird tingly feeling in my head?
Why is sitting so bad for you?
What things do people do hoping to attain good health but end up harming themselves?
Is it bad to fear the dark so bad at age 14-15?
What can I do to make myself exercise every morning?
When I'm nervous, my stomach always makes strange sounds, even if I've eaten a full meal. How can I stop this? It's embarrassing and puts me off doing a lot of things.
What do you call the condition where you never experience menstruation?
What does it take to have a complete change in lifestyle?
Why do leg muscles tighten when one takes a bite of something very delicious?
What makes us smile? Are there any interesting facts behind it?
Whenever you yawn deeply does your ear become muted during the duration of the yawn?
How should a Highly Sensitive Person cope with the condition?
What part of my brain lights up when I laugh with someone as opposed to laughing at them?
Why should you not get addicted to alcohol after love failure?
What is the weird thing that happens when your nose suddenly clears up and everything just becomes clearer all of a sudden?
Why do some people faint?
How does one stay grounded while remaining open to being inspired?
Why do people drink cola even they know cola is bad for their health?
Why do people fast?
To what degree is high oxalate consumption an unrecognized health problem for many people who consume either the typical Western diet or even a healthier diet?
Is it healthier to express annoyance regularly than it is to consistently be calm, but on occasion have a massive tantrum?
Why is my body still not used to my sleeping schedule?
Does drinking alcohol help in improving human behavior? If yes, how?
Does blowing over a birthday cake to blow out its candles contaminate it by spreading germs over it?
Is being around negative people bad for you?
How many times does a person masturbate on average?
Why do some people get more "old" such as the senile type, poor mobility, slow cognitive functioning, than other people at even older ages in their 80s whom seem like they still have their wits as if they were in their 50s?
What does it feel like to be overweight and then losing the excess? How do people treat you differently?
What is wrong with my sleeping pattern?
In what ways do medical professionals follow up with patients suffering from lifestyle disorders who stubbornly neglect any lifestyle-modifications or health-related advice and yet demand medical help?
What is the physiological basis of trembling hands?
Is it common to get one's pinkie toe hurt on the house furniture?
Is jerking off daily healthy and what are the health points?
For some reason, I feel ultra-motivated only at night, but because of day time, I also start to feel sleepy. What is up with this, and does anyone have any suggestions/comments/personal experiences regarding this?
Why do fat and overweight people breathe heavier than its counterpart, fit people?
What are some characteristics of a healthy family?
Do you clench your teeth in your sleep?
Why do people feel so tired in summer?
Has there ever been a case when a patient had a DNR, but the doctor still resuscitated? And what would be the consequences of violating the DNR?
Why do some people become motion sick easily while others do not?
What are the dangers of television?
Sometimes I have a hard time connecting with other guys, what can I do to fix this?
What are the main reasons for eating when under stress? How do you overcome this habit?
Why do we kill the mentally sick but quarantine the physically sick?
Why are humans disgusted by the smell of somebody breaking wind but not by the smell of our own wind?
If yawning helps you be more alert, does forcefully stopping myself from yawning enable me to sleep easily?
How do I stop the urge to shave my facial hair?
What is the best way to answer your manager who asks you to come to the office when you are sick?
Despite health warnings, a large number of people continue to smoke all over the world. Should we be concerned, and are there any solutions?
What are the implications when smoking in public?
Why do we feel thirsty after a bath?
Why does your head hurt when you are thinking?
Why do people get so defensive and attacking whenever someone raises questions regarding the logical sense of homosexuality?
What does it mean to forget logic to stop procastination?
Apart from it being impolite, why shouldn't you point your index finger in someone's direction?
Can always being serious cause health problems?
Which vein do people squeeze to make other people faint, or is it a muscle?
Are the bad effects of marijuana underrated?
Why do we feel intense joy and unhealthy when there is congestion on the opposite lane and everything runs on ours?
Does the Medibank Private Health hub and associated marketing actually get people to change behaviour?
What triggers do you use for your meditation habits?
Why do pillows make us feel comfortable while sleeping?
Urine is a very good fertilizer. Shouldn't peeing on a tree be encouraged over peeing in a urinal and wasting it?
It seems like a ghost enters my body every time I consume alcohol--I do all sorts of weird things like calling people late at night and messaging random numbers. Why does this happen?
Are people suffering from Hashimoto's thyroiditis always tired and sluggish?
What emotion is most associated with slouching?
What are some measurable medical metrics that can evaluate if someone is in good mental and physical shape?
Why do people faint because of the heat?
What is the longest time a person can lie immobile on their back without developing back damage or bedsores?
Is it a psychological condition?
What is the optimal amount of exercise that one needs to complete to see the maximum health benefits before they experience diminishing returns?
Why do some people have hyperactivity after not having enough sleep?
Would you stand up for someone if you know you're going to get physically hurt? Why?
Why does this happen whenever I find something disturbing?
Is my attachment to my stuffed animal unhealthy?
Why do people say we are not supposed shake our legs continuously when we are in a sitting position? Is this due to a health reason or is it not good etiquette?
How can one treat low spermcount?
Why is obesity being celebrated in recent media, after people have been trying to enforce healthy body images for so long to get rid of the idea of anorexia being attractive? Why would people want to advertise obesity, which is just as unhealthy?
As an introvert, does associating with people online make you tired?
How should I react if my friends tease me all the time for being fat?
What is the best way to react when people address you as fat so often?
What are the Christian arguments against masturbation?
What are the health benefits of peeing standing up?
Why do my eyes water when I yawn? Why do I yawn so much?
Why do some people get hiccups when they're hungry?
What happens if someone skips adolescence?
When is going too slow fast?
If we neglect to take care of other humans to care of the humans under our responsibility, does this show we do not have humanity?
Is frequent masturbation normal for girls? And why do I feel bad after doing it?
How long can you bear to stay idle like when your mind hardly goes through a deserving exercise?
Why am I so frustrated when I'm physically tired?
Why do college guys drink and smoke?
What do you say to some self-obsessed people who always claim that they too thin and they don't put on weight at all, even though while looking at them you feel they are not so skinny?
How do we get people to stop drinking and driving?
What is the reason for one to yawn a lot?
Why is it that people (more often than not) advise against going to gym: myths or scientific reasons?
Why do people often become irritable when they are tired?
How often do people with chronic migraines have them stop recurring for good?
Is masturbation cheating the system?
Do obese people have to have psychological/social support to drop over 100 pounds and keep it off?
What can I do to stop bingeing at night?
Why do people say do not go outside after sneezing?
Is it a sickness to want to understand one's emotions and thoughts to the point of obsession? If so, what is its name?
Is is it normal to change opinions and feelings about stuff/people a lot all the time? Like multiple times on the same day
Why do people become so tired once they reach 30?
Why do people worry about their health?
As we age, do we actually get more hungover or are we just drinking more?
Why is it so easy to stay awake until 6am but so hard to wake up at 6am?
Why am I more hungry when I'm not going to school.
Is it true that masturbation makes people dumb? Is there a scientific explanation behind it?
How many people are CPR certified?
Give me some tricks for masturbation?
How much faster do people having a chronic depression age?
What does craving for ice chips shows? Is it a disease or a normal behavior?
Is it possible to think yourself better from certain minor aches and pains?
Why are most people careless regarding their own health in spite of being well-educated and wealthy?
What is concealed in human ovulation given that human menstruation is absolutely obvious?
Do more crimes and fatal accidents occur at night? If so, are there overall benefits to reversing the typical wake-sleep pattern?
How do so many people manage to function perfectly well when they are evidently unhealthy and rarely exercise?
Would you eat food off the ground?
Are fat people limited in bed?
Why is plastic not being banned, even if it is considered as one of the things that will eat the entire world one day?
Why isn't there a cure for mental deterioration and panic disorder when so many people are disabled, homeless inefficient and simply broken?
Is it worse for one's health to lie down than to sit while reading, writing, watching TV, etc.?
Why are there so many people hating on girls being skinny, while one of the biggest diseases of the Western world is obesity?
How do people cope with having chronic paresthesia?
Why are some people much more prone to addiction than others?
Why does the same person is treated nicely when she looks good, but treated badly when this person does not look as good anymore?
Why are we so hesitant to go for medical examination when we are ill?
Recently, I've found myself completely sapped of energy and motivation. Could it be due to stress from recent tests I had taken?
Is it true that people hesitate to tell their children reality sometimes, even though they know it might harm someday?
Why is there more rush at a wine shop than a milk shop?
Is masturbation bad for sportsmen?
Is cynicism healthy? Or is it a sign of depression?
Why shouldn't we judge someone by their drinking habits? Isn't drinking a bad thing?
Why do people feel the need to give me glares and go out of their way to forcefully cough in my face?
Nowadays people struggle with stress. What's the reason?
Does daily masturbating lead to depression, anxiety, and weakness?
Why do people consider fat women "real" and skinny women "fake"?
Is it normal to feel lazy after meditation?
Is it possible to get the caffeine effects without taking it?
Is being sarcastic bad for your health?
Why do some people have trouble sleeping with the lights switched on, even though we sleep with our eyes closed?
Why do people make such a big deal about STD's?
Why is it whenever I don't sleep for many days I become extremely emotionally sensitive, negative, and immature? Is this normal?
Why do people smoke when the risks are so serious?What can be done to discourage them?
Is it normal for the ribs and backribs to show?
Hypothetically, if a person was in a well-cushioned elevator and the cable snaps on, say, the 20th floor, would the person survive?
Which is a good genuine group on net to help obese people like me?
Is forcing a smile a better behavior than allowing smiles to come when they do?
How can narcissist become healthy?
Do people who sneeze incredibly loud do so intentionally?
For what reason does an infant stool become dark green?
What are the consequences of masturbating everyday? I masturbate once a day and sometimes its thrice? Is it normal?
There is a belief that shaking the legs is considered a bad behaviour. Is there any scientific reason behind that?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Why would you want to break your own wrist?
Why do some people breathe from their mouths?
What is it like to get rid of all emotions?
Is it normal to wash your palms every 10-15 minutes?
How does smoking marijuana in the long-term affect your personality and thinking when sober?
How many people actually wash their hands after they pee in the privacy of their own home?
Can stupidity be cured?
If hypnotherapy really effective to change behaviour?
Why is the risk of a stroke in young people on the rise?
Why do people make me sick?
Why do people snort pills?
Why do people close their ears when vomiting?
How can we get young people to care more about their health?
Is there scientific evidence that people are more likely to get ill before exams?
Why are people cling so strongly to alternative  remedies (i.e., "therapies" for which research has failed to prove their efficacy)
Do people with prosopagnosia see faces and don't recognize them or are the face blurred?
If people say "depression and anxiety is caused by heart problems in any age " while doctors say that the heart is functioning normally then what does that mean?
Why are many people so focused on preventing hair loss and on growing more hair?
Why are cigarettes still sold even though they are harmful?
What would cause me to randomly cry when I wake up?
Why are people indifferent about their health? Why do so many people smoke and consume fast food while they are all aware and educated?
Can weak people with a weak digestion and immune system join a gym?
What would be the possible reasons for woman to stay inside of home instead of being out?
What kind of people don't floss their teeth?
Why are some people more energetic?
Why do people drink coffee with 6 creams and 5 sugars?
Why do people still think that video games are harmful for your health?
Why do people make fun of obese people?
Is drinking acohol bad?
Does cuddling with a dog relieve stress?
How often do people have little symptoms that they don't go to the doctor for?
Why do some people speak the name of god(s) after sneezing/yawning?
Why do smart people often collapse?
Health: How do I stop a yawn in its tracks?
Does everyone always shower after taking a poop if possible?
Do other people pound (bang) on their head when they have a headache?
Is it normal for someone to be scared of becoming an amputee? Is this normal?
Why don't some people care about their own health?
Why do people get sick after finals week?
Why does the style and sound of sneezing vary from person to person?
Is homesteading going to go away since most people rely on the supermarket?
Why are there so many Americans who feel stressful?
Which type of swimsuit is the best for thin-framed people?
Why do we get sleepy?
Is it normal that sometimes the thought of killing myself gives me a sense of relief?
Why can't people stop drinking though they know it's bad for their health and it makes some conflicts or a miserable life?
How do I smile more?
How do you manage stress as a waiter, when people don't tip?
How does people without large intenstine survive?
Why do we always look at the water in the glass before drinking?
Why does vaginal sexual intercourse feel different with different women? Are all vaginas the same or, if not, what causes the penis to feel different?
Do people get phantom pains during withdrawal from opioid painkillers?
Why do people consume alcohol despite the awful taste?
Is it possible to be addicted to something you've never had?
What are the ill-effects of not crying when you should?
Are there any risks for my health if I try to switch from being right-handed to left-handed?
How do you treat autosomal aneuploidy?
Why do some people get hiccups when they eat?
Why are so many people in America allergic to peanuts?
What are the benefits of resisting yawning?
Why, and when, in time did humans start sleeping on the bed?
Why do some people get nauseated when they play or watch first-person-shooter games?
Why do people start drinking?
How do I manage hunger with no appetite?
Can fasting reverse the sleep-wake (diurnal) cycle back to its natural rhythm?
Do people get time to exercise after graduating from the IIMs?
Why do people get tired so easily?
Why do we feel stress?
Why do people get cold and fever during exams?
Why don't we eat healthy?
How can I cure myself of my masturbation problem and conquer my demons?
Does poor customer behavior make employees stressed out?
Why are some people prejudiced against overweight people?
Is it mean to act like a normal person when someone close to you is not well?
How do physical dysfunctions come from repeated motions? How does the assembly line shape the behavior of the workers?
How much do people fart?
Why do some people condemn consuming alcohol (health reasons)? Don't they know anything not in moderation has ill-effects?
Why does people get bald at younger age?
How can I stop going to the bathroom in the mornings?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Why is Ovaltine healthy?
How do I create a balance between working hard and having a healthy life?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
Is it healthy that I eat 10-15 servings of fruit and vegetables per day?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
Is it healthy to use a sextoy all the time?
As someone with an ACE score of 10, what can I do to keep my body healthy?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
What are the challenges in engaging Health and Wellness industry?
What is the perfect routine for a healthy life style while working in continuous day & night shifts?
When are you living a healthy lifestyle?
What can someone do in order to be healthy if they are thin?
What are some of your best healthy life tips?
How healthy are Americans?
Is Cellotherm treatment good for health?
Does canned food always have preservatives, even if it's not listed?
Why do people say that slouching is bad for my health?
Should we accept obesity or help people get thinner?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
Why do some people continue to insist, despite the evidence, that being fat is healthy?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
What do we have to do to have a healthy, full lifetime?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
How do I keep myself healthy in a factory that isn't climate-controlled?
Why does John McDougall look unhealthy?
Which is better, Accretive Health or Concentrix?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
Is it good to go for a health card?
Are beeswax candles good for health?
I'm too lean and thin. How can I improve my health after the age of 24 (Please read description)?
Is using lubrication during foreplay healthy for men?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
How can you stay comfortable and healthy working and sitting at a desk all day?
Are there any negative health ramifications as a result of drooling in your sleep?
How much should I weigh with a healthy body fat percentage?
How is it possible to have Vitamin B12 deficiency even if I drink a lot of milk?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How can I maintain my health without the gym?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
Is wine good or bad for your health?
How can I talk my parents into having a healthy life style?
How do I keep healthy as an architect?
Haw can I increase my personal energy?
How do we know that being "fit and healthy" is good for our bodies?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
How healthy are craft beers?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
Are there long term health risks as to cracking ones knuckles?
How bad does it burn when you drink bleach?
How much time should we spend in front of the TV for a healthy life?
What are the benefits found in lemon tea with honey?
What are the five daily practices for a healthy life?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
Is running or cycling bad for your long term health?
What habits do doctors recommend for young people to adopt to have long and healthy lives?
Is it unhealthy to exercise in the morning before soiling?
What are some tips to stay young, mentally and physically?
Have you experimented with caloric restrictions as a method of extending your life?
Have you heard about transdermal medical CO2 therapy that significantly improves microcirculation?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How do I heal my damaged vocal cords naturally?
What is the best and easiest way to stay healthy without spending lot of time?
Does Qvar inhaler really treat asthma?
Could you survive and be healthy by only sleeping in 90 minute intervals?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
Do you feel overwhelmed with the different kinds of diet out there like anti-inflammatory diet, paleo, etc.?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
How can I improve my heart's health?
Can a covert narcissist live a healthy life?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
For people who regularly do Surya Namaskar, what are the health benefits other than losing weight? How long does it take for one to see those benefits?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
Are nightmares good for health in any way?
What were the healthy habits followed by ancient people in India?
Is cycling 15km everyday for a commute sufficient exercise for a 35-year-old male to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
How can we live a long and healthy life? If one has a lean muscular body with a fat percentage of around 10%, does that mean they can live longer?
How does one make healthy choices?
Would you rather be constipated or have diarrhea?
How does chow mein affect our health?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Are expectations healthy?
How can I maintain my health?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
Are samosas good for health?
How can I identify as to which component of milk am I allergic to?
Is water fasting bad for the health?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
How can I get a healthy and attractive body after the age of forty years old?
Drinking coffee in the morning, which I need to function, causes overactivity in my gastrointestinal track. What can I do to counteract this?
How do ambers help improve one’s health?
What are some health benefits of louts?
Will artificial water harm our health?
Are pistachios good for health?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
What should one do to remain younger and healthy always?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
What's the best way to make sure you're healthy every year?
What should be my routine in Kota to stay healthy?
Is it easy to work in big law but still maintain a healthy life with kids?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
How do you keep a healthy lifestyle?
What are some signs that you should bring your parent to the doctor?
Can a dialysis patient eat fish soup or not?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
Do we live healthier lives than before?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
How do I maintain my health at the age of sixty?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
Is rowing on the Thames around Putney bad for your health?
How can I relax my forehead and develop a healthy brow?
Are cornflakes good for health?
What is the healthiest lifestyle lately?
How harmful is it for your back or body to use your laptop, while sitting in your laptop chair and putting your legs up on your bed that’s nearby?
Which food is good for health in children?
Why do we expect physicians to advise us to stay healthy?
I've been physically inactive since I was 12. I'm 19. How much harm did I do to my health in the long term?
How do I improve my lifestyle with integrated health practices?
How can I keep my liver healthy?
How much water should an adult, aged around 25 years old, consume daily in order to maintain his good health?
Is RedBull really that bad for your health?
How much money do we need to earn to maintain a socially healthy life in the Indian metros, nowadays?
What is the name of a good thyroid surgeon in Delhi?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What are the simplest things you can do everyday to improve your health?
Are there any risks from taking the supplements designed to increase glutathione?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
Which is the better way to get coconut meat, heat method or freeze method?
How can I keep myself healthy?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Is a toilet's flush valve intentionally placed on the right side (as you stand in front of the toilet) to minimize contamination?
When would working out compromise your health?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
Are Kellogg’s Oat Bites healthy?
I’ve been trying to lose weight for about 4 months. I am halfway to my goal but these past two weeks I have reached a plateau. How do I switch it up?
How can nurses keep themselves healthy when they are working different shifts patterns every week?
What are the best foods to have on a regular basis?
Why is mercury bad for our health?
Where can I get healthy tips and health coaching?
If you could live for a thousand years while being healthy and active, what would you do?
Is Lactaid healthy?
What should I do to stay fit and healthy this summer?
Which is the best way to maintain a healthy lifestyle, yoga or the gym?
How are herbicides harmful for our health?
I shit at around 11AM. How can I change this time to 8AM or 7AM?
Will god punish us for masturbating?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
What are the best ways to teach your kids healthy habits?
Is BHT bad for your health?
What are the best arguments I can give my parents to live a healthy life and continue learning?
Can smartphones damage your health?
Is Maggi noddles no longer harmful to one’s health?
How does one reverse one's age appearance at 30 years of age considering that person is already living a healthy lifestyle?
How much money do you think a person should spend in order to eat well and stay healthy?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
What is the best way to live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
What are some facts about hot tubs and infections that will help you to stay healthy?
What's the best gel insole for a 56-year-old man (Size 7 shoe) who works as a cook and standing all day in a restaurant?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
What are the ways to keep the pancreas healthy & active?
What is your concept of healthy ageing?
How can I get a healthy brain?
Are "healthy oils" (coconut, olive, rapeseed) still healthy when used for cooking?
Does adding a lot of spice to your meals have a negative effect on your health?
How do we become deeply happy, very healthy and live long?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
Will HPV be contagious after it is cleared from your body?
What is the best spa franchise in India?
Can you get TSS from using a pad/sanitary towel?
I recently got diagnosed with HIV. I plan to change my lifestyle so that I could live a healthy life and turn my life around. What should I do?
Are lice bad for our health?
What are some of the best extempore topics?
What are the best health tips for childrens?
How is National Health Policy 2017 announced today?
Which healthy habits are good for our daily life?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
Is there an increased risk to get stomach diseases by drinking soda or energy drinks?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
How do you change a stubborn, harmful habit that you've failed to change over the years?
How do you keep lysosomes healthy?
What is your definition of a healthy dessert?
Are throwing glass jars a healthy way to vent anger?
How do you maintain a healthy spine?
Why do doctors say to stop using spices when these are good for your health?
What are your personal experiences with the "tabata workout routine"?
How much heterozygosity would be needed in a person's genes to be genetically healthy?
What are disadvantages of good health?
What healthy foods can I blend in a blender to make healthy smoothies, milkshakes and juices?
How do I reduce my sleep hours to nearly 3 to 4 hours?
What are the safest ways to keep your reproductive system healthy?
What do you do for your health?
Why is healthy competition considered good?
How do I live a healthy, long and energetic life with onion and garlic free food?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
How do we develop healthful desires?
Should I avoid seeds, nuts, grains & legumes-unless "properly" processed-due to the antinutrients leading to gut issues, tooth/bone decay & more issues?
What will happen if a person spend many days at a stretch either standing or sitting, but not lying on bed or flat surface?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What factors control the human heart rate? What can cause it to go down?
How can a beer lover lead a healthy life?
How do you make sure astronauts are mentally healthy during their stay?
Is monosodium glutamate good for one’s health?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
What is the minimum amount of masturbation to stay healthy?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
What consists of a healthy lifestyle that I can adapt immediately?
If I bleach my hair every two weeks, what negative effects would occur to my health?
How much hour of sleep is sufficient for a person above 18 to stay healthy?
Is severe itching a symptom for a sexually transmitted disease?
Aside from genetics and healthy living, do cranky people live longer than placid, accepting people?
Mr. Anurag, how do you keep healthy?
Why are health and hygiene important in our life?
Are steroids really bad for one’s health? Are there any scientific studies about that?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
What everyday habits do you practice to maintain a healthy physical & mental lifestyle? How do you balance it with your family and leadership duties?
Is tandoori roti good for health?
Is studying a lot, bad for health?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
I have been obese since I was 17, and am turning 19 in December. Do I still have a hope of growing taller if I lead a healthy lifestyle?
How do I know if I am healthy?
What are your biggest struggles around food, feeling good in your body and a healthy lifestyle?
How does eating healthy lead to a happy life?
What are lifestyle habits that keep you healthy?
Is sleeplessness/less sleep bad for health? How?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
Why are the reports on the benefits of health foods so conflicting?
What habits do doctors believe lead to a healthy life?
What is your secret to stay young?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
How is it that people live despite disease and die despite being healthy?
How can one get healthy and heavy hair?
Why is travel healthy for you?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
How can I keep my tresses moisturized and healthy? What basic products would you recommend?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
What is the best way to avoid health issues and lead a healthy life?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
Which is the best fitness app for a healthy life style?
What should healthy boogers look like?
Is Quora a healthy habit?
What are some key things you perform daily for optimal health?
How do I modify workout in summer to stay fit and healthy?
What is the importance of the wellness triangle?
What is needed for healthy fertilization?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Is it normal to feel tight in the heart, slightly short of breath, anxious, die out for a second & be sore on the side of the neck a day after taking Benadryl?
Is sabudana good or bad for one’s health?
How do I stay active without eating healthy?
Does pepper make one live longer?
Most nights I am waking up completely soaked in sweat. Why is this happening?
Is female sterilization bad for your health in the long run, since the natural cycle is being halted?
How do excessive video gamers maintain their health?
Is drinking a lot of water before sleeping bad for health?
Is sleeping on the floor or firm surfaces really better for posture and back issues?
How do I convince myself to make health a priority?
Is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau doing the right thing to legalize marijuana in Canada? Why or why not?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Is it possible to have too much iron?
What are good vegan meal plans for a very active person that is looking to gain lean weight (3500 calories daily)?
What is a list of things that I'll need for moving into a room that I'm renting from someone's apartment? How can I maintain my bulking diet?
Is smoking and drinking really bad for your health?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
How do I get a good lifestyle?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
What are tips for good health?
Is cardio necessary to keep the heart healthy?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Lately, I've been trying to eat healthy, exercise and drink loads of water, so why do I have a bad stomach all the time, since starting this?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
How could we improve our dance cover?
It is true that we can/should eat a lot at breakfast?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
Is orbit is good for health?
Are whole lentils more nutritious than whole wheat bread?
Is it healthy to drink wife's urine if both are keeping good health?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
What are some of the best healthy habits, for people working in irregular shifts?
How does society maintain order so that it will persist for a long period of time?
How can I adjust my sleep to stay healthy while working shift work?
When will people try to change their food habits to be healthier?
Why is Apple juice good for a person?
How does positivity make you healthy and successful in life?
Is eating cilantro bad for health?
How can I stop making excuses and actually start to exercise and eat healthy?
Do young, healthy people sense if they will die soon? How?
How do I maintain a healthy lifestyle while working in a night shift?
I'm a smoker. How do I keep myself healthy without quitting?
What is the best thing to do after overeating?
Why do my balls feel radiated when I'm on my iPad? When I'm not on it the feeling goes away
Is Zamzam water good for health?
Is too much sleep good for the health?
What is something that everyone should do everyday, anywhere, and at any time of the day to stay as healthy and fit as possible throughout their lives?
How can I become healthier within 1 month?
How do healthy habits help people live longer lives?
Where do I begin to change my mentality, my way of living and my current path to becoming more than a victim?
Is bronze good for bone health?
Are there any benefits to long distance walking?
Are there any circumstances that would justify regulating profits from pharmaceutical products?
Why do people continue smoking despite packet labeling indicating that it is harmful to health?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
Why introverts always score good in academics?
Are bananas, oranges, bread and water the minimum different foods you need to live a healthy life?
What is a good healthy alternative for cornstarch?
Why do we need vitamins?
Water softener, is it healthier?
Why can't we stay healthy throughout our entire life?
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
How can I simply maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Can I be healthy but not fit?
What are some of the pros and cons of living in the countryside?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
I do not know how to sit elegantly on a bean bag & I feel like a vernacular ungrommed loser. What should I do?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Should I be concerned about my health benefits for the future when I'm overweight?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
What are some of the medical tests one should undergo regularly/annually to ensure a healthy life?
What activities do you do regularly if you are a male teenager of 16?
How do I keep my health good?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
Why do successful people sleep so little and how do they do this?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
How can we make ourselves healthy?
I suffer from acne. What treatment is recommended?
Why do successful people brag about how little they sleep, is sleep not important for health?
Is limonene good for your health?
Why am I struggling to lose body fat percentage?
I am going to turn 16 very soon. What advice do you have for me?
Are there any negative feedback/side effects of a one month intake of UAE's Nutridiet shakes?
What is the best supplement, vitamin or health product that can regulate blood vessels so that they can optimally constrict/dilate?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
What is it like to have a relationship? How do you maintain a healthy one?
Is the consumption of Revital H good for one’s health?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
How do we organize a healthy lifestyle in small residential complexes?
What is necessary to maintain health?
Why is saltwater bad for health?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
I've read that "God should come even before a healthy body", now I don't want to be healthy. How do I get over this?
How can the Japanese have the highest rate of stomach cancer even though their diet is mostly healthy?
What does a healthy male body look like?
How much vision can a healthy man have?
Is wearing Rudraksha good for your health?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
What are 5 ways to stay content and healthy?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How can I make getting fit, skinny and eating healthy easy and simple as a teenager?
How many years on average do married men live longer compared to single men?
How is Jaljeera healthy for us?
Where and how can I market a business in health and wellness? Please be specific.
What does a reality based healthy male friendship look like?
Which is the best Nutraceutical diet to follow in order to maintain a healthy life?
Is cocoa good for your health?
How accurate is the book "The Wellness Sense" by Om Swami?
How did you motivate yourself to exercise and control eating habits when you had chronic severe headaches?
Is The Chickery good for one’s health?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
How do you make yourself want to change when you're not motivated?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
What is a good, healthy way to stop flashbacks when you have them?
Is eating unsulfured & unsweetened dried fruit bad for our health?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Is it because I crack my knuckles regularly that I can't make a tight fist?
Should I take medicine to look healthy?
Are tattoos good for your health?
How one can lead a successful, happy and healthy life?
Healthy living makes me want to die. How can I find a balance?
Is soybean oil good for one’s health?
How do we use the Fibonacci sequence to differentiate between healthy and sick lungs?
What are the lowest doses of resveratrol and coq10 that could have health benefits without any long-term health risks?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
Is (or could) drinking olive oil good for the stomach?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Is dining out bad for the health?
Is it healthy to drink lemon water daily?
What are the healthy facts about Papaya?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
I heard about Varco Phyto Oil as a remedy for varicose veins. Is it effective and recommended for phytotherapy?
Is it healthy for someone to wrestle with their partner?
What are your suggestions for a name for my healthy living blog?
I have a neutered male cat (8 months old) that I adopted from a shelter. What are some ways that I can improve/maintain his health?
What are the best places for bikini waxing in Pune or Mumbai?
What are some good cross body health exercise?
Is parotta good for our health?
Is using ashwagandha or shatavari good for health?
Can a smoker lead a healthy life?
Are late night suppers bad for health?
What are the most popular concerns about healthy lifestyle?
What's the maximum working hours to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
Is there time to workout and stay healthy if I become an airline pilot?
How does computer maintain its time even it is switched off for long time?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
Is sugarcane good for the health in the summer?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
Is depression healthy for life?
How do I keep myself healthy while on the night shift? And how do I sleep in the morning?
Does intense migraine and tinnitus serve as a disability criteria in India?
How do I get into the routine for a healthy life? How do I get the motivation?
What are the best things to keep in a relationship to keep it healthy?
Are cooking sprays good for health?
Are water stains on sleeping surfaces bad for health?
How exactly did David Dao get a concussion during the United Airlines incident?
What are your favorite Greenways in the US for biking?
What food should one consume most days to live a long and healthy life?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
How can I live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager girl?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
How can I lead a healthy life as a hosteller of a college?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
Is douching with vinegar and water safe?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
Would you experience any negative health effects if you put only water in an e-cigarette?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Is exercise bad for you?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How can I quit my TV and phone addictions?
What does healthy soil have to do with me?
Has anyone gotten ill after leading a healthy lifestyle?
Why is the per capita spending on healthcare so high in the US?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Has the Roost Laptop Stand made a significant difference on any part of your body?
Why do some people have completely clear skin even with a shit diet and little to no exercise, whilst others have acne with a healthy lifestyle?
How do I start being healthier?
Sunlight is healthy, but at what point does it become harmful?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How hungry or full should I be at bedtime for optimal health?
What kinds of activities are good for children’s health?
Can you live a healthy life on a diet that contains no carbohydrates?
Why do some people get cancer even though they lead a very disciplined, healthy lifestyle?
Is Enduramaas beneficial for your health?
How do I practice picking the best watermelon and under what conditions can I apply each method?
Compare a single water fast of over 10 days vs intermittent fasting for several months. Would the health results not be similar?
What are some healthy alternatives to Funyuns?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
Is gomutra good for health?
What is the best physical exercise for good health?
Are there any health benefits associated with regular consumption of cucumber?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
How can you maintain bone health?
Is mixing ORS and glucose for daily consumption bad for health?
How do I stay healthy and fit in this hot summer in India?
What is the least messy way to cut and store a watermelon?
What is the secret of staying healthy in Ramadan?
Do we know all of the carcinogen chemicals in plastic and cans, or are we still uneducated and risking getting ill from "BPA-free" items?
Do sauna suits have the same effect as sauna?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
How are there dietitians and nutritionists that are clearly not close to being in good shape? Would you trust their rules?
What is your opinion on safe and nutritious food for healthy life?
What does healthy lifestyle entails?
Is sitting on a stool that causes no blood circulation in my legs bad for me?
Is Herbalife bad for your health?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
How much hours should we sit a day?
What is the best way to a physical and mental, healthy life?
How can one have a healthy thinking?
How can I stay healthy and be happy on low income?
How can we stay young and stay simple?
What do I need to do if I want to live long?
Can someone following a healthy lifestyle and healthy food habits live 100+ years, or is this just a myth now?
What should one do in order to resist temptations and to maintain a fully stable, strong, healthy mind?
What is the ideal diet to keep one healthy?
Healthy tips for one who does rotational shift?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
What are the characteristics of a good health?
Why does being healthy and fit bring a smile to your face?
If you live in an industrial area, is it harmful for your health, or is it something else?
Is sleeping after 10 pm detrimental to your health?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
Is industrialized agriculture good for us? How is our personal health affected?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
Should friends share the same values? What might be those values?
I sit at a desk all day. What can I do to maintain good health?
Is chicken bad for your health?
What are the things you do daily to keep your home clean and germs free?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
I'm in the process of starting a Superfood supplements business. To what extent can I offer nutritional advice?
Is libido healthy?
What are natural ways to combat tiredness & lack of energy?
Who told the American public that GMOs are bad for health?
How do you stay healthy in summer?
Which ingredients should I pick in Subway for the healthiest possible sandwich?
What are some healthiest habits I could add to my routine?
What tools do you use to keep your mind healthy?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
How do our bodies become acidic?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
What are some of the best doctors' for a healthy life?
How do I adjust to a work environment with just my left hand? The other is in a hard cast from a hairline fracture at the wrist. I am right handed.
How can I live a healthy life as a college student? I have time management issues. Can anybody help?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
What are some of the best way to stay fit and healthy if you are a busy student?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
How do I stop binge eating all the time?
Should we force overweight people to lose weight for the same reasons we force people to wear seat belts, on the pain of sanctions?
Should I eat avocado seeds? Are they poisonous?
Is having WiFi at home harmful for our health?
Why is it necessary to work out the muscular system with physical exercise to be healthy as far as the AHA is concerned?
What should I eat on a regular basis that's healthy? I'm working on my building my abs.
How much, in matters of health, do you win by having an extremely healthy life?
Should people just accept their body as it is (as long as it is healthy, of course)?
Why some people stay strong and healthy when they get old while others don't?
How long will I live if I eat right and exercise?
How can people maintain healthy weight while on grain free fruit and veggie diet?
If turmeric is so healthy, why isn't curry a health food?
People in their 30s or early 40s: why aren't you doing as much sport as when you were in your 20s?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
Is 10 thousand steps enough in a day to be healthy?
Why is bioacoustics health?
Is it bad if can't sleep?
I want to be outdoors all day, not inside an office or at home, how do I achieve that?
Why are men less concerned about their health?
How can I improve my health conditions?
What are alternatives for the foods that I might be allergic to? I want to gain lean weight and I need a variety of foods to reach 3500 calories daily.
How do I maintain high energy levels being overweight?
What can I do now in my mid 30s to have a healthy life in my 40s?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
What are some tips for working long days in a healthy way?
Is running every day good or bad for health?
Where are the cleanest places to live?
Is sleeping on the balcony healthier because of the fresh air?
As an unemployed executive, how do I stay sane & healthy? I have been out of a job for a month now. What good things can I do until I get a job?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Does the total amount of calories decrease when baking foods—especially meats—or does only the total fat reduce?
Why do healthier people have large stools?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
What is the best fit exercises?
What is ceragem treatment?
What is the mindset of fit and healthy people?
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: "A healthy body is a reflection of a healthy mind. A healthy mind is a reflection of a healthy body"?
How can I have sex daily and still have a healthy life?
How many cloves should a person consume per day for good health?
How many times a week should I masturbate to remain healthy?
Is excessive sleep bad for our overall health?
How do you manage your bad habits when no one else is around to hold you accountable?
What are some ways to stay healthy even if you spend most of the day sitting down?
What does the wellness triangle indicate?
What climate is most conducive to a healthy human life?
How does exercising and staying healthy when you are in your 20s and your 30s affect your later years in life?
Where does the food go that doesn’t come out as poop?
How much sleep does an average adult need to live healthy?
Is beer good for your health?
What are you ladies' challenges to exercising and eating healthy on a consistent basis?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
How do I check my health in one minute?
Is sweating good for health?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
My girlfriend is 19, 5 foot 9, and 95kg, and she refuses to take advice from me about exercise. How do I explain it to her? I'm worried.
Is it safe to cook different meats together on the same pan or tray, or is there a high risk of getting sick?
Is it healthy to eat the Lipton chicken noodle soup?
If you made a lot of enemies, how do you live a long life?
How do I cope with poverty?
How can you keep your digestive track healthy?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
What should be one's diet if he/she wants to be healthy and fit?
What is the healthy range for A1C?
What are the ways to get rid of hyperacidity?
In what ways can grenadine be bad for your health?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
What foods help kids in improving their health?
What is the limit on masturbation for a male? Is it good for health?
What are some health tips for sitting professionals?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
What are some things that can reduce medical problems and promote a healthier lifestyle?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
Why do we die from not eating?
How can I make tikka masala low in saturated fat?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
Would someone be healthier if he/she did deep breathing all the time?
Is what I’m doing right or wrong?
Why do my mind and body work so much better at night?
Why do people who are physically fit usually have strong minds?
What's the longest you've gone without seeing another person?
Does the absorbtion and effects Strattera (amoxetine) take less time to act once the individual has been taking it for an extended amount of time?
Why do people eat unhealthy food if they know it's unhealthy?
Why to people actually want to get sick to avoid doing things they dread?
What do MMA fighters do when they get sick? Both When Training for a fight, and the Day OF/BEFORE the Fight?
Who gets more disturbed by being hungry, fat or thin people?
What is Addicted about?
Why doesn't my mother buy sun screen? She says that it's really bad for you but so does not wearing any sunscreen
What is an exercise that is good for people with asthma?
Can your thoughts harm you?
What is the best way to deal with people who criticize the decision to eat healthfully and how should I decline their alternative offers?
What behavior can cause eye cancer?
How can I stop impulsive behavior when it come to alcohol and drugs?
Why do my senses sometimes get switched? Why do I sometimes hear on my right side what s on my left side, and the other way around?
Why do some people get sick on car rides?
How can I overcome embarrassment about an increased weight and fat?
What are care values? How does it relate to health and social care?
Why are some people are more prone to deep self-analyzing and self-mastering/actualization?
Why don't people talk about Vivian Murdock, the first child with Autism? Or one patient, whose father is Frederick Wellman, a plant pathologist?
Is it harmful to check my phone in the morning?
How do scale & complexity of systems interact to affect human and environmental systems? -social studies
How do people get a fever?
What are the ways in which music has changed you for the better?
Which is more harmful sitting or lying down?
Do thin people usually get diabetes?
Why are people so mean to fat people?
How frequently can one masturbate without health concerns?
Why should we forgive or tolerate people who deny climate change any longer as if civility were a better option?
Psychology of Everyday Life: How can people unable to work due to disabilities live so relaxed?
What are some ways the current 1st world lifestyle is making us fat?
Why is it like easy to start drinking and smoking and difficult to get rid of them?
Why do people 'let themselves go' during the holiday season?
Is it possible that I cannot function well in the same room with my sibling-sister that annoys me? (with whom I have not-so-good relation)
Why do we have a sudden urge to drink water after eating anything sweet?
What is it called when someone starts hyperventilating instead of getting upset? Why does this happen?
How long does it take to become physically addicted to alcohol?
What is the cause of a sudden loud hiccups?
Is it true vegan/vegetarians get longer lives, but spend that extra time on the toilet?
What should I do when I dont like my body being fat?
Why some people get body pain in cloudy environment?
Why do some people never seem tired? How could one be like them?
Why do so many people spend time onto the internet？Is it worthwhile?
Why does alcohol reduce essential tremor short term but it's worse the day after?
How do I prevent myself from smoking?
Do our emotions affect our physical heath? How exactly?
Is there such a thing as saying I love you to your boyfriend too much? Is every day too much?
Is post-surgical irritability normal?
Why do people celebrate with unhealthy things like alcohol and cake, but not healthy food?
Do ambulances make it a priority to take people to public hospitals or do they just take them to any nearby health center?
How do you calm someone down if they aren’t able to give or withhold consent but won’t give assent to medical procedure like cardioversion?
Has any seemingly healthy person ever gone to bed as normal and woken up completely blind?
What are the effects on health of shame?
Why do you put all sick people together in a hospital?
Whenever I'm furiously angry, my nose starts to gush blood at a 0.5 drop per second tempo for 15 or more minutes. Is that something serious to look into?
Why do people not exercise and get fat when they know it'll cause health issues and premature death?
How do you treat a Myoma?
Are some people immune to antidepressant medication?
Which is the safest country for human beings with respect to pollution, food adulteration & pesticide residues?
What is something addictive and healthy?
What are some reasons that might cause constant sleepiness?
How do I recover from three sleepless nights?
What happens to the neck muscles when a person yawns?
Should hospitals be able to deny employment to people who are overweight/obese or otherwise unhealthy?
What happens if a person stays in a dark room for a long time?
Why do people always insist that becoming vegan is a personal choice?
Why do people become obese?
How does one decide whether to act on feeling or thoughts? I've always acted on what would be best for my mental health. Are there any reasons or situations I shouldn't?
What makes a person more energetic?
How do people develop physical inactivity? How does it affect our health?
What are once popular things people used to do that still have merit?
Why do people like maggi noodles even after knowing that nestle put all us in jeopardy?
If one does not have eyes, cannot hear, cannot smell, cannot feel touch and cannot taste, how is it possible to learn?
Does crying out aloud have benefits, especially to your heart?
Who does masturbation?
What stops people from exercising?
Are obese people more empathic than skinny/normal/whatever you call it ones?
Why do people choose to be fat?
What misconceptions do people have about fat people?
Why do people get surprised when they hear a very fat girl has a boyfriend? Aren't fat people humans?
Would you get cryogenically frozen? Why?
Is it harmful to read on your phone before bedtime?
What health mistakes do most people make?
Is it rude or uncouth not to cover your mouth when you cough if you're on your own?
Why do naturally skinny people run?
What makes a person feel sleepy?
Is it considered bulimic if you make yourself get sick because the food you just ate makes you feel bad (bloated/ill)?
Which kind of people get treatment from psychologist and which kind of people get treatment from psychiatrist?
Are people with depression more likely to be left-wing?
If we eliminated death by illness or natural causes, how would human nature change?
If humans started to work during the night and sleep during the day, would the next generation of humans be nocturnal?
Is it bad to prefer not taking on many responsibilities?
Why do people talk about free healthcare while it's not " free " at all?
What is the most you can masturbate without it affecting you?
What is mental masturbation?
Why does chicken soup make people feel better when they are sick?
Why do people get tired even when they are sitting in a bus or a plane?
Can you become physically dependent on melatonin supplements?
Is it okay for someone to gossip about someone else's serious health problems?
What are some of the underlying causes of kleptomania? Is it possible to grow out of the behavior?
How will behaviour change impact all of the dimensions of wellness?
 Why do I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and feel like I have a better perspective of death?
Why do some people shake their legs up and down while sitting during class?
Do people get tired of the constant outrageous tirades from Trump?
How can you treat geliophobia using psychology?
Why do some people burp or fart so loudly in public?
Do economists smoke weed?
What happen if I masturbate several times per week?
Is it common for autistic people to have hyper mobile joints?
How many people do you need for a healthy gene pool?
Do food, exercises, and climate have influence on one's mood? If so, how do these things influence?
What are some possible reasons someone may find himself unable to do any mental hard working?
What are some problems that physically and mentally challenged people have?
In India do people care about disposable tableware's quality and hygiene?
Can I stop severe, excessive blushing?
Why does my face turn red whenever I say something in class?
Psychiatry: Is this only a Distraction or some mental health issue?
What is the psyche of people behind health product?
Why do people pass out when they are shocked?
Why do people exercise?
Do doctors take advantage of people who don't know enough about medicine and how their body works?
Why do we wake up sad when we go to sleep in the evening/afternoon?
Do people who get sweat easily can not stand cold temperature?
How do people become resistant to diseases?
How do you report a person for a wellness check?
Do people who sleep a lot shrink less over their lifetime?
Why do some people get so tired at night?
Why would someone smoke oregano? Are there any health risks or benefits?
What types of "rules" do people use to govern healthy eating?
Do people judge you if you've been sick for an extended period of time (3+ years)?
Why do skinny people who don't exercise not get fat?
People have different diets based on location, availability and religion. Some are vegetarian while others are non-vegetarian. How is it that no nutritional deficiency can be attributed to people from a specific location, religion or preference?
What are some ways I can reduce my urge and need to burn things?
What does healthy food mean to you when people least care about themselves?
What are the causes of diplococci?
Is it possible to detect a disease in a person by observing their mannerisms?
Why do so many people seem to defy medical predictions that "you'll never walk again"?
Are there any supplements that increase appetite?
Why do people like to consume?
What's normal, whipping standing up or sitting down?
Is it unhealthy to be objective about everything?
Health: Why do some people have unhealthy lifestyle？?
How can yawning be neuro-physiologically described?
How does PCP affect a person physically?
Do people eat according to the food's nutrition value?
How do you handle living with your soon to be in-law when they do something which destroys what little health you have every time they do it?
Is it true that if I think too much about a disease, it will really happen to me?
Why we resist taking a bath, knowing that it is good?
Health: How do I undo / suppress the damage of sitting?
Is there an interest on educating people to their health?
Why do we like foods that are bad for us? Isn't it against the survival instinct?
How can we avoid mindless snacking?
Can people with cochlear implants hear when someone is talking?
What is the human dosage of acepromazine?
Is it bad for a 16 year old to be nocturnal?
Instead of anti- smoking ad campaigns and making normal people feel bad about themselves, why can't the govt just ban cigarettes?
Men's Health: I am 19 and mastrubate daily, is this normal? How will it affect my health?
What are the top 5 things 90% of the people get wrong?
How do people who follow strict diets socialize?
Does my health get affected if I sleep only for 4 hours during night and I meditate for 1 hour during the day to compensate for the loss of sleep?
What are your best advices for weightloss?
Is there any adverse effect to health from living close to wooden overhead pole with three transformers attached?
Why do I always have terrible breath after taking a nap?
Pick one of the most important things you could do to make yourself happier. Why are or aren't you doing it?
After a gym workout, what can I do to burn fat and not burn muscles?
Why are the veins in my arms bulging every since I started weight training a month ago?
Is it okay to skip breakfast nowadays?
What are the consequences of using strong laxatives for weight loss?
What is the healthiest way to live better and longer?
Is paracetamol tablet bad for our health?
What are the benefits of detoxing once a month?
Is it possible that your body starts becoming dependent on health products after consistent use at a young age?
What is a way to stay happy and healthy?
I know about exercise and eating healthy, but how do I make lasting changes that stick?
What is the superb things you need to buy when you get rich?
Are MRE's healthy enough for daily consumption for athletes?
Is it healthy for your back to be standing all 8 hours of your shift?
How do I motivate myself to exercise and eat healthy?
How do you maintain a healthy lifestyle in such an unstable society?
What are some benefits to our general health of practicing headstand or hand stands?
Is it true that there is always a way?
Why doesn't fat accumulate on the male calf?
Is 1300 calories per day too much for me to lose weight?
What meal to taken before excerise?
What supplements should kids ages 9-16 be taking in addition to their diet?
Are soft drinks harmful for our health?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
How do I get rich (really rich) by working from home?
What can I do daily to improve my health?
What is the perfect diet plan to stay healthy and fit from morning to night?
Do potatoes lose calories when you boil them?
What health benefits did you notice after you began drinking more water?
I'm 15, 225 Pounds and 6 feet 1 inches. What can I do to reduce weight?
Will I be overtraining if I train 6 days a week with a lower/upper body split?
What's the fastest way to lose as much weight as I can In 80 days?
Is there an Android app for treadmill HIIT?
Do you know any online platform for crossfit or nutrition experts can sell their courses?
I'm 16 and weigh 280lbs, how long would it take to slim down and gain muscle?
What is the average weekly walking mileage to stay healthy?
Can a back pack injure your back?
Is anti-mosquito incense bad for health?
How can I live a healthy and happy life?
What is your daily healthy breakfast?
How is proper fasting done?
What are the health benefits of red wine?
Do you believe that in general people want to grow, want to learn, and want to eat healthy and stay fit?
Who invented push-ups?
Do I have Marfan's Syndrome?
My Semen Analysis report shows Very low quantity and bad morphology, Is it recoverable?
Why sleeping for an appropriate time is important for good health?
How many times mastaburating per a day is good for health?
If I put in 60 minutes a day on a treadmill at fast walk pace of 4.0mph on 15 incline, is that a good routine towards burning fat?
How many hours of sleep do you believe you need each night to be rested? How did you determine that?
I'm 15 and really skinny will I eventually gain weight as I get older?
Why do eating speeds differ? How can I safely increase my speed if it's too low?
Which exercises are good for health and overall development?
How do I stop caring about my looks and feeling like my whole life will be decided on my looks? It's making me depressed.
How do I shift my circadian rhythm to that of a morning person's?
Should kids do competitive sports in middle/highschool?
Are saturated oil good for health?
What is your best daily activity schedule to get healthy lifestyle and happy heart?
What are the three main nutrients that provide energy?
Is 900-100 calories a day enough for a 13 year old girl?
How do I decide Goenka's 10 day Vipassana retreat is for me?
How can you treat a pulled lat muscle?
Is the pulp of the fruit the healthy part?
Can I play sports if I have runner's knee?
What are the benefits of high carb low protein low fat diet. 80/10/10.?
How do I get rid of excess fat on my mons pubis?
How can I deny hunger on a diet?
Why does ginseng have so many amazing health properties?
Does sweat help fight acne?
How do I live a reasonably healthy life without living too long (past 80ish)?
what are some of the best books written on nutrition?
Is there a scale that shows how healthy or unhealthy something is?
How do I prevent myself from falling asleep at noon?
How common is it to lead a perfectly healthy life with complete DPD deficiency disorder?
What are the daily practices to become succesful?
How do plants contribute to healthy living?
If I want to gain muscle, is it better to lose fat first or just start working out?
What is the effect of eating pasta and pizza everyday?
How do I create a room without any ventillation but healthy and comfortable to stay?
What's your favorite thing about your body?
How do I stay healthy at age 45 if I am a woman?
How about Quora dedicated for Healthy Lifestyle, Health Issues, treatment and after care?
What would happen if unhealthy person whos body is dmaged from drugs, cigarettes and alcohol would start living healthy, doing sports, running etc?
How can I get lean muscles?
What are some organizations that promote sports?
Can you help me lose weight?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
What is the one single food I should stop eating to lose weight pronto? Im 5'9 180 lbs and love my potato chips and work out on occasions.
What amount of alcohol consumption, over time, is determined to be excessive?
What are the health and psychological benefits of running before dawn?
Do you find it confusing to eat healthfully?
How does a lazybones' day look like?
Do you have tips to stay healthy while coding all day?
What are some good side dishes for a Korean barbecue?
I have gained weight and I don't feel attractive to my boyfriend anymore. How can I turn myself around and lose weight?
Which is the best weight loss program?
I want to build mass, is it better to do 5 days isolated or 3 times compound exercise per week?
Is it dangerous for the health to workout often in a room which is less areated?
How do I lose 25-35kg in a year?
Does your body always register all food that comes in?
Have you tested the ph levels for your drinking water to make sure it's safe to drink?
What 'bad' habits that are actually good for your health?
How do I keep my eyes healthy while using computer?
Which is more Health Concern or Healthy city of India'?
Is bleaching your teeth bad for your health?
How do I design my diet to be healthy from inside and stay active from outside?
Does paneer do good to my health?
What are the dangers of eating raw pancetta?
I am very thin, have a high metabolism and need to build up some fat and muscle. I'm 17 years old. How do I gain weight quickly?
Why are a lot of people who exercise and compete in sports still overfat in relation to their lean body mass?
How do you define "healthy"?
What is muesli used for? Do it have bad effects on health?
Can a human stay healthy on bread, water and vitamin pills only?
Which are the healthy habits for a long life?
What should you do when someone hates you?
What is your routine ..which you think is healthy and possible in present world?
How can I manage to eat healthier if I want to cut down biscuits and sugary meals/snacks?
What's your favorite diet?
What are some good exercises to improve knee/ankle strength?
Would it help to maintain my health records?
How do programmers stay healthy when they brag about only eating pizza, drinking coffee and sitting and coding for hours upon hours?
How can I work more, sleep less and also stay healthy?
What type of fruits should one consume to stay healthy in Indian summer?
Is homemade pinni good for your health?
How will wireless communication deprive our health?
What are the things necessary to live a healthy life?
Is sprinting good for health?
Does drug abuse truly cause aging?
What are your favorite smart home features?
Can cake be healthy?
What is the benefit of not eating dinner?
Is a knowledge of neurochemistry required in order to live a healthy and productive life?
Can I lose weight eating only ice cream?
Is financial health correlated with physical health?
How important is exercising to growth?
Is it possible to stay at 8% body fat all your life? Is this healthy?
How do I overcome fear of Anesthesia?
Is it healthy for someone who spent most of the day sitting to go for an intensive physical activity just for a few minutes?
Do I need to walk 10000 steps to be healthy?
What is the best food post workout?
What is your favorite way to lose weight?
How we can take care of our health?
Is it healthy to lose weight without eating?
When will humans no longer have to exercise to remain healthy?
How do you stay energetic throughout the day?
Why does thinking of the past make me extremely sad?
How is whole milk fattening?
Other than coffee, what are some examples of foods, vitamins and other items that will result in vasoconstriction?
Im 29 never been to gym, 20-30 min cycling/day, 0.5 km average walk/day recently I gained some weight (176cm, 81kg) how I can loss 10kg effectively?
What is the best known healthy diet for a person without a gallbladder?
How do you avoid unintentionally eating halal food?
Challenge: vegetarian for 1 month. Any advice or tips on how to stay healthy during this time?
How many times did you fail in dieting before reaching your desired body?
Should I avoid regular snacking to stay healthy?
How healthy is "healthy"?
What would a day in the life of a physically and mentally healthy person be like?
Is it healthy to take contraceptive pills or can they in the long run actually harm women's health?
Is it must to sleep 7 to 8 hours daily?
How does thyroid work with other systems to keep the body healthy?
How can body fat be reduced?
How can a scrawny and lazy 14 year old gain muscle and become ripped?
Can a body of water be green-colored and be healthy?
Is being too responsible bad for my health?
How can I start feeling healthy and energised?
Why do people who believe we have a time to die like "destiny", live a healthy lifestyle, wear seat belts, etc.?
Which is the best to have meal, 3 times or 5 times a day?
How can I become really fit?
Which is the best gear cycle with a budget of Rs. 10000?
What are dips good for?
Why do I only listen to/enjoy listening to classical music and why am I embarrassed to tell people this?
Is Tata Teaveda good for women’s health?
Can I lose weight with a 1400 cal diet?
How can I lose weight, and decrease my stomach size?
I am 32 and want to get rid of my bad fun habits (partying, drinking, smoking, flirting), but I feel bored since I stopped. What should I do instead?
Can I gain six pack without those expensive training equipment or going to gym?
Which types of foods can improve memory and concentration instantly?
Is it possible to lose weight in 2 days without doing exercise?
Do we need to have the same nutritional intake every day?
How can I improve my health in a week?
How can I maintain healthy boundaries?
What are the minimum daily amounts of oils and salt that a healthy adult needs in order to stay healthy?
Is champagne good for your health?
What is the best Yoga to keep your stomach healthy?
What is the difference between Being Healthy and being Fit? Can we be healthy but not fit or fit but not healthy?
I weigh 138 kg now, my goal is to weigh 100 kg. What should be my diet plan in order to achieve my goal?
What should a healthy and fit human body be able to do?
Is Icecream good for health?
Why its important stay young & fit in today's mordern lifestyle?
What are some activities to do on a regular basis after retirement that will keep you healthy and actively relaxed?
How should they try to spend a healthy lifestyle?
Is it true that Jackfruit is a powerful cancer killer?
Is it healthy to sleep immediately after having dinner?
What are the most healthy and environmentally friendly to go box solutions?
Does eating dried cranberries have any negative impact on our health?
What is the most health coffee to drink between an espresso and a latte?
Is drinking luke warm water with a pinch of turmeric every night is good for the health of a man?
What is an ideal back workout to do at home?
What do you prefer eating to stay healthy during winters?
I'm 17 and I go to the gym every other day. What should I be eating to supplement my work-out? And how much amount?
Is mayoneese healthy for body?
Is there a scale for how unhealthy or healthy the ingredients are in our food and drinks?
Can I lose 15 kg in three months?
Why scuba diving can be healthy for people?
Should I stay in caloric deficit after losing weight?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
Does singing too much effect our health?
Do you know the health benefits of ginger?
I am 65. How can I live a peaceful healthy life?
What exercise should I be doing for my body composition?
What is health and wellness tourism?
What is the best way for me to lose weight continuously over a 12-18 month period of time?
Is doing sports, and sleeping well going to affect your growth?
Is it a good idea to eat healthy snacks such as nuts or fruits while working?
How can plants contribute to healthy and Improved sleeping?
How can you lose weight by dieting?
How can I get extra weight and improve my health?
Why is belly fat so hard to lose in adults?
How does Virat Kohli maintain a healthy lifestyle to stay so fit and motivated?
How do I lose weight and be lanky?
Can you lose weight by drinking smoothies for breakfast?
What can I do instead of eating that will give me the same satisfying feeling?
What are good companies to work in the fitness, wellness, or health food industries in Vancouver?
Why is chicken and rice considered a healthy dish?
Are there any health disadvantages from smoking weed?
Can extreme sexual conservatism cause mental health problems?
Did you know that Colgate is bad for health?
What is the rules of modern etiquette?
Is the impact of 10,000 steps a day equal to 70,000 steps a week?
How can initiatives lead to a healthier lifestyle?
Is becoming a vegetarian or vegan good for your health?
Are push-ups a good form of exercise for healthy lifestyle?
How does wearing far infrared reflecting pajamas affect your health and athletic performance?
Are comfy expensive mattresses worth buying for as part of a healthy lifestyle?
Is shifting my sleep from night to evening healthy?
What is the best way to manage a healthy drinking lifestyle?
What are some ways to get slim in a week?
Is there a relation between lack of soreness after working out and vegan diet?
What is a good recommendation to eat a balanced diet?
Why am I gaining muscle and fat at the same time?
Is there a smartband designed for health tracking?
What should I do in my 40's?
What all-natural products do you use around your home?
What exercise and dietary choices should I make to be as healthy as possible and what motivation tips can you give to help follow those choices?
Is too much protein in the diet bad?
I'm a 15-year-old girl who is 5'7 and I weigh 120 pounds. Should I lose weight?
What is a good jump rope workout plan?
What are some healthy habits every student must have in life?
How safe is Pulphy orange? Comparing to other cool drinks?
I exercise vigorously 60 mins every day and after 6 months I lost 10kg without changing my diet. Am I lucky or is this normal? My BMI is now 28.
Is swimming daily good for health?
How can I improve my food discipline?
How much do hot baths increase people’s heart rates?
In general, what is worse, a good diet but not enough physical activity or enough physical activity but a bad diet?
Have you been trying to be healthier in your life?
Is it healthy to change friends?
Why does a person changes personality when they lose a lot of weight?
Do healthy teenagers die from heart attacks?
How do top doctors maintain their good health? Apart from regular exercise and eating right, do doctors take supplements?
What's the correlation between wealth, health, and healthy habits?
How long can a healthy person live life in the current generation?
What is the best approach for me to reduce belly fat for good, considering I have knee pain? Which exercise & what diet?
Why is it so hard to get 6-pack abs?
How should your stomach feel after eating a proper amount of food?
How can I be in a calorie deficit diet for weight loss and at the same time not lose muscle? Should I cut down calories from carbs and fat?
I am a really busy college student. I am starting to gain weight. How many hours per week should I exercise at least?
What must be the diet for a teenager who wants to live fit?
How do I maintain good health and stable mind in corporate stressfull life?
How long will it take to lose 10 pounds?
How healthy is Tutti Frutti?
What are harmful fruits which spoil health?
Which diet and exercise plan should be followed to lose 20 pounds in 10 weeks?
Can I live until I am 100 years old?
How is grapefruit helpful for weight loss?
How do I lose weight while working and sitting in an office for 10-12 hours a day?
Aren't nutrition and lifestyle extremely important to good health?
What are some simple ways to maintain healthy eyes?
How do I maintain healthy lifestyle in an Indian hostel (specifically in West Bengal)?
How can I make my groin & inner thigh muscles loose & flexible-they're very tight & limited in range of motion when I do side leg swings?
Which way is the best way to lose weight along with measurement?
How can I control my appetite more effectively?
How many times masturbating is healthy?
Has anyone witnessed any type 1 diabetes who has a healthy lifestyle even during his/her old age without serious health problems?
Do plants make you healthier?
What are the benefits of peppermint tea for weight loss?
Should I do physical exercises every day? For what amount of time?
What in addition to diet and exercise plays a role in weight loss?
What does it feel like to be a formerly fit, toned athlete to someone who has let themselves go and gain a ridiculously large amount of weight?
Can I exercise everyday by myself and still lose weight?
Are people who are heavier less healthy after controlling for bodyfat %?
What do I do if I am not able to sleep when I am supposed to sleep & then I feel sleepy at the wrong time which affects my schedule & lifestyle?
Is Coregasm good or bad for health?
What would you do if you were too tired of what happens around you?
If you're between 35 and 55, why do you want to be healthy and strong?
If you had an extra hour in your day, how would you spend it?
What are the benefits of living a health-centric life and how would you define that life?
Is simple beautiful?
Can sleep, clean air, exercise, and healthy living improve your general levels of motivation?
If a person looks muscular, does it follow that he is healthy, energetic and likely to have a long life span?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
Is drinking Sprite regularly harmful for your health?
Do people who've never used illicit drugs feel they've missed out on experiences, or even potential emotions and feelings that their brains are capable of?
What Are The Effects of Diet on Our Skin?
Should I take Creatine if I am 14 and train every day?
Is coffee bad for health?
Can I lose weight from eating only coffee, water and a fruit a day in 2 months?
What should I do to gain weight and enlarge my calves?
Why do people take Disprin so much even though it is so bad for health?
How do I lose weight if I mostly have fat in my stomach area?
What did your face look like before and after losing weight?
What nutrition should I take in order to maintain good health?
How do I have healthy mind?
How can I eat healthy when I live at home with my parents, have no income and they refuse to buy me healthy food?
What are the best ways to reduce fat over the hips and thighs in women, without exercising?
Do weight loss pills work?
What is a good book about living a healthy life, physically, mentally and emotionally?
What should I do to have a good health fitness body in a short time?
How can I become fit and healthy if I have lived a really unhealthy lifestyle in the past 10 years?
What is the amount of protein that should be consumed per day to gain muscle I do not want to become buff but want to gain muscle?
Will people be healthier in the future?
What have you discovered about yourself by doing what you love?
What are some good 5 minute healthy and tasty vegetarian snacks?
Which is healthier cow,'s milk or buffalo's milk?
I have normal pain the day after a training. Should or shouldn't I make more exercises today?
How long will it take to reduce my waist size and what to do?
How long should I wait before I go to sleep after working out?
What are the benefits of drinking half lemon, 2tbs honey and half tsp turmeric powder mixed in warm 250 ml water in empty stomach on early morning?
What do you love about exercising?
Where is the best place on the internet to ask medical questions?
If you ate junk food despite your diet, how would you feel like and what thoughts would you have?
How come Amazing Grass' Green Superfood Energy doesn't work for me anymore?
Why does my face looks so healthy after a good night sleep?
What should American do to help people become healthy again?
Can cocaine make you lose weight?
What are the five mistakes that can wreck your health?
Is it harder to exercise when breathing through an air mask (when dealing with pollution, like the pollution in China)?
Is it true tequila helps in losing weight? If true, does Mezcal have the same effect?
Is doing sports at night bad for your health?
What is the importance of proteins and lipids in our food?
Is living in a house above 550 feet sea level safe?
How can I be healthy everyday?
How can I get my body in good shape at home?
Which are the best exercises for losing fat?
If I eat less than 2000 calories per day and exercise 1 hour a day, how much fat will I burn in 1 month?
How healthy is too healthy?
What are the basic steps to stay fit and healthy?
How much protein is too much? I weight 71 kg and I'm 18 years old. How much should I consume?
Why is eating healthy so hard and expensive?
How do I improve health?
How can I lose 90 pounds in three months?
Are fast foods really bad for health?
Can you motivate me to always exercise, stay fit, and eat healthy?
Why am I healthier since moving to Costa Rica? Am I healthier because of a stronger immune system or because of fewer germs ? Is stress the real key?
As a 21 year old beginner, how do I start exercising for beginners at home?
Is masturbation really necessary to maintain one's health? Can one live and be healthy without practicing it at all?
Is skipping barefooted good for health?
Is their any damage to my health if I stop consuming thyroid tablets suddenly, but I started yoga?
Why is it so hard for people to do what they know they need to do and also know how to do?
Why do people say that they can have cancer even if they live and eat right? Who is bringing this theory to life?
Why is it that after a shower my skin starts itching like crazy?
How can I stop worrying about my health so much?
What are some seemingly harmless things that are actually detrimental to your health?
Is there any link/connection between dry lower lip and large intestine?
Why do people sympathize suicide but still dismiss mental health?
Is it normal to get male breast reduced very slowly and gradually through diet?
Why does people with asthma breathe better by sit down?
What does it mean when certain articles say that skinny people have more efficient partitioning of nutrients to their needs?
Why am I feeling lazy and sleepy all through the day but not at night?
How does one know when they're doing too much or too little when depressed?
What are some healthy ways for a person to fulfill a need for more attention?
How did Crofter treat the Peddler? Why did he treat him that way?
What do germs get from killing people?
What is a person called who has an excessive worry about health?
Does smoking cigarettes make people moody?
What are negative health behaviors?
What are some things most people unknowingly do on a daily basis that deteriorates health?
What happens when you are being nice?
Why do people stretch when they're tired?
What is a healthy way to help emotional needy people?
What is one habit that many people have that is extremely unhealthy?
What are some good early morning habits?
Why is Albuterol recommended to treat coughs?
Why don't people see the contradiction between allowing all refugees into a country and maintaining social programs such as free health care?
Is there a role of genetics in how long a person can run?
Is it harmful to talk to one person everyday?
What can be done to treat alcohlics?
Why is farting so fun?
How do you treat mastoid lumps?
On average, how many times do humans cry per day?
With the issues surrounding the VA, why can't the US enact a policy for all health facilities to care and treat veterans at little or no cost?
What happens if a man masturbates too often?
How do you treat a distended eardrum?
How do you treat isolophobia?
What would you say to your younger self that might convince them to change their daily health-hurting behavior?
What are some negative health behaviors?
What could it signify if your body craves mayonnaise? I look forward to joke and serious answers?
How do I know if my body is 100% healthy?
Why aren't people concerned of their health? Is it that they don't have time / motivation?
I'm 17 year old. How do I know if I have breast cancer?
Will my actions, words, behaviors, even health impact my child?
What's the difference between a person before and after a season of distance running training?
Is it (more often than not) possible to tell from the voice alone if a person is fat?
Your answer moved me. Many on both sides think like you. Is there anything ordinary people can do to heal the wounds?
Does anxiety cause loss of sex desire?
How do I lose my gut?
Do people not understand the importance of social issues or they simply tend to ignore them?
What intake should a young Indian lady take to avoid weakness?
Why do fat people prefer to use skinny jeans instead of regular fit?
Why do people and even doctors say many fat people are fat because they have a medical condition?
How can I treat a bump on my head?
Why do I feel the need to defecate when I feel extremely nervous?
What is the most suitable way to deal with somebody who constantly complains of being sick?
Why is PMK potrayed negatively in the media?
Why do people prefer drinking cold water in summer if it increases risk of chill?
Why do people go for enema?
What is pernio chilblains? How can you treat it?
What are the things you discover in health that nobody know (Not the majority, but nobody)?
What causes lumps behind the head? How do you treat them?
I feel physically unwell too when I know my ex is unwell. My severity tends to be on a lower level but lasts longer. Why is this happening?
How do I overcome physical weakness?
Would single-payer healthcare be easier to pass if certain people still had to pay some portion out of pocket, and certain people did not?
Why do younger people experience time as longer while elder people experience it as shorter?
How does soda cause behavioral problems in children?
Is there a way stop consuming too much nonsense information?
When we are trying to not cry, why do we feel that lump in our throat?
Is it ok to be lazy how does it effect your health there are many lazy people that have encountered no health risks at all?
What are some reasons why someone might have long term dizziness?
Does excessive seratonin makes you aggressive and why?
How can you treat a bibasilar platelike atelectasis?
Is it normal to have worms in your taquitos?
Do you think people will do ANYTHING for a full stomach?
Why I have too much frustation in my mind and too much hatred and anger towards every person around me?
What are some of the health risk behaviors?
Why do I think poorly of other fat teens but I am a fat teen?
How do I treat a fastidious child?
How is losing the ego better for a person's health?
Why is the American measure of people's health being cared for fixated on whether or not people are insured?
Shouldn't counsellors study healthy people too?
How do I treat a shoe-bite?
Is too much testosterone a bad thing?
What are some researched explanations for dyslexia and why people have it?
Why do people say masturbation causes weakness? Is it true?
Is it true that we can make any person a butcher, if conditioned properly since childhood?
Why do girls cross their legs when they lay down?
How do you treat an anteverted cervix?
Can you be exhausted from thinking too much?
What do you hate the most about receiving health advice from your doctor?
Do you hate extremely skinny people?
India: Do indians still wear the Yajñopavīta? and do the initiation rituals?
Is it bad for someone's psychological health to feel routine and boredom at his job?
Why taking too much opinions from people good/bad?
Why are some people naturally skinny?
How can you tell a person is really healthy by only looking at him/her?
What are the benefits to the health of right-handed people if they try to use their left hand more often?
Could Facebook be potentially more harmful to young people than television was alleged to be?
How often can one mastrubate?
If smoking is bad, why don't people sell straight nicotine?
Is there scientific evidence that vaccinations are harmful? Why do people choose not to vaccinate their children?
What is that nobody tells you about your health?
How can I be a good wife when I struggle with health issues and it seems to make him mad?
What are the best and worst allied health careers for someone who's clumsy?
How can I stop my face from becoming red?
Is lethargy innate or acquired from childhood observations/environment?
What are the ways to treat blepharitis?
Having realized that intelligence chiefly is based on the pace of thinking, how do I acquire a permanent quick thinking pace?
What condition causes people to stop breathing during their sleep, and how can you treat it?
Is it normal for my muscles to be noticeably disproportionate or structured differently?
Why do some people just stop breathing out of nothing?
Why are good people always prone to injustice?
What are some of the psychological tricks to stop the urge to eat?
Does the age at which certain things become safe change from person to person?
How do people get goiters?
What are the shivers or chills that we experience whenever we want to?
How can I prevent getting a fecalith?
Unhealthy sluggish 21 year old, what should I get checked for?
How do you treat an intermuscular hematoma?
Is it possible to get cancer of pre-existing cancer?
How can I remove my love handles without losing weight?
How can I undo all the damage that has been done to my health by myself over the years?
Is there anything special about Clinique La Prairie?
What evidence is there for/against evolutionary change in humans since the paleolithic?
Why does counting calories work very well for many if a calorie is not a calorie and some say it does not work?
What is the best way for a friend, family member or doctor to get a loved one or friend to exercise and eat more healthily?
How flawed and outdated is the body mass index (BMI) measurement? Why?
What would you get rid of in America if you could?
What is a list of fruits with many seeds?
What makes life healthy?
Can I lose weight by going to the gym and not gain any musculature in the process?
Can you exercise directly after eating?
Can someone make me an example of a programme to lose weight and gain muscle?
What food should an Indian boy eat to get 1200 calories per day?
What does it feel like to have low body fat?
What are simple, healthy, and cheap meals to stay healthy?
Is it possible to be heavy but not fat?
How effective is L-arginine as a pre-workout supplement? When should it be consumed before a workout?
I am an Indian male (my eating habits are based on Indian cuisine) weighing 90+ kgs. I hate going to gym, but I enjoy jogging/walking/playing outside. What kind of exercises can I undertake to primarily lose weight? Should I follow any special diet?
Is paneer good for your health?
What's the purpose of non-team sports?
Is it hard to maintain a good health in a busy city life?
What are the health benefits of sunlight?
What's the best mediterranean food or meal chart you've ever seen?
What is the function of cholesterol?
Will running daily alongside a healthy diet help with weight loss? How far should I run?
How do I train myself to eat less, exercise more, and study harder using operant conditioning?
Will I gain fat or muscle if I add this protein diet to my diet?
I am unable to lose weight after a certain point even though I am still overweight. Why?
Will weight loss result in a reduction of insulin needed for type 2 diabetes?
How do you find the sweet spot between eating healthily and exercise?
What is stopping people from changing their poor behavior regarding diet and exercise?
I am severely obese. What will 4 years no exercise and poor eating habits do to my body and is it at all possible for me to lose all my body fat and get abs if I change my lifestyle habits?
What could have the greatest and best impact on the life of a person?
What should I eat to become healthy?
If hair is dead, then how can it be healthy?
Are there any controversies about famous people which everyone needs to know?
How do I get rid of a stuck word out of my head?
I'm a single parent interested in Aquaponics. I have a budget of ~$100 to start & no supplies. What is the simplest/basic way to start? Thank you!
Can skipping (jumping rope) help lose weight? What is the correct way of doing it in order to lose the maximum amount of weight?
Why is belly fat the most difficult, and last, fat to go?
What are the best foods to eat following an intense hour long workout in order to stave off hunger for the remainder of the day?
Specific marker that is elevated in liver injury due to smoking?
What are the best ways to beat stress?
What is the true diet/exercise ratio?
What are the chances of growing for a 21-year-old guy?
What is the best motivation for a healthier lifestyle?
Would working out for an hour a day, 5 days a week, enhance my academic performance?
What are some muscle building and weight gain hacks?
What are the exercises one should do just-before or just-after a meal for improving digestion?
What is the best therapy to do to relieve stress?
Why don't overweight people eat less and exercise more to lose weight, instead of trying ineffective and expensive diets or programs?
Human Physiology: How soon after eating a meal can I exercise without affecting the overall digestion?
What's the healthiest food item or meal you can buy for 10$ dollars or less in North America (Canada & USA) that is super healthy and fills you up?
What does your juicing routine look like in the morning?
How much calories do burn after having sex?
If I'm a skinny man who wants to gain muscle mass, must I avoid alcohol?
What is an effective exercise routine for a regular, 30 to 45-minute session? Objective: keep fit and lose fat.
How do we prolong our lives and be healthy?
We all hear that proper and right nutrition/diet for bodybuilding is just as important as the right exercises, but what exactly is that diet?
I follow a nutritional approach to staying healthy, who should I trust when it comes to science based professional advice on healthy eating?
Is it healthier to live on the first floor or on the top floor?
Is it better to eat high glycemic index foods before running?
Why are we eating sweets although we know it's really bad for our health?
Have you suffered any adverse health effects from electronic cigarettes?
Should I stop using febreeze and lysol in my house because of all the harmful chemicals in them?
Is it better to eat poorly (fast food, alcohol, take out, etc) and exercise daily OR to eat healthy home cooked meals, not drink, and do no exercise at all?
What are some non traditional sports, and how famous are they?
What are the most essential nutrients, which foods do you find them in, and what are some tips and tricks(about nutrition) to bear in mind while consuming food everyday?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
Is it bad to go to the gym 5 days a week straight as long as you switch up the exercises?
What are the health benefits of drinking human blood?
What is the right diet for a long healthy life?
I am a 19 year old skinny guy. How can I get a lean muscular athlete's body? Please look at the details below and answer accordingly.
Does eating dinner earlier in the evening help with weight loss?
What area of the body will lose weight by cutting out soda?
What are the best inspirational before and after photos of losing weight after 40?
What is the best diet and exercise for teens?
Could I get toned by just doing Jillian Michael videos at home and eating healthy?
What exercises can be performed at the gym to target upper and lower back?
How healthy is Yogurtland?
Is it unhealthy to run immediately after eating?
Is it generally healthy for all people to eat one large avocado per day?
How do I bulk up but stay fit without gaining weight?
Is it ok to have a Clif Bar for lunch if you don't plan to do any exercise that afternoon or is there too much sugar and too many calories for it to be a good option?
What are people saying about Complete Metabolism?
How do friends help us reduce stress?
Can pasting exercise demo chart posters in bedroom help to develop stretching practise habit development?
I am getting fat. What is the best exercise and eating routine for a newbie?
I'm naturally fit, why should I start to work out?
Most of the students in your class take a lot of time to play any outdoor games. How should they should try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
How to live a natural life and be healthy?
What should a person do when feeling pain at their desk?
Can you make strength gains while cutting fat?
How important is protein for our body, especially for someone who wants to lose weight?
I want to lose belly fat and gain more muscle mass. What exercises and diet plans can help me in achieving that?
Is it healthy to use hairspray everyday?
What food/exercise combo works best to stop weight gain whilst eating competitively?
How many meals per day should I have and at what intervals for a slow muscle building programme?
How do you get rid of armadillos?
Should I eat protein before bed?
What is something I can do to get fit and have fun?
My grandparents are both pretty unhealthy. Each of them are overweight and one is a diabetic yet they continue to eat unhealthy and get minimal exercise. I know I can't make them do anything, but what are some ways I can encourage/help them start to take the steps to a healthier life style?
Why saturated hydrocarbons are bad for health?
Is it possible to control our body temperatures, thereby reducing the metabolic rates and helping in weight gain?
What diet changes need to be made when going from a cardio intensive to weight training?
Why have I been so forgetful recently?
Why do diabetic patients refuse to exercise and eat right?
How do you customize a weight loss and exercise plan for yourself?
Can I really lose weight on NutraSlim HCA?
How much in healthcare savings does one accrue by engaging in daily or regular exercise?
What is the 'No-nonsense, sure-to-work Dummies Guide to go from 20% body fat to 10%'?
How important is it to eat immediately after working out — and how much of what type of food at what time is best for muscle growth and fat loss?
How can I make myself go to sleep without wearing myself out completely?
How should I lower stress?
What should be added/changed to a diet and exercise regimen if the goal is having a body like that of a greek statue?
Are there negative effects from consuming too much protein?
How can a beginner learn to box?
Do people care about their health?
How can I get rid of my Red Bull energy drink addiction?
Age:23 years, Weight:82 kg, Height:5'6". My body mass index is 27.7 which is in the overweight category. I want to cut down my weight to 70 kg in a period of 2-3 months. What should I do so that it has no side effects and can lead to long term results?
Is it hard to maintain a healthy diet while working or studying full-time? If so, why?
What health benefits do I get by watching porn?
How big is the home gym industry?
How can I make my body healthy?
What is an ideal diet for an Indian vegetarian, who is looking to build muscles and remove all stored fat from his/her body, assuming he/she trains 4 days a week and does cardiovascular exercises for 30 minutes 3 days a week?
Can I exercise regularly while following a nutritarian lifestyle?
How do I stop eating junk food?
What is the most uncommon health advice?
How can I keep motivated to achieve my goals of eating healthily and doing fitness while always changing the country I live in?
What are some innovative posters for diabities control and healthy life?
Will I gain weight if I sleep for three hours after a meal for maybe 20 minutes?
What's it like to be happier with the way you look, after working out and eating well for a while?
What are people doing to achieve the goals of eating better and exercising more in 2014?
Is it possible to learn squash at the age of 20?
If you are to eat only at McDonalds for the rest of your life, what would you eat to stay healthy and fit?
What should you eat before going for a run, and how long beforehand should you eat it?
What are the best stretches for a stiff neck?
What should I do to become healthy without workout?
What are the useful tricks to maintain healthy relationships?
What are the best foods to eat after late (ish) night training, about 90 mins before bed?
How could a person compose a compelling and practical, personal, professional, business vision, or mission, or purpose statement?
Is vegetarianism or non-vegetarianism better with respect to health disorders?
Why do I keep sabotaging my own weight loss efforts?
What causes vomiting during intense exercise?
What habits do you think make up the perfectly healthy lifestyle?
Is there any evidence that exercise is beneficial if you're not overweight?
Cardiovascular Fitness: What would happen if I ate something like a cheeseburger and fries and right after did 30 minutes of cardio?
What is the best pill to lose weight and lose man boobs?
What is the healthiest way to sanitize dishes?
What are the minimum basic exercises and yoga to do in order to stay young, fit, and healthy?
What are the best training methodologies?
If too little and too much sex BOTH increase prostate cancer risk, what is the "perfect" number or range of times a week someone should have sex?
Should I stop counting calories now that I've reached my target weight?
Which health drink you prefer, and what makes you buy it?
What will you do to get rid of stress?
Is it healthy to lose weight as it is done on "The Biggest Loser"?
What can I do with my wife who is very fat and not really willing to follow proper diet plan and exercises?
Is it possible for an obese guy to become slim and have 6 pack abs?
What can we learn about our health through our urine?
What is the best exercise for the inner thighs?
Is eating 100 gm of soaked green gram with vegetables, and 3 slices of jam spread brown bread enough for a healthy dinner? As I am hoping to reduce 5 kg of my weight.
How can I start eating healthy as a teenager?
Why are Banfield Wellness Plans so expensive?
My fat level is at 37%. I keep my diet to 1,200 calories, do 60 minutes cardio and 45 minutes heavy lifting 5 days a week for more than a year. I've only lost 5kg. What am I doing wrong?
If I count my calories to the T and exercise everyday will I lose weight? I eat 1200 a day, mainly meat and vegetables. I don; t eat rice and sweets.
What kinds of different seeds should we eat for a healthy lifestyle?
Have you ever used self defense, and harmed someone? What did you do?
I want to lose 12 kgs in 2 months.What diet plan and exercise should I follow. If anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?
What can my mother (59, left partially paralyzed due to stroke) do to live a happy and healthy life of retirement?
What are the best proven ways to increase your immunity?
What are your favorite post-workout smoothie and/or protein shake recipes?
Why is fructose sometimes portrayed as better than sucrose?
For an active/athletic individual, why are simple sugars so bad?
What should I eat to help grow muscle mass?
What is maximum healthy number of flight hours?
Which foods and routines are best for fast healing and anti-aging of the body?
What is the correct diet and exercise for me given the following information?
I just had this much food for breakfast. I have been eating well. How can I be this hungry?
1234
Are workplace romances healthy?
Is a medical tatoo available for a healthy person?
What are some good foods and other natural methods to slow down an overactive GI peristalsis in the mornings of each day?
What are the mobile apps that are most effective in improving people's health and wellness?
What is a good beauty regimen for an aspiring male model?
Which are the best exercises for a healthy life?
If you could live 200 years and still be healthy, would you want to?
Someone on the Internet said that you need to overeat your favorite foods to burn as much fat as possible as a possible truth. What do you think of that statement?
Are strong healthy women more sexy?
Is it time to start practicing with carbo loading and blood transfusions for my daily runs?
If you say that life is a game, what kind of a game could it be?
What do I need to do daily to keep my vocal chords healthy?
Is sex bad everyday?
Should I consume whey or casein protein for breakfast?
Is it essential to optimize diet with workout or only workout will do to build muscle?
What will happen if your body intakes too much protein? Will it help muscles grow bigger or will it have a negative effect?
What are you doing to stay physically healthy and for drug addiction recovery?
How can I get very fit?
Is the calorie contents of food the single and most important factor in dieting?
What do you think is more important: being healthy or having fun?
People who weigh 100 kilos or who measure two meters in height, can they reach 100 years of age?
What are some health tips to live a healthy life?
I want to lose my weight, but my schedule is too tight for me to go out for jogging or exercises. Is there some way where I can lose my weight in my daily routine, like some diet tips?
What is proof stress?
Is this a healthy breakfest for body building and putting on mass, while keeping a low body fat percentage?
What are some pasta sauce recipes that don't include tomatoes?
Is it alright to drink honey water in the morning (on an empty stomach) before a workout session?
What is the proper balance of water, electrolytes, protein, complex carbohydrate and simple carbohydrate for maximum absorption and performance during an endurance event?
How much money do you spend daily?
I want to lose weight. Before starting my exercise and diet regimen, I want to get my body cleansed. Are there any tablets available in India which can cause loose motions?
Where can I find the most accurate nutrition data on-line?
How much calories get burned by hand-gripper exercise?
Is having different opinions in a relationship healthy?
Does exercise expedite the processing of caffeine?
What is the cheapest healthy and fatty food?
How much fish oil should one take per day in combination with exercise if looking to use it to help drop body fat percentage?
What are your personal/professional/business vision/mission/purpose statements?
How do you prevent your metabolism from catching up with you as you age and are no longer able to keep up the same workout intensity?
How do I get rock-hard abs?
In which countries women are the most active (sport)?
What are the basics for a healthy lifestyle?
I have a pear shaped body. What should my diet and exercise be like?
If working hard have bad effects on my health, should I stop it?
What are the key elements for being on a high, stable level of energy throughout the day?
What has trial and error taught you about how different foods make you feel or how helpful certain foods are or aren't in the process of performing well as an athlete or when working out?
What are the best foods to eat for getting to that last step of finally having rippling 6-pack abs?
Is red pepper harmful to your health?
How big of an impact does exercise have on lowering cholesterol?
I have 5 weeks until I go to the beach and want to be as fit/ripped as humanly possible. If I had to stick to the strictest diet and workout, what would they be?
Does a lot of oil in food make it hard for you to loose fat? I'm starting to eat a lot of Indian/Pakistani food lately and I'm pretty sure it has a lot of oil (along with a lot of spices). Can I loose fat with cardio if I eat this stuff? Or should I not be eating it at all?
How do rock stars live so long with all the drink, drugs and smoking?
Gyms and Workout Facilities: Which exercise will be helpful in improving the shape and size of skinny legs in men?
What is the best way to motivate a woman to lose weight?
How do we increase the immunity of our body?
Diabetes: What are the best ways to control blood sugar via lifestyle/daily living (diet, exercise, etc.)?
What are your personal goals for the new year?
What are the most interesting fitness/health-related start-ups (or products) out there?
How do I reduce stress and tension? What are the best stress reducing exercises?
How can I gain muscle on a low protein diet?
Is it OK to drink carbonated water during a heavy workout instead of plain water?
What can I do to boost my energy and keep working in the afternoon for over 6 hours after working for 7 hours in the morning starting at 8 AM?
How do I break my bad habit of popping my knuckles?
What should I think when I feel that no one ever listens to me?
Does meditation give you discipline?
Why does dehydration cause people to throw up?
How do Germans treat Bulgarians immigrants? Do they treat them like the Arab and African migrants?
Why do some people want to drink blood?
How can we help overweight people?
When is it too late to treat plagiocephaly and why?
How do I treat a lump on my collarbone that moves if I press it?
I feel like there may be something wrong with me. Why do I feel the urge to laugh even if there's no reason to laugh at all?
Does sitting a particular way trick the body into feeling the need to use the bathroom more often?
Is it advisable to go for a morning walk and then go to the gym in the evening for a thin 18 year old?
What are the best alternatives, substitutes, or supplements to mental health services?
Why would people give their things for social cause?
What are some ways to try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What are the best ways to become lean without doing much exercise?
Do people really throw up after seeing something gross like in the movies?
How can I treat a protruding mons pubis?
When did you notice yourself become depressed and how did it come upon you?
How do we treat things medicine cant treat?
What medical conditions are beneficial, if any?
What should I do to improve my ability to memorize names?
Do people with asthma often live more easily in homes without carpeting?
Can you be addicted to something you are allergic to?
Is marijuana bad for your heart?
How do I achieve a better posture?
Are human naturally repelled from obese people or is it a societal influence?
Would people with ADHD generally be less likely to become tolerant to caffeine?
How does it feel after a longtime coffee drinker successfully quits coffee?
How can i treat sunspots on face ?
How do I overcome gluttony?
How athletic can the average person become?
How do you get Laryngitis? How do you treat it?
How can I make myself more valuable?
How can I stop living in the past?
Why do some people pick at their cuticles until they bleed?
What are some meditation or spiritual practices that are done in the state between waking and entering sleep?
Why do people brag about how unhealthy they are?
What is the one habit you would like to change to improve your productivity?
Do some people want others to remain overweight?
How can a 57 year old Indian woman who had already hit menopause can live a healthy life?
How common is Cynophobia and how does one treat it?
Can you tell me the precautions to overcome the cigarette smoking?
What is the cause of lack of confidence and how can one be more confident?
What are the best ways to keep your self calm at most of the situations?
How can I heal myself?
How do I make fitness my priority when I know I am ignoring my health and focusing on earning and my new venture currently?
How can you treat a dislocated trachea?
What are the three daily practices to stay young?
How can one psychologically adapt to long-term social isolation in a healthy way?
How dangerous is for light skinned people to move near the equator and for dark skinned people to move away from it?
What are some radical and innovative ways workers have organized self-care practices in their workplaces? What practices have been most successful in raising levels of worker happiness and satisfaction?
If you are asked about your sexual preference, is it wrong to say that you dislike fat people?
What are some scientific ways to improve yourself?
Why do we constantly clear our throats after eating?
What are good ways to improve spatial navigation memory in daily routine habits?
Do gadgets to measure stress, fear or introversion exist?
How often does a person laugh in a day?
Does the health of our mind and body contribute to the overall income we earn?
What is the healthiest way to walk?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Do you prefer people with light or dark eyes? And Why?
Are people 40 and up more concerned about their health?
What are some reasons people avoid health and fitness routines?
Is there a way to self diagnose smelly feet?
Why do some people respond negatively to vegetarians or vegans?
Is it normal to develop food aberrations?
Why is it that people are still not much concerned of their health despite the death statistics?
Is it healthy for people to live in huge cities?
Are sexually transmitted diseases regarded more shameful in different western countries?
How do I treat odontoprisis?
How can we distinguish between mental and emotional wellbeing?
What motivates health care providers to care for people?
How do you feel now, compared to 2000, 1990, 1980...? Better or worse?
What are some proven techniques to stop smoking, restrain from relapse, and live without worrying about starting again?
Are good looking people healthier?
What are the bad consequences of masturbating?
How do you make healthy new year resolutions and stick to them?
What are the best ways a person can increase their focus without chemicals?
How can I get rid of the addiction of watching movies?
What do doctors hate that people normally do?
What are the dangers of passing out while laughing?
What simple things can a woman do to improve her overall appearance without getting cosmetic surgery?
How harmful is it to keep internal strife towards people?
Is jerking off once in day is harmful?
Due to health issues started 10 years ago I'm now obese and people treat me like sh*t. I'm so sick of this. How can I stop becoming bitter/angry/blue?
What could a 40-year-old do to potentially improve their quality of life further down the line?
Could too much altruism be a bad thing?
Is water good for health?
What are some good resources to learn about sleep hygiene?
Why is it so easy to indulge in harmful actions instead of healthy actions?
Could the 'imaginary audience' phenomenon last longer or have more impact on people with an extraordinary body trait?
Why there appears to be so much concern these days about muti murder?
How do I deal with procrastination and depression?
What are some motivational tricks to maintain proper hygiene  even when you're not motivated?
Why are some people in the world are enjoying their life and some are just breathing on the planet?
Which are the five fruits I should eat to stay young?
What are some reasons people don't like coffee, apart from health reasons?
Is laughing at other people’s pain unhealthy? How do I stop?
Does a neuropsychiatrist treat magnetoencephalography?
What do you eat before and after a workout? Is it better to eat before or after only?
How can I find reliable, scientific information about health and nutrition?
How could ones be achieved targeted body composition by not limiting their diet without losing muscle mass?
What's the best way in terms of food to gain muscle before and after working out?
I'm a lean veggie guy. I want to improve my physique and increase my weight. How can I do that?
Would eating a whole loaf (570 grams) of purple wheat bread from a local bakery a day be that bad if you're very active?
What is a healthier way of living for looking fit, young and beautiful while maintaining the same calorie deficit: eat less, exercise less or eat more and exercise more?
What are some good foods and exercises which will be beneficial to enhance a girl's figure who has just completed her teens?
I have been working out rigorously in the gym for 3 months. I have reduced the diet about a half and include cardio daily, but still not much effect can be seen on my fat belly or on my muscles. My weight loss is only approximately 3 kgs. Are there some better exercises or diet control plans for me to follow?
Why is it necessary to take a brisk walk after eating food?
What can I do to prepare myself before hitting the gym (in terms of what kind of food to eat, cleansing diet, etc.)?
I do half an hour of exercise daily and walk an hour as well. Porridge for breakfast, tuna and veg for lunch, and soup or some other light meal for dinner. I snack on fruit and never go over 1400 calories a day. I have not lost any inches! Advice on what more I need to be doing?
Why is it so hard to start a diet/exercise plan and stick with it?
Is it possible for a lean guy to build a good physique in a short period of 2 months?
Do weight loss supplements help you lose weight?
What is the best diet to develop abs?
Can a 25 year girl who ignored proper diet throughout her life look healthy if she begins eating properly now?
What diet can I go on to reduce belly fat, being a vegetarian?
Is it true that exercising and eating regularly (not healthy diet) will increase your weight more than if you didn't exercise?
What was the final straw for you and your SO that finally made you commit to a diet or routine that led you to actually lose weight/get healthy?
How can I convince my girlfriend to exercise?
If I want to lose a bit of stomach fat and add a bit of muscle, which should I focus on first?
Can type II diabetics exercise?
How should I eat when pausing workout?
Can I lose fat by eating healthy and for exercise only doing weight training?
I'm 13 years old, 5'1 and currently weigh 83 pounds. I'm recovering from anorexia and I want to gain muscle, so I started lifting 10-pound dumbbells 5 times a week. Is this safe?
What type of diet, sleep and exercises height growth hormones in a 19-year-old male?
I'm watching my diet and exercising, but not losing fat. Why not?
How can I lose weight with a vegetarian protein diet and the gym?
How can controlling calories intake help to lose weight?
Which nutritional discovery has changed your workouts the most?
Is it possible to gain muscle mass by simply exercising & eating accordingly without taking any protein supplements?
What is the best vegetarian diet for people going to the gym with weak digestion?
How much protein should be consumed after a workout?
How is it possible to have a heart attack if you eat healthy, exercise daily, and are not overly stressed?
Can I grow old healthily if I stop going to the gym and only dance instead?
After workout, I feel drained. What are the basic nutrients that I should consume after exercising?
How often must I have green tea in a day?
I am 21 and I am diabetic. If I manage to balance the calories in and calories out through intense workout, then can I eat like a normal person?
What is the best way for a hypothyroidism patient to lose weight?
What sort of lifestyle should I have if I don't want to avoid carbs to maintain a fit BMI?
Is 30 minutes on the elliptical (internal mode) 3 times a week with a 1800 calories per day diet enough to lose weight?
Does eating a heavy meal after working out give you the best results?
Do I have to stop eating junk food if I want to build up my muscles?
How can a skinny boy regenerate his muscle?
Is it possible that you need to eat more in order to get your 6-pack abs?
I am trying to lose weight. Should I eat dinner before my workout? What should I eat?
How many adults should a slightly overweight (by 4kgs) adult eat daily?
Exercise: Is it true your body burns calories faster if you eat after you run?
What diet one should be on if they are exercising their abs?
I want to go to the gym, but I'm eating less. Will eating less affect my body if I workout daily?
What are the best ingredients to put in a post workout smoothie?
What's the best calisthenic diet for a 17-year-old beginner who trains 4 days out of 7 ?
If I eat 10 grams of fat, my weight should at max gain be 10 grams. Then, why do people refrain from fats?
Is it possible to lose weight and decrease BMI, without much change in body fat percentage?
What is the best carbs supplement to weight gain?
Will this diet help me gain weight and go healthy?
What is a good diet and exercise plan for an aspiring male fashion model?
What should be my diet routine to improve my health?
What is the healthiest body fat percentage for a 19 year old female?
How can I get into the best shape of my life without without the proper diet?
What are some good diets and exercise ideas for a 14-year-old who is about or close to 4 foot 9?
What fruit other than bananas gives instant energy?
Some people will never lose weight trying to eat healthy. True or false?
I have been exercising from the last 45 days. What are some suggestions for a vegan diet plan to get flat abs?
Is it okay to not to have my exercise when on a food diet?
Does exercising make food digest?
On my cardio day, what should I eat a 1/2 hour before?
Are nutritional supplements and powders generally bad for one's long-term health, and are they even worse if one takes them on days where they do not exercise?
How do I get more weight?
I'm a 28-year old male, 5'10" height and 68kg weight with a normal body. I am a vegetarian and do not eat eggs. I have low strength and low stamina. I have just started to workout at the gym. What is a workout plan week for starters? Also, a protein powder which is pure vegetarian?
What are the good diets for weight loss?
My weight is increasing slowly but only my belly is increasing, and no increase in biceps' thickness. What should I do?
How do I stop eating and start working and exercising?
Does working out "compound" or "multiply" weight loss caused by a good diet? Or does it merely provide additive or supplementary improvements?
Is it advisable to eat something before a workout?
What should be my diet if I want to begin with gym for the first time in life?
Can I take soya proteins?
Is strength training with a minor diet enough for weight loss?
How are some people seemingly able to eat unhealthy foods or large portions of healthy food without putting on weight or exercising?
What are some food recommendations for a strict diet?
Is eating dry fruits good before a workout?
I'm a 5'4'' Asian girl (130 lb) trying to lose inches. I've embarked on several exercise/diet regimens in the last two years only to crash on processed foods every time, despite being well-read in nutrition/agriculture/exercise. How can I stick with a plan and not become obsessed?
How much time will it take to get from 11% to 6-8% body fat?
What should be the diet for a skinny guy who started body building a week ago?
I am a 19-year-old girl with a height of 152 cms weighing around 70kgs. What is the ideal way to lose weight (diet and exercise) within a short span of time?
What's your favorite pre-workout snack/meal and why?
I am a hosteler & am chubby. I don't find healthy foods at hostel and my college. I get only fast food items and meals at college & at hostel its meals but I don't like the curry so I started eating only curd rice. Suggest a possible food diet so that I don't become over fat and look good and fit?
How can anyone reduce the problem of belly fat and maintain a good physique?
Weightlifting: How much rice can I eat every day?
I'm 16 and I work out and I have a huge appetite, I bring 4 sandwiches and 2 fruits to school every day. I was thinking of eating an extra sandwich on days that I work out, is 5 too many? Should I eat something else?
How much of the diet eating plan must be followed to see some decent results of Focus T25?
What can I suggest to my best friend to help her lose weight?
Is it possible to lose weight if I'm only running and following a diet?
Can eating junky foods, on top of adequate healthy food, hurt your bodybuilding efforts, or will the extra junky food simply add some fat?
How does eating during exercise affect a workout?
Why can I run 7 miles and improve my time, go to the gym and workout vigorously and improve there, but feel very fatigued during the day?
What time gap should I maintain between yoga and having food?
How do I prevent myself from eating a lot of food after intense strength training?
I work out few times a week and I'm quite muscular. How can I lower my body fat percentage quickly whilst minimizing muscle loss?
How do I boost my good cholesterol? What kind of exercises and foods will help?
How do I lose 70 pounds in three weeks?
Anyone ever used genetic testing to determine a diet and fitness programme as offered by DNAFit?
What is a good food to consume after a workout?
If I eat McDonalds about 4 times a week, but am not overweight, hit the gym and lead a pretty active lifestyle, is it still very unhealthy for me and hurting me?
What should be the perfect diet for a gym going person?
What should I eat if I go to the gym and what kind of protein?
What should I eat before a workout?
I'm 15, 5'8" and 136 pounds. I do not have abdominals that can be seen but my arms are quite toned. What are some pointers on workouts?
What would someone have to eat and what kind of exercise would they have to do to lose fifteen lbs in a month?
If I eat 900 calories between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. and go back to bed, but then factor those calories into my calories for that day, is that bad?
I am a 22-year-old guy who is 100 kg and 6.1 ft tall. I follow a strict diet (no junk food, visit hotels very rarely) of only 2 meals a day. I go to the gym regularly. Why am I not able to lose weight?
Has anyone had great success with the Fit Girl's Guide eBook from the Fit Girl's worldwide site?
How much weight will I lose if all I drink is water for a week and/or a month?
If a woman is trying to get strong and muscular, but doesn't want to become "bulky", should she eat more or not?
What are some great high-protein snack?
I have skinny arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured. Which diet and exercise should I follow to have a healthy body?
What is the most stripped down version of a "lose fat, gain muscle" workout routine and diet?
How can I lose 5 kgs per month?
Why do women need folic acid before they become pregnant?
What is a realistic amount of weight to lose each week?
When I gain weight it goes straight to my butt and thighs. What would be a good exercise and eating?
How can a lazy food-holic keep himself motivated to work out and eat healthy?
How do I get back my focus for dieting?
What is the best way to burn fat once you are under 18% body fat? Supplements? Foods? Workout programs?
How soon should I eat after a workout?
What causes over-eating in the time of stress and heavy work?
I am a 23 year old skinny guy. Some of my friends told me to eat well and don't do exercise because after exercising they became fat. Some of my friends told me to eat well as well as do exercise. Which one is the correct choice?
How much weight can an ectomorph guy gain?
How can men and women develop a 6-pack abdomen through exercise and diet?
What are some good studies on what food you should consume before and after a workout for optimum results?
I have a belly fat even though I am going to gym from last 2 months but yet it has not reduced now I am thinking of taking diet foods how do I get rid of it?
Is drinking Coke Zero bad for your health, particularly with regards to weight gain?
What are some ways to not be lazy and to exercise daily?
If you've tried to lose weight using almost every diet and exercise plan imaginable, and kept getting zero results or winding back at square one, what do you think were the top 3 factors that contributed to the failure of the plan(s), and why?
How can I have a more fit body?
I've seen that people serious about bodybuilding or weight loss tend to make their meals in advance. What meals do they prepare? And does it have any health implications?
Besides sleeping and eating well, what can I do to maximize my results from lifting weights?
How often do patients follow the diet and exercise recommendations of doctors?
What are the most important nutrients besides protein for building muscle and for maximising muscle efficiency/removing limiting factors in exercise?
Is it true that maintaining a flat tummy depends on eating habits (95%) as compared to exercising (only 5%)?
How do I keep in shape? Am I eating right?
Should I prepare healthy food daily or exercise daily?
Does rebounding have legitimate health benefits and isn't really just the same bouncing one would do whilst jogging?
What is the best way to lose belly fat: swimming or using a gym?
What major can I study to learn about the influence from exercises and nutrients to the healthy growth of people (aged from a newly born baby to a fully grown adult)?
What are some good, uncommon strength training, fitness, and health ideas put forth by Vince Gironda?
Will I lose weight if I start eating less than 50g of carbs a day?
How tough is it to lose weight for thyroid (hypothyroidism) patients? Is it true that they would stay fat and overweight for their entire life?
Is it possible to eat junk, do a lot of exercise and have a really good body?
How do I control obesity?
What's the difference between making fat cells empty so they are invisible but they are still there and not having fat cells at all?
Health: I am 40 years old and I want to keep my body fit and firm to sustain it habituated to work at any condition. What kind of diet do I need to maintain starting from breakfast to dinner. What food habits and with what kind of exercise should I take care of my body?
When working out in the morning, is it detrimental to not eat beforehand?
Is it necessary to cleanse the body before starting any diet regimen? Why and how?
If I'm trying to lose weight and consume a shake with 2 scoops of whey protein, how much exercise must I get to not gain weight instead?
Without food, who survives longer: a lean person or a fat person?
For 40- to 50-year-old males who exercise daily, what is your LDL level?
What is the best food to eat before and after going to the gym?
I have body aches despite regular exercising and a good diet. How can I avoid the pain?
What's the best way to bulk up on a paleo diet?
What is the best way concerning diet and workout that doesn't affect lactation?
Is there any diet plan to lose love handles?
What would be the best diet plan?
Is it possible to lose weight in two weeks? If yes, how much can a 21 year old woman lose?
How can I best beat food cravings after a workout?
Does drinking milk cause lactic acid buildup in muscles?
I really want to lose some weight and be slimmer but I just can't keep consistently exercising and sometimes can't help eating a lot. What can I do about it?
What if you kept eating small teaspoons of sugar, just enough to raise your blood sugar levels but not so much as to spike a large insulin responses. Would this aid you to run indefinitely?
Where can I find a perfect diet chart with scheduled exercises to gain weight?
Do some people need more than the usual 2,000 or 2,300 calories a day?
Do artificial sweeteners make you fat?
How can I learn to take care of my body instead of overeating, consuming junk food, not exercising, etc.?
Where can I get a vegetarian diet chart for a week?
What should I eat before running a test which starts at 8:00 am?
I'm over 60 and slowly losing weight by eating healthier. I'm noticing looser skin almost everywhere. What kind of exercises or activities would help firm things up? It's not coming back into place like it used to.
Will exercise help prevent aging caused from eating too much sugar and carbs?
Should I focus more on strength training or cardio if I want to lose over 300 pounds of fat?
What is the best way to lose 17 kgs in 4 months with 2 cheat meals and no major dieting?
Is there really such thing as brain food and what does it do to our brain? Isn't mental stimulation and exercise enough?
Is it better to eat fruit immediately before or after exercise or neither?
I always make plans to become fit but never succeed. What can I do?
Should I starve to get a flat stomach?
When you are doing Atkins and in ketosis, how is it possible to consume 4000 calories/day and still lose weight?
How do I lose weight by going on an effective diet, one that I can stick to?
How can you plan a diet and a exercise plan to lose 100 pounds in 6 months?
What should be the proper diet and exercise plan to gain weight and develop four pack abs?
I want to lose about 17 kilo at least. What should I do?
Are Honey Stinger Waffles healthy?
How can a 18 year old lean guy gain muscle mass on a non-vegetarian diet, without supplements, over 4 weeks?
I aim to gain a pound per week during my muscle training time, with a suggested daily 3000 calories intake. Can I gain a pound per week by eating normally?
What diet should I follow while I'm working out?
Why might a good diet and regular exercise not lead to desired physiological results at a desired speed?
Is bodybuilding healthier than purely doing cardio or crossfit?
What should I eat before and after CrossFit? Is avoiding bread a good idea?
If I continue with 30 minutes of biking everyday and only eat a moderate amount of food and lots of water, how much time will it take to burn 20lbs fat?
How many days will be required to see the effect of your workout and diet?
Is eating 500 calorie less than your recommended daily calorie intake same as losing 500 calories through aerobic excercise if I take the recommended daily calorie intake?
What are some methods for females to lose weight, except by physiological, surgical or mechanical ways?
Is it better to go for a walk after a meal or before a meal?
Is there a book about managing adult ADHD, which has valid and proven research about methods such as diets, exercise routines and mindfulness practices for dealing with it?
What are the best meal plan, exercise program and supplements to build bulk and a strong body type?
When attempting to shed weight, would one focus on total or net calories?
How can one get rid of a pear shaped body?
I'm 14, 6'1, 150lbs going to the gym everyday. What should I eat?
What is the best way to get healthier in a month between jobs?
How can I have a lean and taut body in a few months? How should my workout plans and diet be?
How can you create an adequate mobile exercise diet (preferably protein, non-meat) if you are a extreme fitness enthusiast ie. getting tired at the beginning of a morning workout?
What are the proven benefits of consuming caffeine for running and working out? Any downfalls?
How many cups of cooked whole grains should be consumed per day to lose weight?
Would my metabolism slow down if I stop eating but still exercise?
What should I take for energy between workouts?
Can breast fat be reduced by exercising and/or having balanced diet?
Will I be able to lose 10kg with just 10 minutes of jumprope for at least 5 times per week?
I am way too skinny, wrists like sticks, face shrunk in, etc. How do I become normal looking in a span of 4-6 months?
Besides dwelling on the negative consequences to my physical and mental health, how can I motivate myself each day to eat right and exercise?
How do I stay motivated to exercise and eat right when I am busy?
Is drinking milk good if I am aiming for fat loss by maintaining a low calorie diet? Also is it advisable to drink milk before a workout?
What are some of the best exercises and diet that can transform your flabby stomach?
I am a 24-year-old girl. I am getting engaged. I am thin and I want to gain weight within 30 days just to look the best on my day. How do I gain at least 10 kgs in 1month?
How can I look good again?
Is it safe to adjust oneself?
What are the best resources/books/blogs for the prevention of Mental Health issues?
What's something that you feel is wrong but regularly do anyways?
What are the ways to improve one's physical, mental and social health in about 100 days?
How do you motivate yourself during exams?
How one can improve their immunity?
Where can I get a cleansing near LA?
Why isn't meditation helping me?
How can I increase my empathy for "otherness" and compassion for the suffering in the world without becoming completely overwhelmed and sucked dry of my own needs, desires and non-survival interests?
What are some techniques that combine physical and mental into a complete personal development method?
Why do people self sabotage (overeat when they are trying to lose weight, procrastinate when they've just been given a great job to do, etc)?
What are the best herbs and supplements to focus concentration more clearly?
What is the one thing you did/started doing in life which changed everything for the better?
What do you seek?
How can tactics and strategy be utilized on a daily basis?
How fickle minded are you? How are you overcoming it?
What’s the biggest thing you’re struggling with right now when it comes to your happiness?
How do I deal with the fact that my legs are shorter relatively to my body, compared with my peers?
In the long term, is resting from what you're doing once a week beneficial?
How do I build up my sense of humor?
How often have you or someone you know knowingly cited a mental health condition as an excuse?
How can one overcome anuptaphobia (fear of staying single?
Is it inspiration or manipulation to tell myself everyday that I am beautiful (the world is nice, I love everyone etc)?
What would you change about the day you have had today?
What is the best way to delay gratification?
What do you do to ground yourself?
How did you do to encourage yourself when you felt depressed both in career and emotion?
Is it possible to incentivize health and self improvement in a dangerously unhealthy population like America?
How can one recover from/combat with severe procrastination?
How do I get better at emotionally evaluating a situation?
Will yoga help me in burning calories and losing weight?
Why is sharing knowledge a very potent virtue to possess, even if you have worked very hard to acquire it?
Should I try Bates method for my eyes?
How do I get fit and well focused every time?
What is the fastest way to replenish energy  when you are feeling slightly tired after working for few hours and its  not even afternoon?
How do I create a new habit, for example exercising, studying a lot, and eating well?
What are good morning get-motivated routines?
How can I improve my posture if I have kyphoscoliosis, which makes it painful to stand up straight?
Is sleep really for the weak?
Is nail biting a bad habit?
How can I improve my willpower when trying to stick to a healthy diet?
What should we do to be healthy if we work hard full-time?
What is the most effective way to set an alarm clock?
How can someone become more energetic?
What is it like to overcome and grow out of an addiction?
How do you keep positive and motivate the mood of India?
What are some ways to keep myself sane?
How can one get better at walking?
How does one get a dimple?
How do I quit masturbation, when I do not have a girlfriend?
What are the best ways to make yourself more productive at midnight?
Why can't I properly recall and summarize to another person simple things?
What is the correlation between personal power, whether actual or perceived, and general wellbeing?
Does eccentricity in one's personality grow with age or it can be curbed?
How does meditating under/inside a pyramid help?
Does atheism lead to weaker minds and weaker self-discipline?
Are you taking care of yourself as much as you should? In what ways?
How do I get rid of the habit of sleeping late?
How did a regular practice of meditation improve your "health"?
How do I be an energetic and lively person throughout the day in all life circumstances?
How would you motivate yourself to go swimming, if you don't have a good body figure?
How can someone efficiently get rid of laziness and is it related to over-thinking?
Who am I? Am I the loser that I despise? What do I do to come out of this loop of loserness?
How did you fix a major bad habit in your life?
How can I be patient during medical treatment?
Do you find that alcohol helps you sleep or do you find it makes your sleep worse?
What are good ways to stay energetic?
How do I get rid of the salt in my body?
How can one overcome his habit of sleeping late and getting up late?
How does it feel to rise from failure to success?
What are the best ways to fight cancer?
How do you combat the lack of motivation and general tiredness associated with depression?
Are there any permanent solutions to get rid of hyperhidrosis?
What are proven ways to get rid of 'wet dreams'?
Is it normal to feel lazy on weekends?
Can't focus after masturbation! Whenever I masturbate (daily), it's followed by a long period of time during which I can't focus completely on any task.. I feel my attention down on my genitals.. Any advice, for how to concentrate, Quorans?
How do I break my habit of severe procrastination which is affecting my physical and mental well-being?
What is the best way to make myself realize the importance of health at the age of 25?
How can I motivate myself to start biking again after a fall?
How do I break out of daily self imposed cage and start to live and meet new people if I' don't know where what or who but can't stand here?
How do I get rid of a person who hurt me?
How do I get rid of the frown face?
How can I develop the habit of instantly sleeping at any time of the day?
What are some general guidelines to getting rid of any type of addiction?
How do you motivate yourself when you are enervated and dejected?
How can I get rid of my autism?
How do I tell my husband he is getting fat without offending him?
Recently I have been having trouble speaking clearly and for extended sentences. Why could this be and what can I do to help myself?
As someone diagnosed with mild emphysema, how do I improve my ability to exhale, especially under water while swimming?
If you were going to buy one practical, self-help book on mental health, what questions would you most want it to address?
When was the moment you started feeling like you had control of your life?
Which bad eating habits do most people have? Why should they stop?
How does the 1:1 Nutrition Coach by Rise iOS pay its coaches?
What is your attitude towards your health?
How do I become a morning person?
What are some motivational lines that keep you motivated for a long time?
What's worse: changing yourself to fit into society, or changing society to fit you?
How do you get over the anger of having a mental illness?
What is the best way to make yourself physically, mentally, and spiritually strong?
What is the maximum number of hours a person can efficiently utilize in a day over a long time frame?
How do I get rid of nail ingrowth?
How do I begin to accept my body and become happy when I am severely morbidly obese?
What is ego, is it good or bad? How does one control the ego? Connections with excessive pride, pros, cons
What is one habit that you have that most impacts your health?
How can you transform sexual energy and channel into productive work?
Will devoting myself to health and meditation increase my mental capability, or is that just a myth?
How do I develop a mental attitude towards my very long weight loss journey and stop doubting myself?
How effective is Lumo for improving posture?
Self-Confidence: Where do I draw the line between doing the 'standard' activities to boost my attractiveness (i.e, physical exercise, dressing well, being more assertive), and being comfortable in not being perfect?
What is the best exercise for a female?
How do we take healthy career break for refreshment in life?
If asked "Why commit myself? Should I commit myself?," how do you explain why commitment to mental health services is important?
Would persistent anxiety on one organ harm the organ?
What is the single best thing you can do for yourself in a day?
What are some extraordinary facts about willpower?
How can I overcome failure and beat depression?
What helps you grow stronger?
What are the ways to feel energetic everyday?
Why is my health deteriorating so much?
When you eat food and later exercise, do you burn the food you ate or stored fat?
What are some simple, yet effective principles of eating for everyone who wants to be in shape to follow?
Which fast food we should not eat if we are working out for abs?
Does eating boiled eggs post workout make a good protein diet?
What is the best way to lose 20% of your body fat?
Does the meal timing matter much for health and fitness?
Is it advisable to jog/exercise in the morning with an empty stomach?
How does eating and exercise comparatively impact your health?
Fitness: How should an 18 year old start working out, given that he's never been to a gymnasium before? Also, what diet should he follow to get rid of excess body fat?
When weightlifting to bulk up is it wise to consume as much protein as possible?
Is it okay to go to the gym early in the morning without eating anything?
How can I get in shape if I don't want to go on a diet?
Is there anything I can eat or drink before the workout that can keep me from being hungry?
What exercises is good for getting rid of moobs?
Is it necessary to eat 6 times a day for people that work out?
If I stop working out, but eat right and eat enough, will I keep my previous gains?
What are the tips/ways to increase weight without eating multiple times a day? I am a student who doesn't have the time to schedule 6 meals a day.
Why is exercise bad for Diabetics?
How do you determine how many calories you should consume every day?
What's the best way to get in shape when I can't do diets?
How do I focus more on creating healthy habits instead of obtaining superficial results like instant weight loss?
How do I lose weight as a teen in a healthy way?
Is doing IIFYM worth the time and effort?
How much of your diet should be carbs?
I usually work out at 6 o'clock in the morning. What foods should I eat before a workout?
Is there anything unhealthy about exercise?
Does military diet make you lose weight?
What are the consequences of eating fast food every day if you exercise regularly?
How can one lose belly fat without exercise?
How do I increase my body mass?
Would I be able to lose weight by eating small meals frequently?
Is it bad to eat an hour after a workout?
What are the best food items/snacks to bulk up while I'm going to gym 6 times a day?
What is a strict diet and exercise plan?
Is there a physiologic mechanism explaining why I feel hungrier on the following day after strenuous exercise/weight training?
How can I form healthful habits and stick to them?
Why do I binge few hours after a run?
What has caused you to quit eating healthy and exercising? 
What are the best foods to eat before swimming?
Is it healthy to walk right after eating food?
What kinds of foods should I be eating and avoiding during a 15-week Freeletics (or any equivalent high intensity workout) program?
Is it bad to work out when you haven't eaten all day?
I have just started doing yoga. Do I have to maintain a proper diet?
I started going to the gym yesterday. What should my diet be like?
How does fat form in the lower belly? Is it due to any particular food items, or due to lack of exercise?
I have been looking for a protein bar (post-strenuous workout) with 25+ grams of protein. However, with my tree nut allergies it is almost impossible to find something without almond flour or other tree nuts in it. Any suggestions?
How do I minimise fat gain during bulking?
How will I feel after eating only Olive Garden pasta for every meal for the next 7 weeks?
Is my diet badly organized for working out?
What is the perfect diet chart for an abs workout?
Is it okay to do facr accupressure every day?
How can I lose weight with an apple shaped body?
What healthy options should I eat to put on weight?
What happens when you don't eat after exercising?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day healthily?
Is there any food a person with kidney stone should eat or avoid? What are some useful tips to prevent having another kidney stone?
How can I gain 10 kg weight in one month?
What are the diets and exercise for men at the age of 40 &+?
What does Batman eat to stay fit?
Is it possible to eat reasonably, work out and not lose weight?
Is there such a thing as a trans-friendly weightloss group/exercise + diet regime?
What exercises can I do to build muscle but not gain weight?
What should I eat before my 8pm workout when I get off work at 6pm with a 1.5 hour commute?
Can one blame being fat on being poor?
What diet coincides with me running 45 minutes a day?
For the last 6 months I have been telling myself to start the diet, start the exercising. But every day I don't. Why can't I just do it?
How often should I eat and when should I workout if I'm a skinny guy with a high metabolism? Should I be eating something every two hours in a day? Should my workouts be directly after I eat? An hour after? Please help
What are some good home workouts and diets to help me get lean and cut?
How long will I live if I never eat healtly and never exercise?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day for 30-60 days with a lot of exercise and a healthy diet including protein health shakes without doing damage to your body?
Were should I begin with exercising and getting healthier?
My wife has been wanting to take a weight loss product called "Plexus Slim"? Is this safe?
Does eating fast lead to any malfunctions?
Can I increase 3 inches of height if I have the correct posture, balanced diet and I exercise a lot?
What makes eating more so difficult? What can help?
What exercise is best to trim hips and what exercise should we do for abs? (Woman here)
Is it okay to work out in the morning and skip breakfast then go to work?
What’s your single biggest challenge getting the body you want right now?
How can I never get sick at a residential school?
I go to the gym for 45 mins to 1 hour and drink 1 to 2 SoFits per day. Is it healthy for me?
Once I have my desired physique, how do I maintain it? Specially the diet. Basically what I'm asking is do I need to have the same diet afterwards?
How can we have a good body?
Why can't I lose weight? I eat organic, am within my macros, water only, complex carbs, lean meats, small portions. HIIT training, both my dietian and trainer can't come up with answers.
What is a good daily diet to follow when working out to lose fat?
How did you learn what to eat when you started a gym routine?
What are some healthy food recipes after/before exercise?
Why and how did I inherit my parents' diabetes even though I vigorously exercise daily and eat healthy?
Should I eat more than 1400 calories a day if I am speed skating for 7 miles AND weightlifting for an hour and a half?
Can someone make or show for me diet and exercise plan?
Is eating coconuts when trying to lose weight bad?
What are the simple and easy diet tips and exercises?
Which one comes first, going to the gym or healthy eating?
What is the best eating strategy to provide energy for a morning workout?
What can be done to curb weight cutting?
How can I know if my exercise and diet plan is okay?
I am a 22-year-old male. I have been suffering from incomplete bowel evacuation for the last 5 years. I do a lot of exercises and eat healthy. How can I get rid of this problem?
What are some good excercise plans and healthy diets that are affordable?
Can you lose fat without exercising?
What diet is recommended when on Jillian Micheals 30 Day Shred workout?
Is bread butter healthy for exercise?
I'm 21, 66 kg, 5'11'' and skinny. What are a suitable diet chart and workout scheme for me?
What happens if I lift weights, do cardio, and stick with a diet of caloric maintenance?
Why do some people get sick even when they exercise and eat healthy and others eat junk and are perfectly fine?
How much time should it ideally take for a 26 yr old male to reduce from 18% body fat to 10% body fat while gaining muscle?
Is it natural to compulsively eat fatty foods while exercising and dieting?
How does the intake of fatty foods impact one's body as a function of physical fitness?
Why do some fitness "experts" or bodybuilders only eat the egg white and not the yolk?
What food should I eat before going gym in the morning?
I can't seem to lose weight. Eating less and exercising more means I'm just emptying my bowel once every 3 days. What am I doing wrong?
How can I be physically fit to donate a healthy liver?
If I am overweight, dieting, and dreaming about food, do I have an addiction?
Healthy Eating: Should I eat breakfast before or after a workout?
Why do I still suffer from acne when I have a perfectly balanced diet and exercise?
What is the secret to nice tight abs?
Why am I not losing weight? (detailed diet and statistics included, this might be known as "cutting")
What is the best exercises, diet and drugs for the hypoglycemic?
Is eating junk food occasionally okay while trying to build muscle?
How do I become lean and strong? What would be the workout and diet?
How can I successfully cut body fat percentage?
Why is it so difficult to maintain regular exercise and healthy eating?
What will happen if I do heavy workout while on a fat-rich diet?
These days, I do some exercise, so what can I do to reduce the pain it brings, or what fruit should I eat?
Is a 1200 calorie diet and exercise plan healthy?
What are the health effects of exercising and not eating after?
What is a healthy diet to lose weight in 2 weeks?
With a military diet, if you want to workout, can you eat after the workout? Will it damage the diet's result?
Is it okay to workout and eat healthy if you are underweight?
How long should I wait before changing my diet/exercise?
What would be the best way for me to maintain my body weight?
What should I eat before and after a workout?
What should you eat to optimize your CrossFit workout?
Which are the best 7 best fitness foods?
When is the best time to have a calorie/protein dense meal around a weekly workout day to make the most out of the meal?
What is the simple Indian-vegetarian diet plan for strength training and muscle building for 7 days a week?
I am taking the same minimal diet which I used to take before hitting the gym. How does it affect me?
If you have a sluggish colon, what exercises can get it moving and what's a good diet for slow motility?
Fitness: What diet should I follow after gym to stay lean and muscular?
How much time after my workout should I eat proteins to get better results?
How can someone get fit on a vegan diet?
How do I increase my energy and joie de vivre?
 What is the quickest way to getting out of bad funk?
Is skipping rope bad for health?
I am fasting Ramadan and I am training for a 4 mile race. What should I do to fast, train, and eat in the most efficient way?
What diet or exercise plan should I follow to lose 10kgs in 2.5 months? I am a 24-year-old female weighing 76kg. What are some effective tips?
Can a 305 pound 46 year old man using the Atkins diet lose 100 pounds by eating anything he wants (within the Atkins diet), eating as much of it as he wants (unlimited calories) and not exercising at all?
Why should I exercise before eating?
Are there any nutritionists on Quora who can suggest proper diet plan including timings of food and exercise for the acidity patient?
How can I lose 20 kg in 6 month?
Due to a major depression over the last 10 years I have gone from 160 to 310 lbs. The last 8 weeks I have completely changed my eating habits and I exercise like crazy. Why do I weigh more?
What should I eat or drink before running?
Is it really possible to get a smaller waist with exercise?
Is it possible to get a healthy, attractive body with only proper diet (and zero or near-zero exercise)?
Do you suddenly feel guilty and want to do some exercise when you are about to have a meal?
How should one eat to get ripped?
Foods that will help you build a better physique?
What is the best diet/exercise to help me lose as much fat as I can in two weeks?
Can I eat every day the same thing for exercise?
How do I get a flat stomach without having abs?
Which is more effective for people who go to the gym: drinking milk and eating a boiled egg or mixing egg in milk and drinking it?
What shouldn't you do if you're practicing in the gym?
What can I do in 5 minutes a day to get healthier?
What is the most efficient and correct way of exercising and keeping fit?
Is running and dieting enough to get in shape?
If you had to write fitness commandments, what would you write?
Can a pre-diabetic condition be reversed with exercise and diet control?
How can I stick to a diet and after losing the weight make a permanent lifestyle change?
What could be an ideal pre and post workout meal considering the fact that I have no time to prepare anything and I have a tight schedule to reach at the office?
I'm trying to get fit, what should I not eat?
How do I tone my body with diet and mild exercise?
Is it healthy to have a bad diet but to exercise regularly (4–5 times a week about 1hour for each session)?
How can I form the habit of eating healthy and exercising?
What would be the best exercise routine for an ectomorph/hard-gainer?
I am exersising daily at gym, what should I eat to increase my weight?
Is it good for one's health to drink tea after a workout, if it is not green tea?
How can I reset my metabolism to burn more fat?
What are the first steps to take to start losing weight?
How can a 17 year old female who is 4ft 3.25 inches lose 20 lbs of fat in 1–2 months?
If my goal is to be a decently sized lean guy, should I be on a calorie excess or a calorie deficit? Photo and details in the comment below.
What is the healthiest snack to have before running?
Does eating immediately after exercise affect a person any differently than it would to prolong eating after exercise?
What's something quick to eat after a workout but not from a fast food restaurant?
How do you keep yourself fit and healthy while busy at work?
I've been going to the gym for the last 3 weeks, have been avoiding breakfast, and reducing my calorie intake, but my belly is still expanding. What could be the reason for this?
I want to gain some insight of women and weight loss (aside from what I know about myself). What is the hardest part about losing weight and why is it so difficult?
This summer I want to get in shape. I'm a little bit overweight, and before I start exercising I need to lose some weight. I already started my own diet where I drink a lot of liquids and eat three times less food. What is important to know while doing this?
How do I get abs without working out?
How can I reduce post-pregnancy belly fat?
I exercise three times a week, I try to eat healthy, I'm seeing results in my body but my weight is higher than when I started, am I having results?
Can a large expenditure of calories offset a high caloric diet consisting mainly of fatty foods?
How can I have a flat belly? What do you have to eat and not to eat to lose belly fat?
Are there any books based on gym workout and the required diet plan?
What kind of eating and exercise regimen does the Dolce Diet promote?
Why do people think working out is the best way to lose/maintain weight?
Would drinking tea (non-caffeinated) be beneficial after a bodybuilding workout?
Should I eat anything after cardio combining with strength workout?
What is the best diet and exercise program for overweight men?
Is it true that people who are genetically fat should be more strict in their diet and exercise to be lean and healthy?
Will quitting rice help in losing belly fat?
What is the best diet to lose 5kg weight in 15 days max?
Is my diet and exercise plan good (more in details)?
How can I make my body full of positive energy?
How can I look good again?
What are the ways to become more energetic during daily life?
How one can improve their immunity?
How do you motivate yourself during exams?
Would you trade a physical problem that you have for a different (but also serious) physical problem?
Where can I get a cleansing near LA?
What are some daily life tricks which can improve our health?
How can we become mentally fit again?
What are the best herbs and supplements to focus concentration more clearly?
How can a person reduce his/her tension and stay calm?
What do you seek?
Do you think it would be immoral to enter the illegal organ trade without forcing anyone to part with their organ?
What exercises can help to improve your hearing?
How do I get rid of anxiety?
What do you do if you can't get the get-up-and-go to exercise?
Does exercise improve eyesight?
In the long term, is resting from what you're doing once a week beneficial?
How can one overcome anuptaphobia (fear of staying single?
Is it inspiration or manipulation to tell myself everyday that I am beautiful (the world is nice, I love everyone etc)?
How do I take care of myself?
How can I motivate myself to brush my teeth at night, before sleep?
Some people say if we keep controlling our anger one day we may burst on someone and do something stupid. Is it really good for our health to control the anger?
How did you do to encourage yourself when you felt depressed both in career and emotion?
How do I strengthen my weak foot in soccer?
What are some techniques to help control my thoughts and achieve a completely free mind while meditating?
How do you "untie" the knot you feel in the pit of your stomach when you get anxious?
What can I do to improve my height?
How has the use of probiotics improved your quality of life?
How do I improve my sex drive?
What would a perfect body posture be like?
What do I do to make myself compassionate?
How can I motivate myself to want to exercise and eat healthily again?
How do I make a dramatic shift to be happier & healthier?
Should I transform myself again from bad to good?
How do you get rid of warts?
How can I become more productive at work again?
Why does my PTSD not act up when at work as I can go without my xanax dose all day yet when I am off & home alone, I start to feel panic so need to dose myself within a hour of awaking?
How can I improve my health, my past is really bad?
Where can I learn yoga in Koramangala?
At what age does our posture start declining?
What is the most effective way to set an alarm clock?
How can I be energetic all day?
What happens to the testosterone levels and body of a 16-year-old boy who has stopped masturbating?
Does doing yoga "better" a man sexually?
How do I improve the posture of people so that they can breathe well and how to get rid of bloating?
What are your lifestyle cleansing habits?
How can one increase his ejaculation time?
How can I build a stronger character and be less influenced by others?
Is yoga the best way to improve the power of mind and body?
What are the best ways to make yourself more productive at midnight?
Why can't I properly recall and summarize to another person simple things?
What are some natural means to improve memory?
How do you deal with a spouse with an incurable/untreatable disease?
How do I cultivate happiness through physical posture?
What should I do to omit bad habits in my life?
What was your experience with quantum techniques?
What ancient practices are used to improve one's health and well-being?
How can l avoid anxieties?
What qualities should one possess to be a complete man?
What's the best way to preserve my close-up vision?
How do I be an energetic and lively person throughout the day in all life circumstances?
How can you discipline yourself to exercise regularly?
If you drink coffee on a daily basis, can it change your mindset more than if you don't drink it?
How interested are teenage girls in health, fitness and improving their overall self image?
What is the best way to keep away from tensions and stay calm?
What are the things one could do to improve nerve functions?
How can one overcome his habit of sleeping late and getting up late?
Suppose you have 30 days of holidays from tomorrow onward. What would you like to do in those holidays?
How do you combat the lack of motivation and general tiredness associated with depression?
How do I get rid of my bad habit of sleeping in afternoons?
What are the effective ways to improve your focus in your daily life?
What's the most effective way to get up early?
Is it okay to compromise your health and give preference to your work/job?
Is it normal to feel lazy on weekends?
What should I do to build up my self-confidence in preparation for exams?
How do I spend less time sleeping?
How do I stop being restless and impatient?
Would it be beneficial to my health if I quit coffee as a daily habit and just enjoy a cup or two socially?
What is to be done with a team of tired people?
How can I get rid of my autism?
How do I maintain good posture and get rid of a shoulder hunch?
How does one improve balance and coordination? What are the benefits?
What interesting things can one do when one can't sleep at night?
What are motivating factors that allow you to keep away from cigarettes (read description first)?
How should I develop habits that help me get fit?
What are the frustration management techniques one should use?
How can I take better care of myself?
How can I work hard without my health deteriorating?
What are some foods that help improve bad stuttering?
What do you do if you feel so unmotivated constantly that you won't do essential functions to stay healthy? Such as drink water, or eat, or move? Not feeling sad just to lazy to get up for days.
What are the surrounding conditions needed to practice meditation daily at home?
What is the single most effective initiative one person in their every day life take to reduce their impact on the environment and tackle climate change?
What are some smart ways to fool yourself into not consuming alcohol?
How can I get rid of hateful feelings?
How do I switch from the lonely guy to the solitary guy?
What one thing should I do to improve my living habits (health) and time managment?
How do I make a new start when starting all again after 10 years is like a nightmare?
How can I remain energetic during the daytime if I am a night owl?
How do you achieve a healthy mindset?
What is a good way to get into an excited, positive, and enthusiastic frame of mind?
How can I find out if there is something wrong with my period?
How do I get rid off the blackness around the corner of the lips that is caused due to dryness on that area?
How many hours per day do you have high speed in daily activities?
What is the best way to make yourself physically, mentally, and spiritually strong?
Can meditation improve personality & attitude?
What are some things that I should do regularly to improve my health and personality?
How do I improve my physique as I have only 3 semesters left for completing my graduation?
What's the best way to get rid of underarm armpit odor without an antiperspirant / deodorant?
Is it worth examining troubling childhood memories for the sake of righting the negative effects they've caused on both your psyche and behavior?
How could a weak girl be strong?
What are the best exercises to get rid of the pain in the lower back due to scoliosis?
How do you handle a situation when you're extremely sad?
How can I overcome failure and beat depression?
How can someone develop good posture?
Does meditation help in reducing porn addiction?
What do you do when you want to get rid of a bad pimple?
If a person masturbates for almost every day for 11 years and now it no longer excites him further even almost no interest in porn as well. Is everything okay?
What are the things I can learn today which will make me healthier tomorrow?
What's one habit you've changed that has had the greatest impact on your mental or physical health?
How can I lose an inch of fat in one month?
What are the benefits of eating berries before exercise?
What causes a complete change in attitudes towards injury, hygiene, etc as we grow up?
What should I eat post and pre workout?
Is it unusual that I always want to be alone?
How long after eating can I do yoga? Got various answers but want to know perfect one.
What do you think about my Calisthenics Diet Plan for muscle growth?
Does nail biting cause serious problems? What are they?
How can someone get rid of mind fog, and mind fatigue?
I'm going to be fasting this Ramadan, what tips can you give me so that I can continue running throughout the month?
How does one convince a person with a mental illness to accept that they need professional help?
Is my diet going to work?
How much weight can I lose in 3 months?
What food philosophy/habits (type of foods, eating times, amounts, combining, etc.) do people practice?
Are we really living longer than our ancestors or is that just a common myth?
What is Catharsis?  What are its applications? What are its steps? What types of events, realizations, or experiences create moments of catharsis?
How do I start working out to get abs?
It is said that people are basically self-interested, but actually people often harm themselves, like burning the midnight oil, wasting time, not caring about health, why?
How many health problems/diseases will decrease if everyone maintains a healthy lifestyle?
What is difference when we breathe and chest swells and when stomach swells?
How long should I wait before exercising after eating?
How do I become healthier?
Are there specific exercises to reduce belly fat?
Is it possible to lose 20kg in 5-6 months by eating healthy and less (little exercise)?
Is it okay to drink 72gms of whey protien pre and post workouts?
If I run 1k every day at the highest intensity I can manage, will there be any health benefits such as improved fitness or fat burning?
How should one go for a morning walk, empty stomach or after eating something?
I'm a 22 year old guy with height 176 cms and weight 94 kgs. I know that I'm too obese. I want to become healthy and fit. How can I achieve that without going to gym and taking supplements?
Do facial exercises really help in sculpting the face, provided you follow regular workouts and a healthy diet?
How can I increase body weight?
Is it a compliment to your therapist when you fall asleep during a massage?
Is intermittent fasting bad for stomach?
Weight Loss: How can I get my mom to eat less and exercise?
From where I should start to loos weight and get fit in 2 months?
Why is it that I want to have a terminal disease and I always fake sickness to have attention on me?
As someone who's beginning to work out, what should my diet look like?
Why do we feel like puking if we see someone else puke?
What are four body weight exercises that will transform your body when combined with a healthy diet?
Are both things the same: sleeping at 12 and waking up at 6 (night-morning) and sleeping at 6 and waking up at 12 (morning-noon)?
What's the most efficient way to reduce body-fat percentage?
Six Pack Abs: Does exercising after eating carbs reduce the risk of the carbs turning into fat?
Why do I have a big belly with no fat and how to get more lean (my BMI=21.8)?
Should I sleep when I'm having a headache?
Why do people embrace danger as though they would be rewarded for it? (e.g. People still smoke, although it's written on the cigarette that "smoking is harmful to your health")
Is it ok to exercise in the late night and hence eat a healthy post workout diet?
I want to plan my diet to get lean body, how I should start?
Do skinny people ever wish they were bigger?
If you saw an anorexic woman in the gym every day doing cardio for an hour, would you say something to her if you a had a qualified opinon?
What is it like to live without being able to feel physical pain from outside stimuli?
Would a diet of eggs and cheese, fruit cups, and canned meat with exercise be a good idea?
What kind of energy bars do people who do yoga like?
How did you manage to give up on something you were addicted to?
Is it possible to maintain a flat stomach all day, even after eating a lot?
What if I Eat more and workout more?
How is it that people can eat low calories, exercise and still be fat, but vegans can eat what ever they want and lose weight?
When fat loss stops what to do?
What is the safest method to lose 20 pounds in less than a week?
Does irregular eating habit affect the health of a person?
How often should one drink coffee to maximally reap its benefits?
How do I improve my fitness and build a ripped physique?
Is losing weight just "calories in, calories out"?
At what age do people lose compassion for others?
What psychological effects are expected from long-term total Isolation?
Do you lose muscles along with fat in a calorie deficit?
What is the best way to prepare oatmeal and the best time to eat it if I have a workout or a training?
What are some of the biggest challenges you have when finding an exercise/workout routine to do? Do you face obstacles finding out What you should and How you should do the routines? What do you dislike the most about trying to start a routine/healthier lifestyle?
Health: What is it best to eat at 10 PM after 2 hours of training?
What diet should I follow if I work out in early morning?
Why do I keep hearing that eating after you workout is bad?
What benefits will I see if I eat and do this exercises everyday?
If I did the Insanity workout, ran three times a week for 45 min, did strength training three times a week, did Zumba twice a week for an hour, and eat 1400 calories daily, is this safe? (I burn about 650-750 a day)?
What are the most common regrets that people have once they grow old?
Why are people so sensitive and intolerant?
How do I gain 5 kilograms in one month while having high metabolism?
Why we want to pack up our body with thin blanket during fever?
Can I eat a lot of good and real food and stay healthy with exercise?
How do I deal with a cold in the workplace?
What should me my ideal diet so that I stay fit?
Sleep: Is too much sleep harmful for humans? And why?
How can a person re-learn how to yawn?
Are hot drinks good for your health?
Do people 'choose' to be evil? If the trait is in fact the result of environmental factors whilst growing up, is it appropriate to issue custodial sentences etc. for wrongdoing?
What is the fastest way to lose 8kg? I am 43 year old male and do go to cardio classes regularly.
Will my abs go away if I eat more carbs?
Has anyone used You Are Your Own Gym: The Bible of Bodyweight Exercises? Did it work?
For doctors, what are the five physical traits you look at to judge a person's health?
How can I lose body fat especially on my abs? I'm a 20 year male with 30-35% body fat.
What are some examples of stress that everyone encounters on a daily basis?
Do you think that lazy people are beneath you, inferior to you, less than you, and not worth your time?
Is there an optimum amount of time to eat before exercise?
What are some exercises for lower ab fat loss?
If you were a hotdog would you eat yourself?
I want to put on lean mass, what should my meals look like?
How long after eating oats should I workout to use the carbs from the oats as fuel?
What should I eat before an early morning jogging?
Is it better to exercise before or after eating?
I have been cycling for 15 days. I have cut down on carbs. What else shall I do to loose weight more effectively?
What did you do for others that is not good for your health?
Does a bad diet contribute to erratic behaviour in a person?
Do people really eat human beings when they're very hungry?
Why do we only sneeze when we're awake?
Why do people stop exercising and eating healthy when working 50-55 hours a week?
If I reduce my portion size without changing what I eat and my level of exercise, is there still a chance of losing weight?
How can a person sleep even though he's under the effect of meth?
How should I develop muscle strength through exercise and diet? Have tried varying my diet and exercise routine, but did not reap the benefits...
What is best diet for your knees strength?
I am working 11 hours a day as a software developer. I am 80kgs I have no time to exercise. What food will help me to reduce my weight for good shape?
How many grams of fat do I have to eat to gain one pound?
What will happen if I don't eat post workout?
How does a person try to get out of bed when depression is keeping them in?
Why is it sometimes hard for some people to both wake up and go to sleep?
Bodybuilding: Is it possible, for an average person, to gain 34lbs of muscle in 4 weeks like Tim Ferris claims in his book 4-hour body? Has anyone tried it?
How can I transform my body, given my personal quirks?
What is the best diet and exercise routine for a crossed Staffy/Heeler?
I would like to lead a healthier life, any advice? (Mostly eating/exercise but also general)
What is the appeal of chewing gum? Why do people chew it?
Bodybuilding: What are the best dressings to have on a salad?
Does low concentration means ADHD?
I am doing gym regularly with diet plan but my weight isn't increasing what shall I do?
What is the most weight you've lost, gained or a combination of both?
Can someone give me a full weekly meal plan?
Can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day, eating less, and eating more fruits and vegetables?
How can you reach a 50% protein, 15% fat, 35% carbs macro nutrient ratio without using supplements?
What will happen to me if I work out 2–3 times a week and barely eat?
Why do some people think eating gluten gives you 'the dumb'?
What is a low-cost healthy diet plan if one is to workout at a gym (Not for a heavy muscular body but just to remain fit and to burn some fat)?
What do I eat or do after a grueling workout (or (mental) work session) to replete willpower for another difficult task?
What is the best effective way to order bath, exercise, morning walk, green tea, meditation and breakfast in a morning routine?
Is white bread good for fitness?
Why do humans like to eat pizza, burgers?
Is there a way to lose fat without diet, by just being careful with what I eat and exercising?
Why do teenagers think that smoking cigarettes makes them 'cool'?
What would a human who never groomed him- or herself look like?
Should I eat before yoga?
Which is more important for energy, eating right or exercising?
Is comprising almond butter as my main source, perhaps only source, of fat, healthy for lean muscle building?
What is the lifestyle required to get rid of belly fat?
I'm 13 years old, 5"1 and 124.8 pounds. My goal weight is 110. I am looking for a healthy diet and excersize plan. How can I do this safely?
Can one be healthy just by eating healthy food and not getting any Physical exercise?
What can I do to get a good physique if I don't wish to spend too much money on my meal?
Is it healthy to eat high amount of junk foods and then excercise accordingly?
Why do people desire being wealthy so much?
How do I get rounder thighs and bigger buttocks? Also, I'm very thin so how many calories do I need to eat every day?
What was the prevalence of self-harm and self-injurious behavior prior to 1990?
What are some examples of having shared goals with friends that made you both succeed in the goal?
Is it bad to eat sweets and do cardio to cancel it out?
How do I get a flat stomach as a girl, while not being too muscular?
What exercises and food can I use to rebuild from an abdominal injury that has left me with a protruding gut?
Why do we take pride in our achievements when they are merely luck and judge those with less luck?
What kind of diet I should have in my starting days of Gym?
What kind of diet should you eat when participating in the YRG Fitness program?
What's a diet that's good for building muscle, and cutting fat?
What kind of diet keeps us fit and fine?
Human Behavior: What are the effective home methods of masturbation?
Out of the five or ten most likely ways I will die, which am I able to prevent?
Because of my schedule, my exercise has to happen about 45 minutes after eating breakfast (granola or peanut butter or something). Is that fine?
What happens when you laugh?
How do I (teenage girl) gain muscle?
Is entertainment necessary for human development?
What should I eat before exercise if I want to lose fat?Should I avoid fruits?
Can meditation help the INFPs?
What are the ways to gain control on your behaviour?
Why is that I can be very determined about some things ---such as studying abroad, becoming a vegan etc.--- but when it comes to exercising, losing weight or starting a new hobby I've been struggling with it for years?
How do I stop being germophobic?
What could I do (exercises and stuff) to improve my breathing?
What can I do to become a better health coach?
What are some of the effective ways to slow down and take a better care of yourself?
How do I get rid of improper sleeping habits?
Can increased exposure to anions (negative ions) improve health and decrease cancer risk?
How can I train my lower legs?
Is reading 2000 words per minute a good skill to have?
What is the best (non-team) sport for improving strength, agility, power, flexibility and balance?
How do I increase your running duration?
Why do we pick our nose and how can we train ourselves to stop?
What is the best way to readjust your sleep if you sleep in the morning and wake up in the afternoon?
What are the modern ways of getting rid of a unibrow?
How long until meditating helps?
What makes me addicted to milk?
How do I improve the color tone of my face?
How can I overcome my blood phobia?
How do I help people get to know, like and trust me in a very short period of time, that could be life-changing for both of us?
What are some ways to increase EBIT without increasing the sales?
How do I get rid of my stupid in-laws whose suggestions are always annoying and self-centric?
How can I feel positive all the time? How do I get rid of the negative vibes around me?
Can I improve my fitness with these exercises?
Has anybody been helped by Melanie Tonia Evans in narcissistic relationships?
How do you get rid of whiteheads around your mouth?
What are the most effective ways/methods for keeping your optimum mental capacity?
The past week I've been trying to improve my posture by drawing my shoulders down and back. My neck and trapezius are kinda tired and causing a little pain. Am I doing it wrong?
How do I relieve my stress right now?
What are the small habits that can change sleeping schedules for better health?
What is the best app to help start meditating daily?
Wellbeing: What are the main lifestyle-related behaviors that contribute to health problems, from a health care provider's perspective?
How do I get rid of pains and muscle stiffness in critical points like hands and feet?
How does oil pulling Ayurveda technique work to remove lethargy and laziness in the morning? What's the reason or science behind this?
Hypothetically speaking, let's say I have ADD. Is it possible to overcome it just because I've recognized I have a problem or does it always need consultation?
What is the best way to block porn?
What can I do if I'm in immense pain both physically and mentally with no chances of respite?
Should I be concerned about my short height?
Can anyone help me in getting rid of my bad habits regarding health?
What are the ways to get rid of flat foot?
What is the best way to deal with chronic stress as opposed to standard stress?
How can I get rid of eczema on my face?
How can I improve my health, given that I have to eat mess-food in college?
How can I be physically strong and powerful?
How can I program for long hours without harming my health?
How do I get rid of OCD?
How can we reduce nervousness?
Does quitting alcohol improve brain functions?
How can I get rid of these wretched, side snuggling, back thingies?
What exercises can be used to help improve sight?
Can I improve my body and eating by joining a gym?
How do I get rid of under-confidence, sleep deprivation, feeling fatigued, and being a useless booger and gain will power as a 14-year-old?
What are some great ways to get into meditation?
How do I get rid of these painful, itchy skin sores that the doctor said are caused by a non-herpes virus?
Meditation: Has anyone tried this challenge? What are your opinions about it?
How does one stay energetic in the day after getting a poor sleep the night before?
Is there a cure for chronic fatigue that actually works?
How do I increase my cheeks?
What is the best way to improve stamina?
How can I completely get rid of my sexual desire and stop lusting after someone?
What are some of the most effective ways of achieving and maintaining a desired behavioural change (say a person wants to quit smoking, quit porn-watching, or start exercising regularly)?
How can I stop drinking?
India: What are the best ways to keep an existing house cool in dry summers?
How can I get rid of my battlenet account?
How can a 50-year-old person keep motivated to exercise?
Does aspirin improve running performance?
How can I strengthen my joints?
How do I break a habit I've had for 15 years?
What are some well-known software programs to organizations in the world or game hack organization?
What are some energetic foods or drinks for the day?
What are some techniques/tricks people can use to improve their posture while working on a laptop?
How can I stop sighing?
What behaviors could you adopt or change to help you become more resistant to infection in general? How would this behavioral change increase your resistance to infection?
What are you doing to increase your health span?
How can I improve my oral health?
How can we take care of e-waste in Nepal (developing country)?
What can I learn in 10 minutes about beauty and health that can make me look better for life?
Is giving soldiers drugs an effective way to increase their efficiency?
How can I stop oversleeping?
Is it necessary to stay energetic to become successful? How can I do it?
How can you increase your bust?
How have you changed yourself physically and mentally over the past few years?
What is a way to avoid having breath in the morning?
How do I improve myself a bit everyday?
What are some every day changes in your lifestyle that will improve your health?
What are some ways for me to develop a more exciting and energetic personality?
Is there a natural cure for gout?
How can I get rid of gynaecomestia?
What are some good habits to start my day with?
How do Superachievers and workaholics maintain a high energy level and attention span throughout the day?
Psychologists, how can I get rid of melancholy?
What is the best way to improve my box jump height?
How do I get rid of a mentally sick & mad person and also get over the victim mentality?
What are the best ways to stay mentally and physically active throughout the day?
What are some good books on how to take care of oneself physically or mentally?
Are the benefits of meditation due to the focused attention?
Is it all right to be super aware of current feelings, constantly looking to change bad ones to good ones, usually with materialistic things, food, cigarettes etc.?
Is it right that I am only 21 and I always look for peace rather than being energetic or enthusiastic?
What are some effective ways to stop the reduce the effects of ageing on the body?
Why do we feel sleepy and exhausted while preparing for an exam ? But full of energy and no sleep at all right after we are done?
Why would a person start crying and shivering? What could be the underlying cause, and what could be the solution?
What is the name of the effect caused by alcohol the makes me do things which I normally wouldn't do or regret later?
Why do people of the age 14-17 and older smoke? Isn't it obvious that it kills you?
Why does your head hurt when you are thinking?
What can I do to make myself exercise every morning?
Does it really feel good to smoke?
If early to bed and early to rise is a good idea, why is it so hard to do it?
Why do most smokers think they can quit smoking?
Will someone stop perceiving depth information if one has only one eye?
How does water deficiency affect human behaviour?
Which vein do people squeeze to make other people faint, or is it a muscle?
Why do human beings feel sleepy?
What are some interesting morning habits of well-balanced people?
Does drinking alcohol help in improving human behavior? If yes, how?
Why does one feel guilty the morning after heavy drinking?
Is it healthier to express annoyance regularly than it is to consistently be calm, but on occasion have a massive tantrum?
Why do people love?
Who has the greatest power to heal your wounds?
What is it like to have lived under a medical quarantine due to a pandemic, illness in the family/self, or disease outbreak?
Are the bad effects of marijuana underrated?
How do you distinguish between an actual need for rest and laziness?
Why do people misjudge those who smoke marijuana, while cigarettes and alcohol both destroy their health and life but are idolized by the media?
Are there particular physical and psychological traits which distinguish vegetarians from the non vegetarians?
In what ways do medical professionals follow up with patients suffering from lifestyle disorders who stubbornly neglect any lifestyle-modifications or health-related advice and yet demand medical help?
Are higher levels of anxiety positively correlated with a person's tendency to be more organized?
Why do people abuse paracetamol?
What are the implications when smoking in public?
Are people suffering from Hashimoto's thyroiditis always tired and sluggish?
Why do we get an urge to crack knuckles?
Why do people drink cola even they know cola is bad for their health?
How can I combat negative thoughts that attack me when I'm alone?
What are some interesting stories about the effects of someone's bad memory?
To what degree is high oxalate consumption an unrecognized health problem for many people who consume either the typical Western diet or even a healthier diet?
Is it common to get one's pinkie toe hurt on the house furniture?
Why is there a stigma against protecting your hearing from loud sounds (e.g., music) by covering/plugging your ears?
Is it possible for diversity and/or tolerance to be harmful? Under what circumstances?
How do I deal with a negative person who bitches about everyone else, always sees the glass half empty, is not ready to understand when I try to point out his/her negative nature, and happens to be my friend and roommate whose negativity affects my life?
Can starving yourself make you cranky?
Do people sneeze in their sleep?
Has there ever been a case when a patient had a DNR, but the doctor still resuscitated? And what would be the consequences of violating the DNR?
What part of my brain lights up when I laugh with someone as opposed to laughing at them?
How can one be someone whom everyone likes to talk to?
When we yawn, others follow suit and yawn also. Do deaf people become affected in the same way?
What makes us want to pick our scabs?
If humans could live forever, would people take less physical risks and would death be more tragic?
How should a Highly Sensitive Person cope with the condition?
Why do we feel thirsty after a bath?
Prior to defecation, is there more pressure exerted on the prostate, and could this affect arousal potential or other personality factors?
Do doctors of all ages masturbate? Can it happen in between long hours at work?
Does the body benefit when we scratch it?
Is there is a similar book to "The easy way to stop smoking" that can help wean people off pornography?
What is it about getting older that scares people, especially those transitioning into their 50s and 60s?
How do I check which element out of 5 elements is dominating so that I can avoid food to prevent stomach related problems?
Do you clench your teeth in your sleep?
What does it feel like to be overweight and then losing the excess? How do people treat you differently?
When eating in a plate, do you usually eat first the least liked food first and leave the most liked food last? Why?
Why do intelligent people smoke?
Has any Facebook app, group, or page improved the health behavior of lots of people?
Do any of the advertisements about the harm that nicotine causes have any impact on the smokers?
Can coffee ruin one's sleeping pattern?
Apart from it being impolite, why shouldn't you point your index finger in someone's direction?
What can be a weird tingly feeling in my head?
What first aid do I need to prepare before scaring people?
How do I stop the urge to shave my facial hair?
What is the neurophysiological difference between when you laugh at others and when you laugh with others?
Why do people faint because of the heat?
What do you think about making your kids suck it up when they're physically hurt?
What are some of the side effects (negative or positive) of regularly watching porn?
How can I become a self-challenged person?
Is the increasing medicalisation of things that were previously considered normal parts of human experience harmful or beneficial? Why?
Why do most white people go on jogs/runs?
Why do some people faint?
What's the effects of talking straight?
How do I break the vicious cycle of sleeping late and waking up late?
Why should you not get addicted to alcohol after love failure?
Does sliding mode control have a promising future?
Is use of protein powders & drinks good for normal person?
Why do we kill the mentally sick but quarantine the physically sick?
Why do we smoke?
Can sleep be mimicked by something else?
Can open mindedness ever be a bad thing?
Sometimes I have a hard time connecting with other guys, what can I do to fix this?
Complementary and Alternative Medicine: Do endomorphs retain the personality characteristics of their type if they follow a disciplined diet and exercise?
Why do old people in villages wash their hands and their utensils only where they had food?
Why are human eyes so good at detecting motion?
Why do people tell fat people that they are beautiful?
Why do humans beat, massage or otherwise physically stimulate their forehead when thinking intensively?
Some people spend more money on their image then their health, or other things that actually benefit themselves. Why do people want to look and feel wealthy?
When I'm nervous, my stomach always makes strange sounds, even if I've eaten a full meal. How can I stop this? It's embarrassing and puts me off doing a lot of things.
What is the best way to answer your manager who asks you to come to the office when you are sick?
Are obese people uncomfortable all the time?
How common is it for someone who has survived cancer to become more reckless with their health afterwards?
Why do some people have hyperactivity after not having enough sleep?
What triggers do you use for your meditation habits?
Do more interesting people sleep less?
Whenever we see someone drinking water,why do we feel the urge to do the same,even if we are not thirsty?
What is the optimal amount of exercise that one needs to complete to see the maximum health benefits before they experience diminishing returns?
Why do we find taking bath in hot water soothing?
Why is slouching more comfortable than standing/sitting up straight?
Do elevated testosterone levels make men more likely to cheat?
Zombies: Name of the virus that makes germs of disease?
Why do people tend to gain more weight in winter time?
Can always being serious cause health problems?
What do you call the condition where you never experience menstruation?
Despite health warnings, a large number of people continue to smoke all over the world. Should we be concerned, and are there any solutions?
Why would someone continue smoking?
Would you stand up for someone if you know you're going to get physically hurt? Why?
Is being around negative people bad for you?
How do you feel about healthy rich people who complain a lot?
Why wasn't masturbation called selfy?
Is it a psychological condition?
Is it physically and/or emotionally unhealthy to lie?
It seems like a ghost enters my body every time I consume alcohol--I do all sorts of weird things like calling people late at night and messaging random numbers. Why does this happen?
Sometimes when I'm angry, I hit myself. Other times I've physically hurt the people I love. How can I deal with this anger?
For some reason, I feel ultra-motivated only at night, but because of day time, I also start to feel sleepy. What is up with this, and does anyone have any suggestions/comments/personal experiences regarding this?
Why do we get congested when we cry?
Why do certain people shout before sneezing?
How do I keep myself active after 8 hours of work?
What is that one thought in your mind that nobody knows and yet you fight to live with it?
Why does my mouth open while I sleep and how can I prevent it?
Are there any real effects of television watching on the development of a baby?
Why do people avoid coming to counseling?
How can a physically weak person survive among strong people?
Does psychology affect how we quantify and/or perceive physical pain?
Why do people get knocked out after getting hit on their head?
Why don't we drink enough water?
Why do we feel weak after donating blood?
Why does it matter whether you sleep before or after 11pm depending on when you wake up?
Why do we prefer warm water to bath whereas cool air for surroundings?
What are some characteristics of a healthy family?
Why are people turning to holistic health more these days?
Can suicide be cosiderated a psychological autoimmune disease/disorder?
Urine is a very good fertilizer. Shouldn't peeing on a tree be encouraged over peeing in a urinal and wasting it?
Is the apparent correlation betwen menstruation and the Gregorian calendar pure coincidence?
According to the present research and data, how often did the early man fall sick and how did he figure out the treatment for various diseases?
What are the main reasons for eating when under stress? How do you overcome this habit?
Why do people that only talk about weight loss and food drive me nuts?
Thermodynamics: Why do we feel colder in the dark?
Does blowing over a birthday cake to blow out its candles contaminate it by spreading germs over it?
What are the dangers of television?
Do more people have a hard time falling asleep at night or is it considered more normal to fall asleep quickly?
Why is my body still not used to my sleeping schedule?
Why do leg muscles tighten when one takes a bite of something very delicious?
Is it true that person who think less has less tension and less anger? How?
What is the longest time a person can lie immobile on their back without developing back damage or bedsores?
Why would a person exhibit a behavioral pattern where ailments are adapted?
What does it mean for someone to be a "shut-in"?
What does it mean to forget logic to stop procastination?
What things do people do hoping to attain good health but end up harming themselves?
What are healthy ways of having conflicts/confrontations?
What are some measurable medical metrics that can evaluate if someone is in good mental and physical shape?
Why do people feel so tired in summer?
What is the moment when you feel happy?
Whenever you yawn deeply does your ear become muted during the duration of the yawn?
What should be the gap between two masturbation sessions?
If we give up our dreams will something bad happen?
Why do some people decide to bodybuild and become massive?
Why do some people sneeze quietly?
Does one's genetics have an effect on one's happiness?
What are the best ways to be mentally fit (not intellectually), but have a good and healthy intellectuality without therapy or counseling?
What should a 25 year old start doing now to live an healthy life into 60s?
How do I relieve myself from parental pressure and criticism?
How can I get rid of a rash from deodorant?
What is the most efficient way to increase hormone levels?
Can you get rid of cellulite on the back of your legs?
What is the best way to make yourself energetic for the entire day?
Who are some of the people that sleep less and still work hard?
What are a few exercises which help get rid of obesity, but do not affect growth?
What do I do with my laziness?
How do I get rid of the bad odor from freshly made wedding cards?
Is it possible to get rid of hypersensitivity?
What can I do to retain my physical fitness and mental health as I live past the age of 30?
Which inauspicious objects should one get rid of immediately?
What are the best foods and exercises to improve lung health?
Which is the most energetic and least energetic form of cyclohexane?
How do I get rid of white spots on my teeth?
What is one piece of general knowledge you have come across (sifting through books/documentaries/reports) that not many people know?
What are the things that exhaust us (mentally, physically, both)?
What are some ways to naturally enhance your glutes without working out?
Why does exercise make me feel worse off?
What are some multi-vitamins that allow you to focus for long hours and be very energetic?
How do I get rid of magical thinking (anxiety)?
How can I get rid of air in the water lines?
What are the effective ways to calm yourself down when you are almost OOC?
How do you improve the Toes-to-Bar (TTB) movement in your workout?
How do I get rid of the white patches on my elbow?
How can I avoid sitting down too much?
How could one increase their dopamine levels for a long time naturally?
How can I get rid off from stomach pain?
How can I get rid of pissants in my kitchen?
Male entrepreneurs, if you came upon a site that would give you membership access to weekly workouts, meal plans, system for getting more done in less time and finding balance in your life, would you join it?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What does it feel like to have to get rid of a lot of stuff?
How did large dinosaurs get rid of excess body heat?
What health goals should a woman set for herself in her early 20's?
As a 50-year-old, how do I get rid of the prostate?
How do you stop ferrets from smelling?
What is the best exercises (books, etudes, etc.) to develop a technique and gain better speed based on your very own experience?
How can we overcome the bad effects of antibiotics?
How do I get rid of assholes in life?
How can I improve my running posture?
What are ways to get rid of premature wrinkles?
What are some tried and tested ways to get rid of Mormons and Jehova's Witnesses when they come knocking at your door?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts?
How do I increase my eye vision as I'm wearing specs?
How could you self-cure bulimia?
What is the quickest way to increase my arm strength?
What are techniques to get rid of cramps at school?
What is the best way to get rid of self pity?
What are the best ways of being on the ball, maintaining concentration and reducing mistakes during a normal 8 hour day?
How can I get rid of social jet lag quickly after having a long-time holiday?
What are good ways to walk correctly?
No matter how much self-help I seek out, I still feel the same. Why?
How can I get rid of belly button gunk?
How can I solve my "unsure" mind problem? (read the description to understand what I want to say)
What are the best tips to improve BMI (body mass index) to normal?
How can I get rid off of unnecessary distractions that are no longer needed in my life?
What are some homeopathic ways to get rid of fleas?
How can I get rid of my feet pain?
How can I get rid of the obsessive-compulsive disorder of sleeping late at night?
What is the best way to get rid of plantar warts?
Is there any exercise or remedy that can help to get rid of cellulite?
How do you get rid of a head cold?
How do you get rid of a mouth blister?
Is there a way to stop masturbating and control myself from doing it daily 2 times?
How do you get rid of hair getting tangled when you are out?
How do I get rid of the shadow of divorce?
How come dentists always tell me I'm doing something wrong, no matter how hard I try to follow their advice?
How do I gain my self-confidence back when I have been depending on luck all the time?
How can one regain confidence after experiencing mental health issues and maintain that confidence despite ongoing mental health issues?
What are some good ways to get rid of heartburn?
How can I quit smoking if I am a weak person with low will power?
What can I do to train my willpower? And how do I do anything energetically?
How do you get rid of hairy arms?
Why do we produce green mucus? How can we get rid of it physically?
What kind of fruit (or vegetable) prevents or gets rid of diabetes?
What is the best mindset to get rid of bad life situation which really sucks and make you depressed?
Is there an effective way to prevent canker sores?
How do I get rid of my kitten's odor?
How can I decrease or get rid of the sweating in the armpit parts?
How do I 'get rid of' my deep affection for my girlfriend?
How do you strengthen your mind to withstand incredible career pressure?
What should I do to get rid of a severe head congestion?
What is the most effective way to smell your own breath?
What are ways to naturally get rid of armpit odor?
Does playing cards boost your brain health?
Are there any medicines to stop a tumour progression?
What is the ultimate way to stop sharing the pain?
How can one get rid of their tensions when working with deadlines?
Can I do yoga in the morning and running in the evening on a daily basis?
How do I get rid of misogynistic thoughts and feelings from my mind?
How can I get rid of a dead animal in the wall?
How does a person develop a healthy attitude towards sex?
How do you get rid of pus in the back of your throat?
Where can I find free online guided self-hypnosis which actually helps in pain relief?
How can you improve the smell of your breath?
How can running every day improve me physically and mentally?
How do I constantly grow and improve myself both in mentality & Physicality?
How do I commute from Noida to Daryaganj on a daily basis, besides the metro?
How does meditation improve intelligence?
Why do people get so defensive and attacking whenever someone raises questions regarding the logical sense of homosexuality?
Why do people drink coffee with 6 creams and 5 sugars?
Why do people worry about their health?
When is the last time you went outside?
Why is sitting so bad for you?
Why is it whenever I don't sleep for many days I become extremely emotionally sensitive, negative, and immature? Is this normal?
Why do we feel stress?
How does smoking marijuana in the long-term affect your personality and thinking when sober?
Is it normal for someone to be scared of becoming an amputee? Is this normal?
Why is obesity being celebrated in recent media, after people have been trying to enforce healthy body images for so long to get rid of the idea of anorexia being attractive? Why would people want to advertise obesity, which is just as unhealthy?
Why are there so many people hating on girls being skinny, while one of the biggest diseases of the Western world is obesity?
Why does the style and sound of sneezing vary from person to person?
Do more crimes and fatal accidents occur at night? If so, are there overall benefits to reversing the typical wake-sleep pattern?
How does the use of oral contraceptives affect behavior and sexuality?
Why do people hide their pain even when they are very hurt?
What are some benefits of social drinking?
Why do some people speak the name of god(s) after sneezing/yawning?
Why is there more rush at a wine shop than a milk shop?
Is it bad to fear the dark so bad at age 14-15?
Why am I so frustrated when I'm physically tired?
Why do people say we are not supposed shake our legs continuously when we are in a sitting position? Is this due to a health reason or is it not good etiquette?
What emotion is most associated with slouching?
How do physical dysfunctions come from repeated motions? How does the assembly line shape the behavior of the workers?
What is so good about drinking beer and wine?
How do I smile more?
Why, and when, in time did humans start sleeping on the bed?
Why do fat and overweight people breathe heavier than its counterpart, fit people?
Recently, I've found myself completely sapped of energy and motivation. Could it be due to stress from recent tests I had taken?
Why do people still think that video games are harmful for your health?
Is it possible to think yourself better from certain minor aches and pains?
How many people actually wash their hands after they pee in the privacy of their own home?
How long can you bear to stay idle like when your mind hardly goes through a deserving exercise?
How much faster do people having a chronic depression age?
Do people who sneeze incredibly loud do so intentionally?
Why do people make such a big deal about STD's?
Does our personal relations with people affect our achievements and success? If yes, then how does it affect?
Sexuality: Why am I so horny, even when I get sex in this week more than 3 times?
Is it true that people hesitate to tell their children reality sometimes, even though they know it might harm someday?
Why are people cling so strongly to alternative  remedies (i.e., "therapies" for which research has failed to prove their efficacy)
What is the reason for one to yawn a lot?
Why do people often become irritable when they are tired?
Why do some people get more "old" such as the senile type, poor mobility, slow cognitive functioning, than other people at even older ages in their 80s whom seem like they still have their wits as if they were in their 50s?
Is it possible to get the caffeine effects without taking it?
Why do people get tired so easily?
How do you treat autosomal aneuploidy?
If people say "depression and anxiety is caused by heart problems in any age " while doctors say that the heart is functioning normally then what does that mean?
There is a belief that shaking the legs is considered a bad behaviour. Is there any scientific reason behind that?
How many people are CPR certified?
Why do we get sleepy?
What is the weird thing that happens when your nose suddenly clears up and everything just becomes clearer all of a sudden?
Do people get time to exercise after graduating from the IIMs?
Is masturbation cheating the system?
Can fasting reverse the sleep-wake (diurnal) cycle back to its natural rhythm?
Why do people become so tired once they reach 30?
If yawning helps you be more alert, does forcefully stopping myself from yawning enable me to sleep easily?
Is my attachment to my stuffed animal unhealthy?
What is the most convincing/satisfying answer to the question "why do you smoke?" for someone who doesn't want to quit nor to be bothered about quitting?
Should we care about being hated by people? If not, is there any training to get rid of it?
Is it true that masturbation makes people dumb? Is there a scientific explanation behind it?
Is it mean to act like a normal person when someone close to you is not well?
Why are some people much more prone to addiction than others?
Why does this happen whenever I find something disturbing?
Why do we feel intense joy and unhealthy when there is congestion on the opposite lane and everything runs on ours?
How can I cure myself of my masturbation problem and conquer my demons?
What is wrong with my sleeping pattern?
Why do pillows make us feel comfortable while sleeping?
How should I react if my friends tease me all the time for being fat?
How does one stay grounded while remaining open to being inspired?
Why do some people have trouble sleeping with the lights switched on, even though we sleep with our eyes closed?
Why do we always look at the water in the glass before drinking?
Are fat people limited in bed?
Why is the risk of a stroke in young people on the rise?
Why do people close their ears when vomiting?
Why do people consume alcohol despite the awful taste?
How does pornography harm a teenager's life? How can a teenager avoid it?
What are the Christian arguments against masturbation?
Why are there so many Americans who feel stressful?
How do one armed people wash their remaining hand?
Does the Medibank Private Health hub and associated marketing actually get people to change behaviour?
Do people with prosopagnosia see faces and don't recognize them or are the face blurred?
When is going too slow fast?
Why are humans disgusted by the smell of somebody breaking wind but not by the smell of our own wind?
How many times does a person masturbate on average?
Why do people smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol though they know it's injurious to health?
Why do people suddenly inhale lots of air when they get shocked?
Why do some people become motion sick easily while others do not?
Why is it so easy to stay awake until 6am but so hard to wake up at 6am?
Why do my eyes water when I yawn? Why do I yawn so much?
What is the best way to react when people address you as fat so often?
Is it normal to feel lazy after meditation?
Why do some people get nauseated when they play or watch first-person-shooter games?
Why do people feel the need to give me glares and go out of their way to forcefully cough in my face?
Why do college guys drink and smoke?
Health: How do I stop a yawn in its tracks?
What is concealed in human ovulation given that human menstruation is absolutely obvious?
Why shouldn't we judge someone by their drinking habits? Isn't drinking a bad thing?
As we age, do we actually get more hungover or are we just drinking more?
What makes us smile? Are there any interesting facts behind it?
What does it take to have a complete change in lifestyle?
How do you manage stress as a waiter, when people don't tip?
Is jerking off daily healthy and what are the health points?
Is it worse for one's health to lie down than to sit while reading, writing, watching TV, etc.?
Why are cigarettes still sold even though they are harmful?
Does yawning produce melatonin?
Is it possible that some people need much less sleep than others?
Is masturbation bad for sportsmen?
Can weak people with a weak digestion and immune system join a gym?
Is cynicism healthy? Or is it a sign of depression?
What is the physiological basis of trembling hands?
How do obese people maintain pride in their looks?
Why are we so hesitant to go for medical examination when we are ill?
How can one treat low spermcount?
Why do people fast?
How would people react if diseases were only transmissible instead of contagious?
Is forcing a smile a better behavior than allowing smiles to come when they do?
Is it possible to be addicted to something you've never had?
Nowadays people struggle with stress. What's the reason?
Why does vaginal sexual intercourse feel different with different women? Are all vaginas the same or, if not, what causes the penis to feel different?
Is it healthy that I badly want to be alone and in isolation?
Why are most people careless regarding their own health in spite of being well-educated and wealthy?
What will get rid of strong odors?
How can I get rid of my extremely horny nature?
How do I naturally get rid of an allergy that makes me sneeze?
How do I make my stomach stronger?
How do I get rid of fat deposits?
How can I keep my motivation to achieve something ever active?
How to get rid of chest pain fast and naturally?
What are the daily habits that have an immense impact on fitness and health?
How can I get rid of obesity?
The doctor said "you have nerves on your intestines." What did she mean by that? Is it bad? Should I change my eating habits?
How do I rid myself of Complacency?
How do you get rid of your introspection?
How do I get rid of a possessive tag at the workplace?
How do I get rid from family tensions?
How can I stop thinking about fitness, gym, exercise and eating healthy all the time?
How do I keep myself active?
How can I get a body like this?
What is a good book on fixing postural problems for standing, sitting and fixating on a computer, reading and using my phone?
How do I get back to my old (last 2 years) eating habit?
How do I become a good telemedicine Health professional?
How can I improve my mental energy level?
How can I fix my eyesight?
How do I become taller, stronger and healthier? Where should I begin?
How can I get rid of my feelings?
What is the best way to get rid of fever blisters fast?
How drastically can your face change through exercise and by getting lean?
How can I improve my sleeping habits during vacations?
How do I follow a diet if I work at night times and day times regularly?
Does working in alternate shifts (night-day-night and so on) affects badly your body weight, hairs and skin? I have lost my hairs, body weight decreased, less hunger, and skin tone also became darker. What can I do to improve my health?
How do you take care of yourself?
How can I get rid of an oily nose?
How do I overcome that every morning I feel very sleepy and cannot concentrate on my studies, and my headaches too despite sleeping for 8-9 hours every night?
What is the best way to get rid if excess fat without exercising or dieting?
What is the best medicine to calm oneself?
What if we make a bomb potent enough to destroy this entire planet to get rid of all the problems?
What are the ways to reduce anger?
Can low calories and low body fat correlate with depression?
How do you get rid of redness on your face?
How do you get rid of the garlic taste in your mouth?
How do you get rid of the smelly smell of my blue judogi?
How can I get rid of texting girls?
What are the best ways to prevent alcohol overconsumption?
How do I get rid of lines under my eyes?
How does walking meditation help? What is its protocol?
Does napping during the day reduced the time I need to sleep at night?
What can I do to get rid of rotten egg burps?
How do I get rid of the things which depress me?
Can 7 Dust get rid of fleas?
How do I get rid of spider veins on my nose?
What is a healthy medication/supplement to help noticeably improve focus/drive?
What is the fastest way to improve cardiovascular fitness?
What are the best ways to overcome anemia?
What is the best way to get rid of foggy-headedness from grief and depression after losing a loved one?
How can I get rid of a down mood caused by a sad farewell in 24 hours?
Certain thoughts and images are always stuck in the head, how to get rid of those?
How do you get rid of pockmarks?
What are the most effective ways to eliminate triggers?
How can I get rid of grudges against my own mother?
Physical Therapy: What is a good way to increase knee flexion?
How do I motivate myself to exercise in the lazy lethargic atmosphere of winter?
How can I walk away from an unhealthy behavior?
How can I increase my hip and thighs at home?
What is the medicine for joint pain? Is there one that you do not develop a tolerance for?
What can I do or take to get rid of a fungus called the acremonium species?
How do I improve my blood circulation?
It is safe to use allopathic medicine for using personal improvement?
Does swallowing garlic help get rid of ringworms?
How do health/beauty brands cultivate a strong following?
What strategy helped you both lose weight and maintain energy levels or even increase them?
How can I get rid of an eating disorder?
What is a good way to improve my running abilities?
How do I motivate my wife to get fit?
How can I get rid of sweaty palms and feet?
How do I get rid of my overemotional nature?
What is the best way to get rid of the metallic aftertaste from an orally disintegrating tablet?
What are the quickest and daily ways for improving one's health?
What is the best (& cheap) way to get rid of body odour?
How can I get rid of a quarrelsome wife?
How do I get rid of impotence?
Will the gym help me get rid of a minor depression, even though my body is not the reason for the depression?
How do I get rid of my lisp and improve my speech quality?
Is it possible to achieve for yourself the same dramatic weight loss routinely shown on the TV show "Extreme Weight Loss? How?
How can I get rid of excess fat and gain mass?
How can I get rid of a strong bond with my crush?
What are the best ways to treat thrush in children?
What are some proven ways I can overcome my vices?
How do you get rid of dry, cracked heels?
How can one be a less energetic speaker?
How can I get rid of eczema?
How do I get rid of dark toenails?
If I'm not in a certain mood, I can't bring myself to be productive no matter what. This habit is problematic for my academic and professional performance. How do I break this?
How do you get rid of blood pimples?
How do you change your mindset about health?
Can abstinence from sex improve our health, looks, intelligence, etc.?
How do I get rid of acidity and headache?
Losing motivation to workout at home. How do I get my motivation to lift again?
How did Johnny Depp get rid of his bad teeth?
How do you get rid of a wrist ganglion without an operation?
Can anyone get rid of drinking habit by hypnosis therapy?
How do I keep myself active throughout the day?
How do I get rid of pimple redness overnight?
How can one increase his/her accuracy while doing some task?
How can I get rid of acne problems and what are the causes?
Why does meditation help reduce stress?
What should I do to get rid of this person?
How do I get rid off morning weakness?
How can I stop surviving and start thriving?
How can I get rid of my hatred and anger towards myself and others?
What are the best ways to treat thrush?
How do you get rid of frown lines on forehead?
How do you get rid of tooth pain?
How do you get rid of the Holden Caulfield syndrome?
Is it possible to increase one's capacity to simultaneously consider multiple pieces of information?
What chores do you do on a daily basis to reduce the burden on your husband?
As an Indian citizen, what is the best I can do with the mostly biased media, who are making big issues out of nothing?
What can I do to get rid of this awful cramping I get between the thumb and forefinger of my fretting hand when I'm playing the guitar?
What are some great ways or techniques to improve breathing and/or form while performing burpee exercises?
Will the health of my lungs significantly improve if I just smoke five sticks a day instead of one pack a day?
How do I get rid of my father's hold on my life?
What are the best ways to feel great right after waking up in the morning, both physically and mentally?
Does cuddling with a dog relieve stress?
How often do people with chronic migraines have them stop recurring for good?
Whenever I'm furiously angry, my nose starts to gush blood at a 0.5 drop per second tempo for 15 or more minutes. Is that something serious to look into?
If humans started to work during the night and sleep during the day, would the next generation of humans be nocturnal?
What are some reasons that might cause constant sleepiness?
How do you calm someone down if they aren’t able to give or withhold consent but won’t give assent to medical procedure like cardioversion?
Why do people make me sick?
Why do smart people often collapse?
What are the consequences of masturbating everyday? I masturbate once a day and sometimes its thrice? Is it normal?
Do people get phantom pains during withdrawal from opioid painkillers?
Is is it normal to change opinions and feelings about stuff/people a lot all the time? Like multiple times on the same day
Why do you put all sick people together in a hospital?
Men's Health: I am 19 and mastrubate daily, is this normal? How will it affect my health?
Which is more harmful sitting or lying down?
How do so many people manage to function perfectly well when they are evidently unhealthy and rarely exercise?
What are the ways in which music has changed you for the better?
Why we resist taking a bath, knowing that it is good?
Why am I more hungry when I'm not going to school.
Is it rude or uncouth not to cover your mouth when you cough if you're on your own?
What is the human dosage of acepromazine?
Why isn't there a cure for mental deterioration and panic disorder when so many people are disabled, homeless inefficient and simply broken?
How do I recover from three sleepless nights?
Why do some people get sick on car rides?
What is it like to get rid of all emotions?
Why are some people prejudiced against overweight people?
What are the health benefits of peeing standing up?
Why is plastic not being banned, even if it is considered as one of the things that will eat the entire world one day?
How does people without large intenstine survive?
Does poor customer behavior make employees stressed out?
Can stupidity be cured?
What are the effects on health of shame?
How often do people have little symptoms that they don't go to the doctor for?
Why are some people more energetic?
Why do some people breathe from their mouths?
What happen if I masturbate several times per week?
What is the cause of a sudden loud hiccups?
Are people with depression more likely to be left-wing?
What would be the possible reasons for woman to stay inside of home instead of being out?
How does PCP affect a person physically?
Why do people get tired even when they are sitting in a bus or a plane?
What does craving for ice chips shows? Is it a disease or a normal behavior?
Does crying out aloud have benefits, especially to your heart?
Is it bad for a 16 year old to be nocturnal?
Does everyone always shower after taking a poop if possible?
Is being sarcastic bad for your health?
What happens if someone skips adolescence?
Why are some people are more prone to deep self-analyzing and self-mastering/actualization?
Psychology of Everyday Life: How can people unable to work due to disabilities live so relaxed?
Why does the same person is treated nicely when she looks good, but treated badly when this person does not look as good anymore?
Are there any risks for my health if I try to switch from being right-handed to left-handed?
For what reason does an infant stool become dark green?
Are obese people more empathic than skinny/normal/whatever you call it ones?
Is it normal to wash your palms every 10-15 minutes?
Which type of swimsuit is the best for thin-framed people?
Why can't people stop drinking though they know it's bad for their health and it makes some conflicts or a miserable life?
What misconceptions do people have about fat people?
Do people eat according to the food's nutrition value?
Why do people make fun of obese people?
Is it normal for the ribs and backribs to show?
What are some possible reasons someone may find himself unable to do any mental hard working?
Do other people pound (bang) on their head when they have a headache?
How much do people fart?
Is drinking acohol bad?
Why are many people so focused on preventing hair loss and on growing more hair?
Why are so many people in America allergic to peanuts?
Do food, exercises, and climate have influence on one's mood? If so, how do these things influence?
Instead of anti- smoking ad campaigns and making normal people feel bad about themselves, why can't the govt just ban cigarettes?
Why don't we eat healthy?
How can yawning be neuro-physiologically described?
If hypnotherapy really effective to change behaviour?
Why do some people get hiccups when they eat?
Would you eat food off the ground?
Is it possible that I cannot function well in the same room with my sibling-sister that annoys me? (with whom I have not-so-good relation)
Why do naturally skinny people run?
Give me some tricks for masturbation?
Why do people like to consume?
Why do people consider fat women "real" and skinny women "fake"?
Why would someone smoke oregano? Are there any health risks or benefits?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Why would you want to break your own wrist?
Is frequent masturbation normal for girls? And why do I feel bad after doing it?
How can I stop going to the bathroom in the mornings?
Who does masturbation?
What are the top 5 things 90% of the people get wrong?
What do you say to some self-obsessed people who always claim that they too thin and they don't put on weight at all, even though while looking at them you feel they are not so skinny?
How can narcissist become healthy?
How do I manage hunger with no appetite?
Why to people actually want to get sick to avoid doing things they dread?
Why don't some people care about their own health?
Why does alcohol reduce essential tremor short term but it's worse the day after?
Who gets more disturbed by being hungry, fat or thin people?
What types of "rules" do people use to govern healthy eating?
Is it considered bulimic if you make yourself get sick because the food you just ate makes you feel bad (bloated/ill)?
Is there scientific evidence that people are more likely to get ill before exams?
What makes a person feel sleepy?
Why do people celebrate with unhealthy things like alcohol and cake, but not healthy food?
Are some people immune to antidepressant medication?
Which is a good genuine group on net to help obese people like me?
Why do we have a sudden urge to drink water after eating anything sweet?
Why are people indifferent about their health? Why do so many people smoke and consume fast food while they are all aware and educated?
Why is it that people (more often than not) advise against going to gym: myths or scientific reasons?
Is it okay for someone to gossip about someone else's serious health problems?
Why does people get bald at younger age?
Why do some people condemn consuming alcohol (health reasons)? Don't they know anything not in moderation has ill-effects?
How do you report a person for a wellness check?
As an introvert, does associating with people online make you tired?
Why do people get surprised when they hear a very fat girl has a boyfriend? Aren't fat people humans?
Is it a sickness to want to understand one's emotions and thoughts to the point of obsession? If so, what is its name?
Health: How do I undo / suppress the damage of sitting?
How can we get young people to care more about their health?
Why do people eat unhealthy food if they know it's unhealthy?
How do people cope with having chronic paresthesia?
How frequently can one masturbate without health concerns?
If we neglect to take care of other humans to care of the humans under our responsibility, does this show we do not have humanity?
What are the benefits of resisting yawning?
Is it normal that sometimes the thought of killing myself gives me a sense of relief?
Why do people talk about free healthcare while it's not " free " at all?
What is the most you can masturbate without it affecting you?
Hypothetically, if a person was in a well-cushioned elevator and the cable snaps on, say, the 20th floor, would the person survive?
Why do people always insist that becoming vegan is a personal choice?
Why do people say do not go outside after sneezing?
How do we get people to stop drinking and driving?
In India do people care about disposable tableware's quality and hygiene?
What would cause me to randomly cry when I wake up?
Why do people start drinking?
What stops people from exercising?
Do doctors take advantage of people who don't know enough about medicine and how their body works?
Would you get cryogenically frozen? Why?
Why do people smoke when the risks are so serious?What can be done to discourage them?
Does daily masturbating lead to depression, anxiety, and weakness?
What is the psyche of people behind health product?
Is it bad to prefer not taking on many responsibilities?
What do MMA fighters do when they get sick? Both When Training for a fight, and the Day OF/BEFORE the Fight?
Do people judge you if you've been sick for an extended period of time (3+ years)?
Why do people become obese?
What kind of people don't floss their teeth?
Why do some people burp or fart so loudly in public?
People have different diets based on location, availability and religion. Some are vegetarian while others are non-vegetarian. How is it that no nutritional deficiency can be attributed to people from a specific location, religion or preference?
What happens if a person stays in a dark room for a long time?
Do people who sleep a lot shrink less over their lifetime?
Are there any supplements that increase appetite?
Why do people snort pills?
Why do some people get so tired at night?
Do obese people have to have psychological/social support to drop over 100 pounds and keep it off?
What is Addicted about?
Is homesteading going to go away since most people rely on the supermarket?
Is there an interest on educating people to their health?
Has any seemingly healthy person ever gone to bed as normal and woken up completely blind?
Do people who get sweat easily can not stand cold temperature?
How do people get a fever?
Should hospitals be able to deny employment to people who are overweight/obese or otherwise unhealthy?
Do economists smoke weed?
Why do we wake up sad when we go to sleep in the evening/afternoon?
Why do people like maggi noodles even after knowing that nestle put all us in jeopardy?
Why do people get cold and fever during exams?
Why do people get sick after finals week?
What are the ill-effects of not crying when you should?
What is mental masturbation?
What can I do to stop bingeing at night?
How can I overcome embarrassment about an increased weight and fat?
Why do some people get hiccups when they're hungry?
How do CEOs stay energetic?
How well does Xtra laundry detergent get rid of coffee stains?
Health: What is the best way to get fully recovered from a low back pain working in the office?
How do I improve my sleeping habits? I sleep at 3:00 am and wake up at 1:pm. Can you help?
Can you become addicted to Quora?
What are examples of ways to improve mental and emotional health?
What is the best way to get rid of sexual tension?
How do I get rid of VASP?
A girl is being chased by a rowdy person every day on the way to her office. What can she do to avoid these circumstances?
What would you do if you had tried to improve your life for the past 15 years and it had just gotten worse and worse in ways you never thought possible, especially healthwise? Would you end it?
What are the best products to improve mood?
How do I get rid of over-attached people?
How do I get rid of an all-time headache?
It's been 20 days I gave up smoking. How do I keep myself motivated and not think of a ciggarate any more in my life. What do I do when I get a urge for smoking?
How do I get rid of office stress?
How can I get rid of a headache if I am allergic to all over the counter pain relievers?
How do you get smooth thighs?
How do I get rid of the small layer of fat covering my abs?
How can I calm and reassure myself?
How do I regain my appetite, and have better sleep while on citalopram?
Can we get rid of OCD if we make ourselves busy?
How do I get rid of a hangover after consuming alcohol and weed?
How do you get rid of a painful pimple?
How can I get a strong and big body?
What can I do to make my left tricep stop twitching?
How do you get rid of fleas?
How do you get rid of forehead lines?
Predictive text, I absolutely hate it. I don't need my phone to read my mind. How do I get rid of it?
How do you get rid of wax stuck deep inside an ear?
Has oil pulling worked for you and how?
What are the best ways to alleviate pain from TMJ disorder?
What are some good habits for people living with arthrosis of the knee?
How can I get rid of "Critical Program Error Alert" Pop-ups?
What are possible ways to increase the efficiency of a sterling engine?
How can I be confident about my personality when I am very thin?
How can I get rid of aloofness?
Why don't we get rid of OPEC?
What are some exercises to make my eyes blink less, or some advanced eye contact exercises (I am already good at it and I just want to get better)?
How do I get rid of sexual thoughts?
Is it possible to get an armpit zit? How do you get rid of it?
How do I get rid of rashes on my face as a result of waxing with Veet strips?
How do I get rid of my brother's stubborn nature?
How do I improve my sleeping habits? I sleep at 3:00 am and wake up at 12. I'm not being able to attend classes.
What are the best and effective ways to get rid of tanning for women?
Intellux - Is it really effective to increase intelligency?
What are the best ways to control your partner's anxiety issue?
How does swimming help to get a better physique?
How do you get rid of fibromyalgia?
How do you get rid of frown lines around the mouth?
How do I get rid off synkenises problem occurred due to Bell's palsy?
How do I get rid of food lodgement in between teeth? Will teeth scaling be useful?
What are the most effective ways to improve ones stamina?
What is the best way to get rid of excessive masturbation and take care of my health?
Is there any way to get rid of glasses?
How do I deal with the urge to stop meditating?
How can I feel energetic throughout the day?
How do I increase flexibility?
How do I get rid of the persistent urge of bowel movements?
What is the best way to get rid of the temptation of arguing?
How do you get rid of doves?
How do I get rid of underarm fat fast?
does aerobic excersises boost my metabolism? If so when's the best time to do it?
What are some good ways to reduce sweating while anxious?
How do I shift focus back on my goals?
How do I maintain a good self-esteem despite being judged (physically) by people day in and out?
How do I overcome allergies?
How do I arrange to be away from problems, and how do I best get rid of problems?
Is keeping your personal problems to yourself harmful to your mental health?
What is the best and cheapest way to get rid of mites in mattress?
What are the ways to stop sensorineural hearing loss from further deterioration?
Can meditation help a nation's economy?
What happens if you take ibuprofen twice a day 2 tablets each time for scoliosis and headaches when your only 13?
What are some tips for stopping biting your cheek?
Is there any scientific way or easy way to tackle or get rid of demons?
How do I get rid of bad habit (continuous twirling of hairs while studying)?
How do I get rid of the excessive baggage that I carry?
Would it be wrong if someday I decided that being in a general class helps me get rid of my sense of duty towards the country?
How can I stop myself from sleeping too much?
How do I get rid of consistent drainage/mucus in my throat from smoking too much weed?
How can I make my mind exercise?
How do you get rid of Daddy Long Leg spiders around your house?
How do I get rid of a double chin?
How do you get rid of a cowlick in your hair?
How do I train myself, physically and mentally to join the NSG?
How do I get rid of the negativity when I am positive and the people in the surroundings are negative?
What are the best ways, apart from medication, to keep diabetes in control?
How do I get rid of dried pimples?
Can I not ejaculate at all and be healthy?
How do I stay motivated to eat healthy and keep fit?
Is there any possible way to reduce my stuttering?
What is the most important change you've made to improve your health and fitness?
How can a "newbie" train to be a better fighter and increase his punching power?
What treatments to improve health or cognitive ability are effective but have not become mainstream?
How can I get rid of the debilitating internal feeling that I cannot protect myself from physical violence or emotional pain?
How can effeminate traits be gotten rid of in men?
What is the single, most important thing you can change to ensure a longer and healthier life?
Reva Aesthetics: Is there any laser method to get rid of pigmentation?
How do you effectively get rid of belly button odor?
How do I get rid of the limits that I have consciously placed in my mind, as well as emotional immaturity?
How can I get rid of slugs in my garage?
Whenever I'm furiously angry, my nose starts to gush blood at a 0.5 drop per second tempo for 15 or more minutes. Is that something serious to look into?
Why is it that after a shower my skin starts itching like crazy?
What is the best way to deal with people who criticize the decision to eat healthfully and how should I decline their alternative offers?
Why does my face turn red whenever I say something in class?
Why do people say masturbation causes weakness? Is it true?
What is it called when someone starts hyperventilating instead of getting upset? Why does this happen?
What does healthy food mean to you when people least care about themselves?
How do people who follow strict diets socialize?
Why do people choose to be fat?
If smoking is bad, why don't people sell straight nicotine?
Is it normal to have worms in your taquitos?
What are some ways the current 1st world lifestyle is making us fat?
What should I do when I dont like my body being fat?
How many people do you need for a healthy gene pool?
Men's Health: I am 19 and mastrubate daily, is this normal? How will it affect my health?
Why we resist taking a bath, knowing that it is good?
Why do we like foods that are bad for us? Isn't it against the survival instinct?
What can be done to treat alcohlics?
Is it rude or uncouth not to cover your mouth when you cough if you're on your own?
What is the human dosage of acepromazine?
How do I recover from three sleepless nights?
Could Facebook be potentially more harmful to young people than television was alleged to be?
Why do people stretch when they're tired?
How do you treat a Myoma?
How does one decide whether to act on feeling or thoughts? I've always acted on what would be best for my mental health. Are there any reasons or situations I shouldn't?
Why are good people always prone to injustice?
Why is it like easy to start drinking and smoking and difficult to get rid of them?
Does the age at which certain things become safe change from person to person?
Why do people not exercise and get fat when they know it'll cause health issues and premature death?
Is there a role of genetics in how long a person can run?
How do I lose my gut?
What are the things you discover in health that nobody know (Not the majority, but nobody)?
Is it possible to detect a disease in a person by observing their mannerisms?
Do thin people usually get diabetes?
What are some negative health behaviors?
Which is the safest country for human beings with respect to pollution, food adulteration & pesticide residues?
How long does it take to become physically addicted to alcohol?
What is something addictive and healthy?
Health: Why do some people have unhealthy lifestyle？?
How do scale & complexity of systems interact to affect human and environmental systems? -social studies
Why do girls cross their legs when they lay down?
Can you become physically dependent on melatonin supplements?
Is it true vegan/vegetarians get longer lives, but spend that extra time on the toilet?
How will behaviour change impact all of the dimensions of wellness?
Why do I think poorly of other fat teens but I am a fat teen?
Is it ok to be lazy how does it effect your health there are many lazy people that have encountered no health risks at all?
Why doesn't my mother buy sun screen? She says that it's really bad for you but so does not wearing any sunscreen
Are obese people more empathic than skinny/normal/whatever you call it ones?
Shouldn't counsellors study healthy people too?
How often can one mastrubate?
Why are some people naturally skinny?
Why do I feel the need to defecate when I feel extremely nervous?
Does the absorbtion and effects Strattera (amoxetine) take less time to act once the individual has been taking it for an extended amount of time?
Do people eat according to the food's nutrition value?
What are some problems that physically and mentally challenged people have?
Is there such a thing as saying I love you to your boyfriend too much? Is every day too much?
Would single-payer healthcare be easier to pass if certain people still had to pay some portion out of pocket, and certain people did not?
What are care values? How does it relate to health and social care?
Why do so many people seem to defy medical predictions that "you'll never walk again"?
What is pernio chilblains? How can you treat it?
How can yawning be neuro-physiologically described?
How do you handle living with your soon to be in-law when they do something which destroys what little health you have every time they do it?
What are some seemingly harmless things that are actually detrimental to your health?
What makes a person more energetic?
Why should we forgive or tolerate people who deny climate change any longer as if civility were a better option?
Why do people pass out when they are shocked?
What are some of the underlying causes of kleptomania? Is it possible to grow out of the behavior?
Psychiatry: Is this only a Distraction or some mental health issue?
Why are people so mean to fat people?
If one does not have eyes, cannot hear, cannot smell, cannot feel touch and cannot taste, how is it possible to learn?
What causes lumps behind the head? How do you treat them?
How can we avoid mindless snacking?
Why do my mind and body work so much better at night?
Do people get tired of the constant outrageous tirades from Trump?
How can you treat a bibasilar platelike atelectasis?
What health mistakes do most people make?
How can I prevent getting a fecalith?
What types of "rules" do people use to govern healthy eating?
What happens to the neck muscles when a person yawns?
How can I stop impulsive behavior when it come to alcohol and drugs?
Why do people go for enema?
Is it harmful to read on your phone before bedtime?
Do ambulances make it a priority to take people to public hospitals or do they just take them to any nearby health center?
What are some things most people unknowingly do on a daily basis that deteriorates health?
Is it true that if I think too much about a disease, it will really happen to me?
How do I treat a shoe-bite?
Are some people immune to antidepressant medication?
Is it harmful to check my phone in the morning?
Why do we have a sudden urge to drink water after eating anything sweet?
Why some people get body pain in cloudy environment?
Is post-surgical irritability normal?
Why do skinny people who don't exercise not get fat?
Why do people who are physically fit usually have strong minds?
How do you report a person for a wellness check?
Why do people get surprised when they hear a very fat girl has a boyfriend? Aren't fat people humans?
Health: How do I undo / suppress the damage of sitting?
How do I prevent myself from smoking?
Is there scientific evidence that vaccinations are harmful? Why do people choose not to vaccinate their children?
What behavior can cause eye cancer?
How frequently can one masturbate without health concerns?
How do people become resistant to diseases?
What's the longest you've gone without seeing another person?
What are the ways to treat blepharitis?
Why do my senses sometimes get switched? Why do I sometimes hear on my right side what s on my left side, and the other way around?
Do our emotions affect our physical heath? How exactly?
How can you treat geliophobia using psychology?
How do people develop physical inactivity? How does it affect our health?
Why do people 'let themselves go' during the holiday season?
Would you get cryogenically frozen? Why?
What are the causes of diplococci?
Do people judge you if you've been sick for an extended period of time (3+ years)?
What is an exercise that is good for people with asthma?
What could it signify if your body craves mayonnaise? I look forward to joke and serious answers?
Will my actions, words, behaviors, even health impact my child?
Why do so many people spend time onto the internet？Is it worthwhile?
If we eliminated death by illness or natural causes, how would human nature change?
What are some ways I can reduce my urge and need to burn things?
Are there any supplements that increase appetite?
Why is farting so fun?
What are once popular things people used to do that still have merit?
 Why do I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and feel like I have a better perspective of death?
Why do some people get so tired at night?
Why I have too much frustation in my mind and too much hatred and anger towards every person around me?
Can people with cochlear implants hear when someone is talking?
Why don't people talk about Vivian Murdock, the first child with Autism? Or one patient, whose father is Frederick Wellman, a plant pathologist?
Why am I feeling lazy and sleepy all through the day but not at night?
Why do some people never seem tired? How could one be like them?
Is it common for autistic people to have hyper mobile joints?
Your answer moved me. Many on both sides think like you. Is there anything ordinary people can do to heal the wounds?
Why do some people shake their legs up and down while sitting during class?
Why does chicken soup make people feel better when they are sick?
What's normal, whipping standing up or sitting down?
Is it unhealthy to be objective about everything?
Why do people exercise?
Can your thoughts harm you?
When we are trying to not cry, why do we feel that lump in our throat?
Can I stop severe, excessive blushing?
Which kind of people get treatment from psychologist and which kind of people get treatment from psychiatrist?
Is it normal for my muscles to be noticeably disproportionate or structured differently?
Can you be exhausted from thinking too much?
How can I adopt the habit of deep breathing?
How do I get rid of bulimic tendencies?
How do I stop being burnt out?
And what is the best way to get rid of excess fluid as that is part of my weight problem?
What are the best ways to get rid of papules?
How can a person build his personality if he is lame and thin?
How do you get rid of stomach inflammation?
How do I get rid of a thin lanky body?
How do I get rid of cold and sneezing overnight without taking any drugs?
What should I do so that I may become a strong girl?
How can I get rid of sleepiness during day time when I am in a situation where I have to listen to others?
Which food item will improve the mental health quickly?
How does laughing improve health?
How do I get more energy while at work?
What can I do to practice more kindness throughout the day?
How do you keep yourself in shape?
Its very itchy down there around my whole vulva and anus region. There is a lump between my anus and vaginal opening. What should I do to get rid of all my problems down there?
How can I get rid of withters in the neck?
Is saying you are proud to be fat or of your (fat) body just a cop out?
What is the best natural remedy for ongoing anxiety?
What are some ways I can help motivate myself to exercise and eat right?
What are some ways to get rid of 'fuzzy brain' quickly?
Is there a way to keep your voice as deep as it is in the morning, throughout the day?
How do you remove calluses from your hands? What are some good ways to prevent them from coming back?
Is MSIL9.AFQI a real Trojan? How do I get rid of it?
How can I get more sexual power, that is, strength and agility in bed, during sex?
How do I get rid of aftereffects of spectacles?
How do I reduce my risk aversion?
How do I get rid of Coke dick?
Are there ways to improve brain health?
How do I get rid of fat under muscle?
Could I be genetically gifted?
What can I do to stay energetic even in the evening after office? I get very lazy and do absolutely nothing in the evenings.
How can I get rid of white dry spot on my face? It has affected my appearance
How do I get rid of alchol?
How do I get rid of Blood phobia?
What is the smell coming from my shower drain? How do I get rid of it?
How do I get rid of depression for a kid like me?
How do I get rid of strong pulsation feelings on different parts of my body?
What are the causes of essential hypertension at age of 20 and how to get rid of it?
What are the things that I should do on a daily basis to keep myself mentally and physically fit?
What are some good habits that can keep a person healthy (especially if he/she sits the whole day in an office)?
How can I reframe my mind to be less motivated by fear and more motivated by hope and reward?
How can I fix my posture?
? How the heck can I get rid of cassiopessa malware virus
How do I get rid of possessiveness permanently? Its a self destructive state of mind.. To be frank I hate to be like that but I am not able to get rid of it
What are the ways to change life, get rid off lazyness and do something for ourselves?
How do I get rid of a malignant narcissist?
What can I incorporate into my morning routine to make me more creative throughout the day?
Will meditation help me in understanding the subject better?
What are some really effective ways successful CEOs optimize their days?
Occasionally my teeth have white spots, how do I get rid of them?
How do I get rid of memory loss?
How do you get rid of under eye creases?
Do you think Sony will get rid of their mobile division? I'm an Xperia fan and thus would be disappointed if such. Thank you.?
How do I get rid these dimples by my eyes
What are possible ways to increase cortisol levels fast?
How do I get rid of tennis elbow soreness develoved from biceps workout?
How do I get rid of small hairs on my forehead permanently?
How could you get rid of self guilt?
How can I get rid of my anorexia faster?
When you are surrounded by negativity for a long period of time, which is the best way to overcome it with effective positive results?
How do I get rid of stress when our parents knows that will have bf?
How do I overcome from the effects of masturbation?
How do you get rid of bad feelings and recurring thoughts.?
What is the most effective way to clean up your hands from walnut juice?
How do you get rid of hotflashes?
How can I get rid of a two-year-old bump on my forehead?
How do I get rid of daytime sleepiness?
Have mental health issues and cant keep a job?
How do I get rid of people who annoys me or drains me?
It's commonly said not to work out daily in order for your body to rest, although on my days off I tend to be less disciplined with my diet; What can I do?
How can I get rid of nervous " ticks" that I have?
How can I sit in the 'Sukhasana' (half Lotus) position for a longer period of time?
How can my husband improve his posture and gait?
Why do we get smell in the mouth and how do we get rid of this?
How do I get rid of noise happening in my brain continuously?
How can you make knuckles stronger?
How can I get rid of my Sugar baby-sugar daddy situation?
What is your interest in your life?
How can I gain confidence when I have nothing to be confident about? Read the details and please answer.
What 10 factors/habits do you think that contribute more for faster aging?
Can negative change cause positive stress? Any example?
How do get rid of my lazyness?
How can I get better reflexes?
How do I get rid of tics syndrome, my brother has had it for years and competing responses aren't working we've tried everything. Any ideas?
How do you experience your fitness improving and how do you keep track of your progress?
How do I get rid of specs?
Should I cover ringworm to get rid of it?
Can I get rid of a classic conditionned reflex?
How can I get rid of my lust?
How can I get rid of my anhedonia/apathy?
Does meditation help you to react faster?
How do you get rid of a stigma against you?
How can I get rid of the reliance on mobile-phone?
How can I get rid of a pimple on the bridge of my nose?
Does eating capsule Evion 400mg improve my health if I am slim?
How can I get rid of the smell of gas in my car?
What is the most effective and most safest way to get a leaner body as a teen?
How can I change my exercise protocol while staying within my heart condition limits?
What are the bad consequences of masturbating?
Is it normal to get male breast reduced very slowly and gradually through diet?
Do people really throw up after seeing something gross like in the movies?
How do you treat mastoid lumps?
How can I stop my face from becoming red?
Why do some people want to drink blood?
How does one know when they're doing too much or too little when depressed?
Why don't people see the contradiction between allowing all refugees into a country and maintaining social programs such as free health care?
Does a neuropsychiatrist treat magnetoencephalography?
Why do we constantly clear our throats after eating?
Is it normal to develop food aberrations?
Why is it so hard for people to do what they know they need to do and also know how to do?
Why is it so easy to indulge in harmful actions instead of healthy actions?
Do people not understand the importance of social issues or they simply tend to ignore them?
How can I stop worrying about my health so much?
When is it too late to treat plagiocephaly and why?
Is it healthy for people to live in huge cities?
What is one habit that many people have that is extremely unhealthy?
How can i treat sunspots on face ?
Why do fat people prefer to use skinny jeans instead of regular fit?
How do Germans treat Bulgarians immigrants? Do they treat them like the Arab and African migrants?
How do I treat a fastidious child?
How do I treat a lump on my collarbone that moves if I press it?
Is it (more often than not) possible to tell from the voice alone if a person is fat?
What condition causes people to stop breathing during their sleep, and how can you treat it?
How do I overcome physical weakness?
Can you be addicted to something you are allergic to?
Can you tell me the precautions to overcome the cigarette smoking?
I'm 17 year old. How do I know if I have breast cancer?
Why taking too much opinions from people good/bad?
Having realized that intelligence chiefly is based on the pace of thinking, how do I acquire a permanent quick thinking pace?
Is lethargy innate or acquired from childhood observations/environment?
How can I treat a bump on my head?
Why does dehydration cause people to throw up?
What is that nobody tells you about your health?
Unhealthy sluggish 21 year old, what should I get checked for?
Why aren't people concerned of their health? Is it that they don't have time / motivation?
Why do some people respond negatively to vegetarians or vegans?
Would people with ADHD generally be less likely to become tolerant to caffeine?
What motivates health care providers to care for people?
Is laughing at other people’s pain unhealthy? How do I stop?
What are some of the health risk behaviors?
Is jerking off once in day is harmful?
Is it true that we can make any person a butcher, if conditioned properly since childhood?
How do we treat things medicine cant treat?
Why is the American measure of people's health being cared for fixated on whether or not people are insured?
How do you make healthy new year resolutions and stick to them?
What are some reasons people avoid health and fitness routines?
How do I treat odontoprisis?
How can you treat a dislocated trachea?
Is marijuana bad for your heart?
Do people with asthma often live more easily in homes without carpeting?
How harmful is it to keep internal strife towards people?
How do you get Laryngitis? How do you treat it?
Do some people want others to remain overweight?
What are the dangers of passing out while laughing?
Are human naturally repelled from obese people or is it a societal influence?
What happens when you are being nice?
What happens if a man masturbates too often?
Why is PMK potrayed negatively in the media?
What do germs get from killing people?
How do people get goiters?
How did Crofter treat the Peddler? Why did he treat him that way?
Are people 40 and up more concerned about their health?
How do I know if my body is 100% healthy?
What's the difference between a person before and after a season of distance running training?
Do you hate extremely skinny people?
What is the most suitable way to deal with somebody who constantly complains of being sick?
Does anxiety cause loss of sex desire?
How is losing the ego better for a person's health?
Are sexually transmitted diseases regarded more shameful in different western countries?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Do you prefer people with light or dark eyes? And Why?
Do you think people will do ANYTHING for a full stomach?
How do you treat an intermuscular hematoma?
Due to health issues started 10 years ago I'm now obese and people treat me like sh*t. I'm so sick of this. How can I stop becoming bitter/angry/blue?
India: Do indians still wear the Yajñopavīta? and do the initiation rituals?
Is there a way stop consuming too much nonsense information?
How do you treat an anteverted cervix?
What are some researched explanations for dyslexia and why people have it?
What are negative health behaviors?
How do you treat a distended eardrum?
Why do people say that they can have cancer even if they live and eat right? Who is bringing this theory to life?
How can you tell a person is really healthy by only looking at him/her?
How can I be a good wife when I struggle with health issues and it seems to make him mad?
Is there any link/connection between dry lower lip and large intestine?
Could the 'imaginary audience' phenomenon last longer or have more impact on people with an extraordinary body trait?
Is it bad for someone's psychological health to feel routine and boredom at his job?
What are the shivers or chills that we experience whenever we want to?
How can one psychologically adapt to long-term social isolation in a healthy way?
With the issues surrounding the VA, why can't the US enact a policy for all health facilities to care and treat veterans at little or no cost?
How does soda cause behavioral problems in children?
What are some good early morning habits?
Why does people with asthma breathe better by sit down?
Does excessive seratonin makes you aggressive and why?
Does sitting a particular way trick the body into feeling the need to use the bathroom more often?
Why do younger people experience time as longer while elder people experience it as shorter?
How dangerous is for light skinned people to move near the equator and for dark skinned people to move away from it?
What do you hate the most about receiving health advice from your doctor?
Could too much altruism be a bad thing?
What are the best and worst allied health careers for someone who's clumsy?
What is a person called who has an excessive worry about health?
Why would people give their things for social cause?
How can a 57 year old Indian woman who had already hit menopause can live a healthy life?
Is it harmful to talk to one person everyday?
Why do some people just stop breathing out of nothing?
What does it mean when certain articles say that skinny people have more efficient partitioning of nutrients to their needs?
I feel like there may be something wrong with me. Why do I feel the urge to laugh even if there's no reason to laugh at all?
What would you say to your younger self that might convince them to change their daily health-hurting behavior?
Why do people sympathize suicide but still dismiss mental health?
Why do people and even doctors say many fat people are fat because they have a medical condition?
How can we distinguish between mental and emotional wellbeing?
What intake should a young Indian lady take to avoid weakness?
Why there appears to be so much concern these days about muti murder?
What are some of the psychological tricks to stop the urge to eat?
Why are some people in the world are enjoying their life and some are just breathing on the planet?
Is too much testosterone a bad thing?
I feel physically unwell too when I know my ex is unwell. My severity tends to be on a lower level but lasts longer. Why is this happening?
How can we help overweight people?
Why is it that people are still not much concerned of their health despite the death statistics?
What do doctors hate that people normally do?
What are some reasons why someone might have long term dizziness?
What are some healthy ways for a person to fulfill a need for more attention?
What are some reasons people don't like coffee, apart from health reasons?
Why do people prefer drinking cold water in summer if it increases risk of chill?
What are the benefits to the health of right-handed people if they try to use their left hand more often?
On average, how many times do humans cry per day?
Why do people brag about how unhealthy they are?
How common is Cynophobia and how does one treat it?
What is a healthy way to help emotional needy people?
What is the healthiest way to walk?
Is it possible to get cancer of pre-existing cancer?
How do you treat isolophobia?
How often does a person laugh in a day?
Is water good for health?
If you are asked about your sexual preference, is it wrong to say that you dislike fat people?
Are good looking people healthier?
Why do some people pick at their cuticles until they bleed?
Does smoking cigarettes make people moody?
How can I treat a protruding mons pubis?
Why is Albuterol recommended to treat coughs?
How would you get quick thinking on your feet?
How do I stop and get rid of biting my nails as it has become so weak that I can easily break them?
Can I get rid of emotions?
How can I get as close as possible to immortality?
How do I increase my streamina?
What is the benefit of playing musical instrument?
What is the best way to stay appreciated?
What are the best practical ways to get rid of self importance?
How do I get rid of thinking that I am superior to everyone less smart than me?
What are some courses with a lot of exercises I can take to improve my mental health?
How can I, as an individual citizen, help improve the mental health system in my local community?
Should I go and take my chances at a better school and leave my sick mom?
How do I get rid of sleepiness in the late morning?
How do I get rid of Phantom vibration & ringing syndrome? Is this a serious problem?
What are some scientifically proven ways to improve sinus health?
How do I motivate myself, to do namaz 5 times a day?
How do I get rid of morning anxiety & fear?
What are the best ways to overcome home sickness?
What are psychological hacks to avoid overeating at events such as big family 5+-course meals or all-you-can-eat restaurant menus?
Manoj Bhargava (business man): When will "Billions in change " ideas become possible commercially?
What would happen if I got to the bottom of my to do list?
Is there any psychologist on Quora whom I can talk to improve my mental health and get back to my regular life?
Please help. I have a poor posture while walking. I have rounded shoulders, forward head posture and have back pain. How can I possibly improve my posture?
What are the best health behavior change for smart goals?
I have the habbit of taking unnecessary tension. So how should I get rid of it?
I’m not a constant person.I can't focus. How can I stop procrastinating?
At what level of obesity does it become difficult to maintain good hygiene?
What is the most effective and efficient way to get rid of confusion?
Why do I feel tired, lazy and unmotivated all the time?
What is the most effective way to relieve cotton mouth?
What everyday habits boost our energy?
How do you get rid of a caffeine addiction?
What are some physical activities or exercises one should incorporate into their daily life to improve their fitness?
What are some good things to eat while you are sick and throwing up that will help you get better faster and help you keep the food down?
How do I get rid of my conscience?
How do I get rid of ball hairs and ass hole hairs?
What is wrong with my knee and whats the quickest way to fix it?
In what ways can pets improve our mental health?
Is it always a bad thing to stay within your comfort zone?
How can I master my sexual drives and channel them into productive activities?
What is the best way to get healthier, and stronger?
I'm a 21 year old male. I'm very weak and suffer a lot of health problems. How do I improve my lifestyle and become strong?
How can I become less nervous and anxious?
How can I become less anxious in presentations?
Will you help me stop overeating?
What is the best way to stay connected with life?
Is there any natural way to improve tremors?
What is one way you take care of yourself daily?
What are natural ways I can increase serotonin levels?
Does being obese bother you?
What organization is trying to improve mental health care in Southern Africa?
How can I get rid of my obssesive aspirations?
How do I quickly make exercise my daily habit?
How can I stop myself from buying sugary treats at the supermarket?
What are good ways to strengthen the elbow?
What are ways to get rid of nasal mucus?
How do I get rid of an officemate who doesn't like me?
How can I improve my sense of proprioception?
What programs would be most effective in improving health?
What do you do to overcome gymtimidation?
Does intelligence change throughout the day?
What is the best possible way to get healthy cheeks?
How does the practice of yoga improve qi?
How do I give up caffeine?
How do I get rid of dryhair?
What is the best way to stay under control?
What habit can help us live longer by more than 10 years?
What should I do to get rid of this skin problem immediately?
How do I get rid of my fat rolls?
How do I get rid of old stuff in my office?
How can meditation help depression?
What should be done to become a good doctor.?
How can leisure be unhealthy?
How do I get rid of my lisp as a teenager?
What are the best affirmations to get rid of limiting beliefs? (Self worth, self love and alcohol)
Are there any quick ways to disrupt my critical voice from causing me harm?
How do I get rid of Azoospermia?
If there's one topic you'd love to learn about, what would you pick?
How do I continue to eat healthy?
How do I get rid of a boy teasing me?
How can I make myself more valuable?
Can't focus after masturbation! Whenever I masturbate (daily), it's followed by a long period of time during which I can't focus completely on any task.. I feel my attention down on my genitals.. Any advice, for how to concentrate, Quorans?
What are the ways to improve one's physical, mental and social health in about 100 days?
How do you motivate yourself when you are enervated and dejected?
How do I break my habit of severe procrastination which is affecting my physical and mental well-being?
How do you feel now, compared to 2000, 1990, 1980...? Better or worse?
What are some extraordinary facts about willpower?
If asked "Why commit myself? Should I commit myself?," how do you explain why commitment to mental health services is important?
How can you transform sexual energy and channel into productive work?
What is your attitude towards your health?
How can tactics and strategy be utilized on a daily basis?
Which bad eating habits do most people have? Why should they stop?
Does eccentricity in one's personality grow with age or it can be curbed?
What could a 40-year-old do to potentially improve their quality of life further down the line?
What is the one habit you would like to change to improve your productivity?
What are good ways to stay energetic?
Is nail biting a bad habit?
Will devoting myself to health and meditation increase my mental capability, or is that just a myth?
How do I overcome gluttony?
What do you do to ground yourself?
If you were going to buy one practical, self-help book on mental health, what questions would you most want it to address?
What are some motivational lines that keep you motivated for a long time?
What is the one thing you did/started doing in life which changed everything for the better?
What helps you grow stronger?
How can I get rid of the addiction of watching movies?
How can one get better at walking?
What are the best ways to fight cancer?
How can I be patient during medical treatment?
How can I heal myself?
What are some proven techniques to stop smoking, restrain from relapse, and live without worrying about starting again?
How does it feel to rise from failure to success?
How did you fix a major bad habit in your life?
Does meditation give you discipline?
When did you notice yourself become depressed and how did it come upon you?
What are the best ways to keep your self calm at most of the situations?
Is it advisable to go for a morning walk and then go to the gym in the evening for a thin 18 year old?
What is the maximum number of hours a person can efficiently utilize in a day over a long time frame?
How do I get rid of the habit of sleeping late?
What are some meditation or spiritual practices that are done in the state between waking and entering sleep?
How can I stop living in the past?
Recently I have been having trouble speaking clearly and for extended sentences. Why could this be and what can I do to help myself?
What are some general guidelines to getting rid of any type of addiction?
What are proven ways to get rid of 'wet dreams'?
How do I build up my sense of humor?
Self-Confidence: Where do I draw the line between doing the 'standard' activities to boost my attractiveness (i.e, physical exercise, dressing well, being more assertive), and being comfortable in not being perfect?
How do I get rid of nail ingrowth?
How do I make fitness my priority when I know I am ignoring my health and focusing on earning and my new venture currently?
What are the best alternatives, substitutes, or supplements to mental health services?
Which are the five fruits I should eat to stay young?
How do we take healthy career break for refreshment in life?
How do I get better at emotionally evaluating a situation?
How does it feel after a longtime coffee drinker successfully quits coffee?
How do I become a morning person?
Will yoga help me in burning calories and losing weight?
What are some techniques that combine physical and mental into a complete personal development method?
How does one get a dimple?
Does the health of our mind and body contribute to the overall income we earn?
How do I develop a mental attitude towards my very long weight loss journey and stop doubting myself?
What are some radical and innovative ways workers have organized self-care practices in their workplaces? What practices have been most successful in raising levels of worker happiness and satisfaction?
How can I improve my willpower when trying to stick to a healthy diet?
What can I do to boost my energy and keep working in the afternoon for over 6 hours after working for 7 hours in the morning starting at 8 AM?
How can someone efficiently get rid of laziness and is it related to over-thinking?
How do I get fit and well focused every time?
How do I get rid of a person who hurt me?
What are good ways to improve spatial navigation memory in daily routine habits?
How fickle minded are you? How are you overcoming it?
How would you motivate yourself to go swimming, if you don't have a good body figure?
Do gadgets to measure stress, fear or introversion exist?
When was the moment you started feeling like you had control of your life?
How can one recover from/combat with severe procrastination?
What would you change about the day you have had today?
How do I achieve a better posture?
How do I create a new habit, for example exercising, studying a lot, and eating well?
What are the ways to feel energetic everyday?
What are the three daily practices to stay young?
What is the correlation between personal power, whether actual or perceived, and general wellbeing?
What are the best ways a person can increase their focus without chemicals?
How can I improve my posture if I have kyphoscoliosis, which makes it painful to stand up straight?
Should I try Bates method for my eyes?
How do I get rid of the frown face?
What simple things can a woman do to improve her overall appearance without getting cosmetic surgery?
How do I quit masturbation, when I do not have a girlfriend?
What is the single best thing you can do for yourself in a day?
How athletic can the average person become?
What is the fastest way to replenish energy  when you are feeling slightly tired after working for few hours and its  not even afternoon?
What should I think when I feel that no one ever listens to me?
How do I get rid of the salt in my body?
How do I deal with the fact that my legs are shorter relatively to my body, compared with my peers?
Is there a way to self diagnose smelly feet?
How do you keep positive and motivate the mood of India?
What medical conditions are beneficial, if any?
What are some good resources to learn about sleep hygiene?
How do I break my bad habit of popping my knuckles?
Does atheism lead to weaker minds and weaker self-discipline?
How do I tell my husband he is getting fat without offending him?
How can I increase my empathy for "otherness" and compassion for the suffering in the world without becoming completely overwhelmed and sucked dry of my own needs, desires and non-survival interests?
How can someone become more energetic?
How does meditating under/inside a pyramid help?
How do I begin to accept my body and become happy when I am severely morbidly obese?
What is it like to overcome and grow out of an addiction?
What are the best resources/books/blogs for the prevention of Mental Health issues?
How did a regular practice of meditation improve your "health"?
What are some motivational tricks to maintain proper hygiene  even when you're not motivated?
What are some scientific ways to improve yourself?
Who am I? Am I the loser that I despise? What do I do to come out of this loop of loserness?
How do I break out of daily self imposed cage and start to live and meet new people if I' don't know where what or who but can't stand here?
Is it safe to adjust oneself?
Would persistent anxiety on one organ harm the organ?
Is it possible to incentivize health and self improvement in a dangerously unhealthy population like America?
What are the best ways to become lean without doing much exercise?
What is the best exercise for a female?
How do I deal with procrastination and depression?
What is one habit that you have that most impacts your health?
What should I do to improve my ability to memorize names?
What is the cause of lack of confidence and how can one be more confident?
What's worse: changing yourself to fit into society, or changing society to fit you?
What are good morning get-motivated routines?
What are some ways to keep myself sane?
What is the best way to delay gratification?
What are some ways to try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What is the benefit of playing musical instrument?
In what ways will a 1 hour daily walk improve my health?
Should I go and take my chances at a better school and leave my sick mom?
What are some things I should practice everyday that will improve my mental health?
Is the average health of the US-population improving?
How can I reduce my fear?
Please help. I have a poor posture while walking. I have rounded shoulders, forward head posture and have back pain. How can I possibly improve my posture?
What are the best health behavior change for smart goals?
How can I get rid of oversleeping?
How can I get into the habit of exercise if I am extremely lazy and kind of obese?
How can you get rid of a gum abscess?
What is the best routine/ morning routine to get fit?
Is it always a bad thing to stay within your comfort zone?
What are best eating habits for creative thinking?
Does body odor become better with a healthier diet?
Up to what age one can work and improve their fitness to athletic standards?
What are small, realistic steps one can take toward health and weight loss?
How can I become less anxious in presentations?
How can I quantify my susceptibility to fatigue?
What are the best ways to improve mental disposition?
Does being obese bother you?
How can I get rid of spectacles/improve my eyesight?
What can I do to keep myself awake and energized throughout the day?
How do I get rid of silly mistakes while doing math?
How do I improve my breathing to retain the ability of easily speaking?
What are some good ways to stay up at work?
How do I get rid of water fear? (afraid even when in the swimming pool)
What programs would be most effective in improving health?
How can I get rid of the idea what if solipsism is real?
Does sleeping on a memory pillow improve one's memory?
Ways to improve mental health for college and trade schools?
Is passionate love considered healthy? What can I do to stop thinking about him constantly?
Can anyone take a choline supplement daily to improve their memory and cognition, even if they are otherwise healthy?
What is a personal development plan in health and social care?
How do I get rid of neurasthenia?
What is the best way to stay joyful?
How is Ahmedabad lifestyle different than Bangalore lifestyle?
Will anything happen to my face or skin if I keep staring at my phone for a long time?
How do I leave the habbit of masterbation?
What are some ways I can improve my mental health?
How do I keep myself energized throughout the day?
How do I get rid of sexuality?
How do I get rid of my restlessness and irritability?
What is the best way to maintain sandalwood statues?
How do you get rid of a caffeine addiction?
What everyday habits boost our energy?
What is a natural way to boost focus and memory?
How can I improve my body even further?
What is something easy I can do every day to vastly improve my health?
How has Kombucha made your life better or improved your health?
How do I get rid of orthoarthritis?
Which projects could really improve the attitude of people?
What is your worst experience when nature called?
Is it really possible to get rid of specs?
What are some of the most fundamental ways to improve your health?
How do I stop being self-destructive when it comes to health?
How do I get rid of drugs?
How do you accept the past abuse and trauma that was inflicted upon you?
How can I feel more secure without being sick?
What are some simple tips to improve your health?
What is the best way to stay interesting?
How do I get rid of lazyness and be successful?
How can I stop making myself sick with worry?
I need to lose weight. It gives me mental issues but I still can't stop eating. I can't control my mind. What should I do?
I can't resist eating unhealthy foods every day. How do I control myself from eating them?
How can I get rid of my sensitivity?
Are there any quick ways to disrupt my critical voice from causing me harm?
How you start your day that keeps you high throughout the day?
How do I get rid of my Sarcastic behavior?
Can nature be improved upon?
How do I keep up with endless work?
How do one get rid of mind?
Can you name me a few valuable subjects to study which can help one in life?
How do you learn to take care of yourself?
How can we challenge the will in india?
What is one little thing that I can do daily to lower my cholesterol?
What are the best possible ways to get rid of tonsil stones?
How does Pranayam help in improving health?
What is the best way to keep energy levels high throughout the day?
How can I help rid myself of slight islamophobia?
What are some proven ways to improve your hair's growth rate?
Do YOU have a way to avoid fornicatory thoughts?
What are good ways to fix dysania?
What should EU do to make itself stronger?
How can I increase my energy levels if I have hypothyroidism and depression?
How do you have a heathly lifestyle.?
Why are you happier than ever?
What are healthy ways to become a good griever?
Who would you call a really strong person?
What books help me organize my life better?
What can a chronically unwell person do to improve mouth and gut biomes?
How can I get rid of my nervousness?
How do I get rid of rove beetles?
Whenever I am trying to study,my thoughts start to wander here & there.Why does this happen?Any motivation or life lessons will be highly appreciated.
How do I get rid of an officemate who doesn't like me?
How do you get rid of your regrets for failing to apologize to a person who already passed away?
How can I have more energy throughout the day to get stuff done?
What is the best way to stay under control?
Why my eyes are always tired how can I get rid of it?
How can leisure be unhealthy?
What are the techniques to improve health or performance?
How can I get rid of the thoughts inside my head?
What are some ways to increase your energy levels?
How do I keep myself motivated and energized for working out?
How can I regain energy in few seconds?
How could I make my life healthier?
How can I stop falling asleep at work?
How do I keep body active all the time?
How can I become less stiff in my body posture?
How do get rid of etching?
How do I stay energetic Throughout the day?
How can we stay energetic full day?
How can I get rid of the person inside of my head?
In what ways can pets improve our mental health?
How can I ensure my children develop good mental health given the implications of social media on adolescents and teenagers?
What's the best thing you've done to make yourself more awesome?
Is it unhealthy to focus on how I want to be perceived?
What are some ways that I can toughen myself (mentally and physically)?
How can I improve my task saliency?
What is the best way to stay connected with life?
What is the best way to keep yourself high (no drugs allowed) throughout the day?
How do you keep motivated to exercise after starting a new job and gaining weight?
What simple diet or lifestyle change has yielded major, lasting, positive influence on broad swathes of your health or life?
How should I practice patience until I lose all the excess weight on me?
How do I get rid of sore fingers?
How can I get rid of my belief in failing?
What do you do to overcome gymtimidation?
Has pranayama help you to overcome any disease?
What can I do to be able to inhale for a longer period of time?
What are some ways to improve a person's natural microbiome?
What habit can help us live longer by more than 10 years?
How can I have unlimited energy every day?
How can I keep myself motivated to work when I know working hard negatively affect my health?
How do I get rid of negative self image created due to excessive weight?
How can I stay physically and mentally fit during old age?
What is one way you take care of yourself daily?
If there's one topic you'd love to learn about, what would you pick?
How could a person become a very good and successful medical innovator?
How do you stop yourself from eating unhealthy foods all the time?
How can I optimize my nutritional intake in order to improve physical performance and overall wellbeing?
What's one habit you've changed that has had the greatest impact on your mental or physical health?
How do I strengthen my weak foot in soccer?
How can I make my body full of positive energy?
How can you discipline yourself to exercise regularly?
What one thing should I do to improve my living habits (health) and time managment?
How do I get rid of anxiety?
Do you find that alcohol helps you sleep or do you find it makes your sleep worse?
How often have you or someone you know knowingly cited a mental health condition as an excuse?
How do I get rid off the blackness around the corner of the lips that is caused due to dryness on that area?
What interesting things can one do when one can't sleep at night?
How can I develop the habit of instantly sleeping at any time of the day?
What do you do if you feel so unmotivated constantly that you won't do essential functions to stay healthy? Such as drink water, or eat, or move? Not feeling sad just to lazy to get up for days.
How could a weak girl be strong?
How should I develop habits that help me get fit?
Is yoga the best way to improve the power of mind and body?
How can I improve my health, my past is really bad?
Does meditation help in reducing porn addiction?
How do I stop being restless and impatient?
Where can I learn yoga in Koramangala?
What are the ways to become more energetic during daily life?
Are there any permanent solutions to get rid of hyperhidrosis?
How has the use of probiotics improved your quality of life?
How do I improve my sex drive?
What's the best way to preserve my close-up vision?
How do you achieve a healthy mindset?
Is it normal to feel lazy on weekends?
How effective is Lumo for improving posture?
Why does my PTSD not act up when at work as I can go without my xanax dose all day yet when I am off & home alone, I start to feel panic so need to dose myself within a hour of awaking?
Why is my health deteriorating so much?
How do I make a dramatic shift to be happier & healthier?
How do I get rid of my bad habit of sleeping in afternoons?
How can I take better care of myself?
What's the most effective way to get up early?
How can someone develop good posture?
How interested are teenage girls in health, fitness and improving their overall self image?
Is it inspiration or manipulation to tell myself everyday that I am beautiful (the world is nice, I love everyone etc)?
What is to be done with a team of tired people?
What is the best way to make myself realize the importance of health at the age of 25?
What's something that you feel is wrong but regularly do anyways?
Where can I get a cleansing near LA?
Is sleep really for the weak?
How can I motivate myself to start biking again after a fall?
Why can't I properly recall and summarize to another person simple things?
How can one overcome anuptaphobia (fear of staying single?
What are some smart ways to fool yourself into not consuming alcohol?
How can one overcome his habit of sleeping late and getting up late?
How can l avoid anxieties?
What should I do to build up my self-confidence in preparation for exams?
What is the best way to make yourself physically, mentally, and spiritually strong?
What’s the biggest thing you’re struggling with right now when it comes to your happiness?
How can I find out if there is something wrong with my period?
How do I make a new start when starting all again after 10 years is like a nightmare?
Is it worth examining troubling childhood memories for the sake of righting the negative effects they've caused on both your psyche and behavior?
How does the 1:1 Nutrition Coach by Rise iOS pay its coaches?
How do you "untie" the knot you feel in the pit of your stomach when you get anxious?
How do you get rid of warts?
How can I look good again?
How can I build a stronger character and be less influenced by others?
If a person masturbates for almost every day for 11 years and now it no longer excites him further even almost no interest in porn as well. Is everything okay?
What's the best way to get rid of underarm armpit odor without an antiperspirant / deodorant?
What is a good way to get into an excited, positive, and enthusiastic frame of mind?
How do I switch from the lonely guy to the solitary guy?
What are the things I can learn today which will make me healthier tomorrow?
As someone diagnosed with mild emphysema, how do I improve my ability to exhale, especially under water while swimming?
Is it okay to compromise your health and give preference to your work/job?
How do you get over the anger of having a mental illness?
What are some daily life tricks which can improve our health?
What do you do when you want to get rid of a bad pimple?
How did you do to encourage yourself when you felt depressed both in career and emotion?
What do I do to make myself compassionate?
What is ego, is it good or bad? How does one control the ego? Connections with excessive pride, pros, cons
What should we do to be healthy if we work hard full-time?
How do you combat the lack of motivation and general tiredness associated with depression?
How can I motivate myself to want to exercise and eat healthily again?
What ancient practices are used to improve one's health and well-being?
If you drink coffee on a daily basis, can it change your mindset more than if you don't drink it?
How can I overcome failure and beat depression?
What was your experience with quantum techniques?
What are some things that I should do regularly to improve my health and personality?
What can I do to improve my height?
What are motivating factors that allow you to keep away from cigarettes (read description first)?
What would a perfect body posture be like?
Can meditation improve personality & attitude?
How do you handle a situation when you're extremely sad?
What should I do to omit bad habits in my life?
What are the surrounding conditions needed to practice meditation daily at home?
How do you deal with a spouse with an incurable/untreatable disease?
Would it be beneficial to my health if I quit coffee as a daily habit and just enjoy a cup or two socially?
How can I be energetic all day?
How do you motivate yourself during exams?
Are you taking care of yourself as much as you should? In what ways?
Would you trade a physical problem that you have for a different (but also serious) physical problem?
Why is sharing knowledge a very potent virtue to possess, even if you have worked very hard to acquire it?
How can I become more productive at work again?
How do I improve my physique as I have only 3 semesters left for completing my graduation?
What are the best ways to make yourself more productive at midnight?
How can one increase his ejaculation time?
Suppose you have 30 days of holidays from tomorrow onward. What would you like to do in those holidays?
How do I improve the posture of people so that they can breathe well and how to get rid of bloating?
How many hours per day do you have high speed in daily activities?
What do you seek?
In the long term, is resting from what you're doing once a week beneficial?
What is the most effective way to set an alarm clock?
Why do people self sabotage (overeat when they are trying to lose weight, procrastinate when they've just been given a great job to do, etc)?
Should I transform myself again from bad to good?
How do I take care of myself?
What are the frustration management techniques one should use?
What qualities should one possess to be a complete man?
Do you think it would be immoral to enter the illegal organ trade without forcing anyone to part with their organ?
What are the best herbs and supplements to focus concentration more clearly?
What are some techniques to help control my thoughts and achieve a completely free mind while meditating?
How can I work hard without my health deteriorating?
Why isn't meditation helping me?
Does doing yoga "better" a man sexually?
What are some natural means to improve memory?
What do you do if you can't get the get-up-and-go to exercise?
What is the best way to keep away from tensions and stay calm?
How can I get rid of my autism?
How do I be an energetic and lively person throughout the day in all life circumstances?
How one can improve their immunity?
How much is too much?
What is the remedy for a person who likes to smoke, but has first world problems like inhaling the smoke into his lungs?
How do I get my mum to see a doctor?
What are some challenges that fat people face that skinny people would be surprised to know?
What would the negative health effects of working daily with PVC and plasticizer be?
What deep personal questions were answered or problem solved once you became rich?
How can I calm down quickly when other people hurt me again and again?
What is it like to talk to a person who has lost their sanity?
Are narcissists educated people or common people?
What are some practices by which one can learn to better control one's mind?
What are some medical tests that women should take on regular intervals after 50 years of age?
Why is there pain in my right heel even when I am not walking?
How do I identify the cause of my low self esteem? How do I identify the inner beliefs that are holding my self esteem back?
What is the cure to "being sleepless the night before an eventful day"?
Why do we feel sleepy after taking a bath?
What are the most interesting, mentally stimulating, paradigm shifting articles online?
Have you ever gone through a dark experience within your soul? What was the experience like?
Would you choose to be a billionaire, or to live to age 100 with guaranteed good health throughout your life?
What is the one piece of advice that, if followed by everyone, would help the world the most?
Should I start smoking if I don't care about myself?
How do I know when I'm neglecting to take care of myself?
What is it like having suffered a severe medical error in your own flesh?
What can I do if I feel like I am eating too slowly?
How much time is appropriate and healthy for the average person to work?
Is McDonald's really that bad for you, in moderation?
What's the one (practical or semi practical) thing we could change that would significantly improve the life of millions?
What are the negative effects of excessive reading?
How do I significantly reduce my sleep time so I find more time each day to do more things I love doing?
Last night my dream ended with two people aiming tasers at me. So right before they shot I woke up. I have neither had a taser in my hand nor seen it in real life. Only on the internet. But I am 100% sure that those two were tasers. How would you interpret that?
What is it like having struggled for some years to find the medical explanation to very serious health problems after the medical system did not find a consistent explanation for them or just denied that the symptoms were related to any physical condition?
Why do things hurt more when it's cold?
Does sexual activity alter our consciousness in important ways?
Gastroenterology: Does tension lead to stomach problems?
Anxiety: Why do some people experience panic attacks after smoking marijuana?
When people meditate, why do they have the thumb and the middle finger together?
What are some ways to measure one's hotness?
Why does it feel so satisfying to pick at scabs?
What are your biggest barriers for you to live a healthier lifestyle?
How do the blind only see light?
How can one overcome lifelong lethargy?
What color is associated with healthiness?
What are some mind exercises that will help me be equanimous or stoic?
What are some good source readings about the psychology of physical symptoms?
Are you having a hard time committing to a workout program or regiment consistently? If so, why?
Why do we find sleep enjoyable? Is the only part that we find pleasant the reward/result of a good night's rest?
Are there some methods to cure palpitations except medicine?
Can shwaaspathy improve immunity level in just 15 min. practice?
Have you ever had something so delicious, it brought tears to your eyes?
Even though it is unhealthy, why do people spend more money on eating pizza, burgers, and chicken buckets?
What mindset do you have to put yourself in to drastically change your lifestyle with the objective of improving your physique?
Is mindfulness considered part of the wellness sector?
Is there an actual syndrome like "Creutzman Belling syndrome" in which the patient is unable to lie and repress his thoughts?
What book helps you stay calm and feel balanced in your everyday life?  Describe it and how it helps.
Since we can't predict what new things we'll have in the future, instead, what are the things that will become obsolete in the future?
How can I deal with my mother's stubbornness in a happy and healthy manner?
How can a person strengthen himself during a difficult phase?
Is sex a better option to get relaxed?
Is there something wrong with my brain?
How do I reduce stress instantly?
Can hypochondriacs be cured?
Is life all downhill after a certain age?
What are your thoughts on the recent National Academy of Sciences report on early use of marijuana?
What are ways to calm or relieve the panic I seem to always have lately?
How do you do?
What are the most relaxing past times? Why?
How often and how much of asparagus should we eat in order to get the purported health benefits?
What are people's biggest struggles regarding eating healthily? Why?
Do you believe that someone is thinking about you when you can't sleep at night?
What are some ways to save yourself,if you encounter a Tiger in countryside?
What is the best way to heal the habit of drifting away in thoughts, or how can someone consciously overcome daydreaming. Also, does daydreaming a lot result in lack of confidence?
How should a person deal with stress?
Why do people often feel alone and isolated after recovering from cancer treatment?
What are your shortcomings? Are they inherited or developed?
What do patients think about doctors?
How do I comfort someone with an unknown disease?
Why are people prone to magical thinking?
What is the best way to stay healthy while working a demanding desk job?
Given Infinite possibilities, How would you choose to inflict pain when you really want to?
What can I start doing now (20 years old) to make sure my penis works as long as possible?
How can you tell when you're hungry?
How do I learn to cope with failure and bad news?
Can one be extremely intelligent without having good memory?
Do people have any memories of either living in an iron lung or spending time with a person living an iron lung?
What should I do if I can't sleep without masturbating?
Why thousands of thoughts keep running in our mind at same time?
How do you deal with burnout?
What are some ways to achieve lucid dreaming with a reduced risk of sleep paralysis?
Do people help others more? If yes, then how to stop thinking that accepting help is a sign of weakness?
Do strong chemotherapy side effects reveal better therapeutic effects?
What would cause a sudden loss of ability to ejaculate?
Would you rather be good looking with a mild chest deformity that messes you up psychologically or would you rather be ugly with no deformity?
How do I increase heamoglobin?
Why do women eat chocolate when they are stressed?
People stare at me so much everywhere I go. I was almost hospitalized for a panic attack, what should I do?
What would you do if it was your last hour on Earth, and you have no medical conditions weighing you down?
What is the relationship between yawning and stress?
Do most doctors treat their patients with honesty, or do they first try to earn as much as possible from the patients and only when the situation is out of control, the patients are referred to the hospital or another doctor?
Does playing sports in high school have later life benefits?
If the majority of people need to wake up early on most days of the week for work, school etc., why have we not gotten used to it as of yet?
What do you believe healthy sexuality is?
What are the modern ways of getting rid of a unibrow?
How can we become mentally fit again?
How can I get rid of gynaecomestia?
How can I train my lower legs?
How can we reduce nervousness?
Is it necessary to stay energetic to become successful? How can I do it?
What are the things one could do to improve nerve functions?
How can I improve my oral health?
How does one improve balance and coordination? What are the benefits?
What is the best way to improve my box jump height?
What are some every day changes in your lifestyle that will improve your health?
What are the small habits that can change sleeping schedules for better health?
How do I get rid of a mentally sick & mad person and also get over the victim mentality?
How do you get rid of whiteheads around your mouth?
What are some well-known software programs to organizations in the world or game hack organization?
How do I relieve my stress right now?
How can I motivate myself to brush my teeth at night, before sleep?
How can I be physically strong and powerful?
How can I stop drinking?
Psychologists, how can I get rid of melancholy?
How can I get rid of hateful feelings?
Can anyone help me in getting rid of my bad habits regarding health?
How do I get rid of these painful, itchy skin sores that the doctor said are caused by a non-herpes virus?
Has anybody been helped by Melanie Tonia Evans in narcissistic relationships?
How can I program for long hours without harming my health?
What happens to the testosterone levels and body of a 16-year-old boy who has stopped masturbating?
What are the most effective ways/methods for keeping your optimum mental capacity?
Is reading 2000 words per minute a good skill to have?
What are some of the effective ways to slow down and take a better care of yourself?
What is the best way to block porn?
What are the ways to gain control on your behaviour?
How can I stop oversleeping?
How do I spend less time sleeping?
What are some ways for me to develop a more exciting and energetic personality?
What are some energetic foods or drinks for the day?
How do I maintain good posture and get rid of a shoulder hunch?
How do I get rid of OCD?
What can I do to become a better health coach?
What is the best way to improve stamina?
How do I get rid of under-confidence, sleep deprivation, feeling fatigued, and being a useless booger and gain will power as a 14-year-old?
What are the best ways to stay mentally and physically active throughout the day?
How do I stop being germophobic?
Some people say if we keep controlling our anger one day we may burst on someone and do something stupid. Is it really good for our health to control the anger?
What are some good books on how to take care of oneself physically or mentally?
What are some good habits to start my day with?
Why is that I can be very determined about some things ---such as studying abroad, becoming a vegan etc.--- but when it comes to exercising, losing weight or starting a new hobby I've been struggling with it for years?
How can I feel positive all the time? How do I get rid of the negative vibes around me?
Can I improve my body and eating by joining a gym?
What are some foods that help improve bad stuttering?
How do I break a habit I've had for 15 years?
How can I completely get rid of my sexual desire and stop lusting after someone?
Why do we pick our nose and how can we train ourselves to stop?
Does aspirin improve running performance?
What exercises can be used to help improve sight?
Does exercise improve eyesight?
Is there a natural cure for gout?
How can I get rid of these wretched, side snuggling, back thingies?
How do I get rid of my stupid in-laws whose suggestions are always annoying and self-centric?
What is the best (non-team) sport for improving strength, agility, power, flexibility and balance?
How have you changed yourself physically and mentally over the past few years?
How does one stay energetic in the day after getting a poor sleep the night before?
Is there a cure for chronic fatigue that actually works?
How can I get rid of my battlenet account?
Does quitting alcohol improve brain functions?
How can I remain energetic during the daytime if I am a night owl?
What exercises can help to improve your hearing?
What are some techniques/tricks people can use to improve their posture while working on a laptop?
What are the ways to get rid of flat foot?
What can I do if I'm in immense pain both physically and mentally with no chances of respite?
How can I improve my health, given that I have to eat mess-food in college?
How long until meditating helps?
What behaviors could you adopt or change to help you become more resistant to infection in general? How would this behavioral change increase your resistance to infection?
Hypothetically speaking, let's say I have ADD. Is it possible to overcome it just because I've recognized I have a problem or does it always need consultation?
What makes me addicted to milk?
At what age does our posture start declining?
What are the effective ways to improve your focus in your daily life?
How do I increase your running duration?
How can I overcome my blood phobia?
How do Superachievers and workaholics maintain a high energy level and attention span throughout the day?
What are some ways to increase EBIT without increasing the sales?
How do I cultivate happiness through physical posture?
What are your lifestyle cleansing habits?
What are the best exercises to get rid of the pain in the lower back due to scoliosis?
What is the best way to readjust your sleep if you sleep in the morning and wake up in the afternoon?
Is it right that I am only 21 and I always look for peace rather than being energetic or enthusiastic?
Is it all right to be super aware of current feelings, constantly looking to change bad ones to good ones, usually with materialistic things, food, cigarettes etc.?
What is a way to avoid having breath in the morning?
Can increased exposure to anions (negative ions) improve health and decrease cancer risk?
Wellbeing: What are the main lifestyle-related behaviors that contribute to health problems, from a health care provider's perspective?
How can I get rid of eczema on my face?
What is the best app to help start meditating daily?
What is the best way to deal with chronic stress as opposed to standard stress?
What can I learn in 10 minutes about beauty and health that can make me look better for life?
How do I get rid of improper sleeping habits?
How can I stop sighing?
Is giving soldiers drugs an effective way to increase their efficiency?
What is the single most effective initiative one person in their every day life take to reduce their impact on the environment and tackle climate change?
How can a person reduce his/her tension and stay calm?
How do I improve myself a bit everyday?
What are you doing to increase your health span?
Why do many people use products without thinking about what is actually in them (e.g. makeup, food) and about how the products' chemicals will affect them long-term?
Do men who get laid more often than others masturbate more frequently or less frequently than those who get laid less often than them?
Is it true that negative thinking always damage people's health?
It's always hard for me to fall asleep. What is the best remedy for going to sleep fast and for a good long time and not waking up during it?
Can you spare a few moments to take my survey for therapy related fields?
What drives one to start smoking in this day and age?
How can I get a face/neck lift for free?
Why can't you just have a little stress?
Why are Indian women so stressed out?
What makes college so stressful?
What exercise can relax my brain from my heavy workload?
How do I best compromise to get the best of both?
A lot of times I feel weak and tired, and cannot sit up straight or hold a book in front of me without effort, like there is a weight upon me or I am really weak. What are some possible causes of this?
In your daily life, What is the most common mistake you see which is done by people around you?
What are some of the best stress reduction techniques found to be most useful?
What is stress management? What are some suggestions for stress management in teens as well as some posters?
What incidents in your life made you feel health is wealth?
How are fat people treated in other countries?
What are the most important things to keep in mind for a beginner when running?
Does smoking and consuming alcohol really help in relieving stress?
What is the disease in which one's mind works very fast?
Why does one need to visit a gym/take a walk/exercise and do all sorts of additional activities after 6-8 hours of daily rest, recuperation, rejuvenation, and re-invigoration for the body in the form of sleep?
Being a nocturnal, are we violating laws of nature and affecting our health? Or are we just different?
Can my head become smaller due to stress?
What is the missing step that prevents you from eating the way you want to?
How come I never experience visual hypnagogia when falling asleep?
What should I do if I can't eat when I feel hungry?
What can I do to put my mind at ease?
What advice would you give to a person with a really bad memory?
What is the current state of the scientific literature regarding the link between unexpressed anger or resentment and cancer?
How much meditation is enough?
How can I promote the idea of SilentSoundSpace to recharge vitality and reduce stress in a workplace?
Why do people go to bed early when midnight is the perfect time to stay focused?
How do I feel positive again after a stressful week at work?
How might John Doe's lack of self-acceptance cause harm to Fred Wrinkle (his dad through adoption)?
How does one deal with occasional insomnia?
Does overthinking lead to a headache?
What motivated you to smoke your first cigarette, knowing how deadly and addictive they are?
What do you think was going on when a disease (later identified as HIV) ravaged the gay community in the 1980s?
Is it normal to fantasize about dying or killing yourself? Not like 24/7 but at least once or twice a week?
Do you know any tips that can potentially save someone's live?
What is the best way to bio-hack coffee to get high off of it?
After 6-8 hours of 'rest', why does one not get up crackling with energy and enthusiasm? Why does one feel so sleepy immediately after getting up?
No amount or type of jokes - online or offline - crack me up. Do I need to visit a doctor?
How do I stop dreaming continuously at night?
How do you deal with a grandfather (87) who doesn't eat and doesn't answer why he doesn't eat?
How do I get over my horny state of mind?
What's the scientific benefits of masturbation why is it bad for you with visual aids?
How does it feel when a doctor ask you to take off your clothes?
Is there an age when you really start to feel older?
What do you experience when you're high? How does smoking influence your life, experience, actions, thoughts, feelings, and interactions when you're high and when you're not? And what is it like when you're high vs when you're not?
How can I let my feelings out without crying?
Why do people keep talking about meditating and breathing techniques when stressed people end up more stressed after their session?
When did life reveal its magic to you?
How can a person know when it is healthy and when it is a bad thing to be alone?
In professional burnout, how can colleagues help?
If you, as someone who has/had cancer, could say something to everyone who is or will be diagnosed with cancer, what would it be?
Today I saw a pregnant woman outside her building smoking a cigarette. I was shocked and angry about the health risk to her fertilized human egg. Should I have said something to her?
What is it like to have CRVO?
What are creative ways to avoid being a workaholic?
What does it mean when you're dead tired but refuse to sleep?
Some days, my brain just feels like lead and I can't concentrate to save my life. What could be the reasons for this?
Is there a correlation between obesity and intelligence?
Is it possible to get rid my fetish for feet and female domination?
What does it feel like when you need to show your private body parts to a doctor for medical reasons?
What are the best ways to actively relax (or active relaxation)?
If a guy has sex while he is high, will he forget?
Have you ever had any such experience in your life when you have seen your tomorrow in your dream?
What sport can I do to be strong?
If serotonin and dopamine cannot cross the blood-brain barrier, how can its supplements help increase their levels?
What do people really think when they see a very skinny woman?
Do you ever think that there is something seriously wrong with you?
How does health correlate with power?
Is a supervisor at fault if his/her employees continue to call in sick or show up late?
Is it bad that I am 17 and only 123 pounds?
What is the origin of this type of treatment and how effective is it?
What are the little known facts from our daily life, which we do every day but never pay attention to?
How do I control my mind from thinking about eating all the time? I realized that the reason I am overweight is I always think about food. So how can I think like a thin person?
Does Melanin give people superior physical, mental, spiritual abilities?
If you were put in a coma today and awoke 5 years later, what would be the first thing you'd want to know?
How do I get rid of the white patches on my elbow?
How do I 'get rid of' my deep affection for my girlfriend?
How can I avoid sitting down too much?
What are the best ways to be mentally fit (not intellectually), but have a good and healthy intellectuality without therapy or counseling?
India: What are the best ways to keep an existing house cool in dry summers?
What is the best way to get rid of self pity?
How does meditation improve intelligence?
What can I do to retain my physical fitness and mental health as I live past the age of 30?
What health goals should a woman set for herself in her early 20's?
Meditation: Has anyone tried this challenge? What are your opinions about it?
Why does exercise make me feel worse off?
What could I do (exercises and stuff) to improve my breathing?
Is there any exercise or remedy that can help to get rid of cellulite?
How do you strengthen your mind to withstand incredible career pressure?
What are techniques to get rid of cramps at school?
What are some multi-vitamins that allow you to focus for long hours and be very energetic?
What is the best mindset to get rid of bad life situation which really sucks and make you depressed?
Why do we produce green mucus? How can we get rid of it physically?
How do you stop ferrets from smelling?
How do I get rid of the bad odor from freshly made wedding cards?
What are some good ways to get rid of heartburn?
How can I get rid of belly button gunk?
Which is the most energetic and least energetic form of cyclohexane?
How do you get rid of hair getting tangled when you are out?
How do I get rid of my kitten's odor?
How can you increase your bust?
How can I get rid of my feet pain?
How do you get rid of a head cold?
How come dentists always tell me I'm doing something wrong, no matter how hard I try to follow their advice?
How can I get rid off of unnecessary distractions that are no longer needed in my life?
How do you get rid of pus in the back of your throat?
How can we take care of e-waste in Nepal (developing country)?
How can I get rid of the obsessive-compulsive disorder of sleeping late at night?
What are some effective ways to stop the reduce the effects of ageing on the body?
How do I constantly grow and improve myself both in mentality & Physicality?
Can you get rid of cellulite on the back of your legs?
How can I get rid of air in the water lines?
What are good ways to walk correctly?
What is the ultimate way to stop sharing the pain?
How can I get rid of a rash from deodorant?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts?
How do I get rid of the shadow of divorce?
How can I improve my running posture?
What should a 25 year old start doing now to live an healthy life into 60s?
How can I decrease or get rid of the sweating in the armpit parts?
Can I improve my fitness with these exercises?
How do you improve the Toes-to-Bar (TTB) movement in your workout?
What are the best tips to improve BMI (body mass index) to normal?
How do I improve the color tone of my face?
How did large dinosaurs get rid of excess body heat?
How does a person develop a healthy attitude towards sex?
What is the best way to get rid of plantar warts?
What should I do to get rid of a severe head congestion?
Should I be concerned about my short height?
What are some of the most effective ways of achieving and maintaining a desired behavioural change (say a person wants to quit smoking, quit porn-watching, or start exercising regularly)?
Which inauspicious objects should one get rid of immediately?
What are some ways to naturally enhance your glutes without working out?
How can one regain confidence after experiencing mental health issues and maintain that confidence despite ongoing mental health issues?
What do I do with my laziness?
How can I get rid of social jet lag quickly after having a long-time holiday?
Are there any medicines to stop a tumour progression?
How could one increase their dopamine levels for a long time naturally?
What are the things that exhaust us (mentally, physically, both)?
How can I get rid off from stomach pain?
How can I get rid of a dead animal in the wall?
What are ways to get rid of premature wrinkles?
Can meditation help the INFPs?
Male entrepreneurs, if you came upon a site that would give you membership access to weekly workouts, meal plans, system for getting more done in less time and finding balance in your life, would you join it?
What is the best way to make yourself energetic for the entire day?
What are some homeopathic ways to get rid of fleas?
How can I quit smoking if I am a weak person with low will power?
What kind of fruit (or vegetable) prevents or gets rid of diabetes?
What is the best exercises (books, etudes, etc.) to develop a technique and gain better speed based on your very own experience?
How do you get rid of hairy arms?
How could you self-cure bulimia?
Is there an effective way to prevent canker sores?
How do I get rid of assholes in life?
What is the most effective way to smell your own breath?
No matter how much self-help I seek out, I still feel the same. Why?
Are the benefits of meditation due to the focused attention?
How do I increase my eye vision as I'm wearing specs?
How do I help people get to know, like and trust me in a very short period of time, that could be life-changing for both of us?
How can I solve my "unsure" mind problem? (read the description to understand what I want to say)
How do I get rid of misogynistic thoughts and feelings from my mind?
Does playing cards boost your brain health?
How do I increase my cheeks?
How do I commute from Noida to Daryaganj on a daily basis, besides the metro?
What is one piece of general knowledge you have come across (sifting through books/documentaries/reports) that not many people know?
How can one get rid of their tensions when working with deadlines?
How do you get rid of a mouth blister?
How can a 50-year-old person keep motivated to exercise?
What are some tried and tested ways to get rid of Mormons and Jehova's Witnesses when they come knocking at your door?
How does oil pulling Ayurveda technique work to remove lethargy and laziness in the morning? What's the reason or science behind this?
How do I get rid of white spots on my teeth?
How can running every day improve me physically and mentally?
What are ways to naturally get rid of armpit odor?
What can I do to train my willpower? And how do I do anything energetically?
How can we overcome the bad effects of antibiotics?
What are the best foods and exercises to improve lung health?
Is there a way to stop masturbating and control myself from doing it daily 2 times?
Who are some of the people that sleep less and still work hard?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What does it feel like to have to get rid of a lot of stuff?
What are some great ways to get into meditation?
Where can I find free online guided self-hypnosis which actually helps in pain relief?
How can I strengthen my joints?
Is it possible to get rid of hypersensitivity?
What is the quickest way to increase my arm strength?
How do I relieve myself from parental pressure and criticism?
How can I get rid of pissants in my kitchen?
How do I gain my self-confidence back when I have been depending on luck all the time?
What are the effective ways to calm yourself down when you are almost OOC?
What are the best ways of being on the ball, maintaining concentration and reducing mistakes during a normal 8 hour day?
What is the most efficient way to increase hormone levels?
How do I get rid of magical thinking (anxiety)?
As a 50-year-old, how do I get rid of the prostate?
How do I get rid of pains and muscle stiffness in critical points like hands and feet?
How can you improve the smell of your breath?
What are a few exercises which help get rid of obesity, but do not affect growth?
The past week I've been trying to improve my posture by drawing my shoulders down and back. My neck and trapezius are kinda tired and causing a little pain. Am I doing it wrong?
Can I do yoga in the morning and running in the evening on a daily basis?
Why do sudden temperature changes make you sick?
How can I really manage my stress, at school and social life, avoiding my headaches?
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?
How do I lead life in a colorful and positive way?
What exactly is a person suffering from if he laughs hysterically and immediately starts crying uncontrollably and does so in a repetitive cycle for a few times?
What are simple yoga techniques that help to get rid of anxiety and stress and build a pleasant mind?
What is EDTA and why is it used in all cosmetics?
Why should we apologize for sneezing?
How do I get 5-alpha reductase from my diet?
At what age do children usually know shapes, colors, how to count to ten, and the alphabet?
What is the difference between medicine and therapy?
How much role does one's psyche play when fighting an illness?
Is psychology making us sick?
What is the best way to cope with being productive while still sick with a flu?
How can I stop my back shoulder bones from popping out so much?
How long will it take for the effects of coffee to not work on me?
Why is flexibility important to the body?
How much time should we spend watching TV and other screens?
Is it true that if you are sleep deprived, then even a small inconvenience will make you angry?
During boring classes, I normally carry chilled water with me in order to jolt me into wakefulness. However, if some of it unexpectedly falls on me, I experience a feeling similar to the feel of burning. Why is that?
What supplements do you feel people need to eat and why?
What's the psychology behind stress balls?
Why has the big trend lately been that everyone should be comfortable in their own bodies?
Which is worse for health: daily masturbation without pornography or daily pornography without masturbation?
For young women experiencing hair loss, what are some ways you've found to cope?
What should I do if my face has gotten really thin because I got nervous two years ago and I started to lose fat in it?
Do you know a young person that died of cancer?
Why does my heart beat fast whenever I play Mario Kart?
Who should you blame if you are stressed by nature: you or them?
How come I never get fat?
Did anyone of you give up your dreams becuse it might not suit your health?
How do I increase resistance to being worn out on stressful occasions during work?
We know physical exercises keep us healthy, but we lag in showing interest to do that regularly. Why?
What can be the reason I always feel the urge to throw up, even without meals?
How does stress negatively affect your life?
What is the advantage of being intelligent when those who claim to be suffer the same curse of getting sick, get old and die?
How do I differentiate a good pain from a bad pain?
If a child is rewarded with healthy food instead of sugary foods for good behavior from an early age, would that build the child's psychology to consume more healthy food and refrain from sugars throughout his life?
Why did Thomas Duncan lie on the Ebola screening survey?
What are the ways to make yourself relaxed when you are stressed with your work?
How do you concentrate at home when you have maids making noises all around the place?
Is shaking of the fingers while writing a psychological problem?
What are some of the ways you deal with physiological pain? Other than taking pain killers.
What can I do if I feel my doctor does not listen to me?
Do the hormones released when stressed cause body fat to develop at a faster rate?
Can men be tested for HPV?
What is the difference in health benefits between genuine laughter and artificial laughter?
How do you reduce stress at work?
What position can help my BF last longer in bed?
What statement may act as a pain killer for various problems?
Why do people think inhaling marijuana is ten times worse than eating prescription drugs, which is more likely to kill you?
What is a "mother wound" and how can it be healed?
Are most addictions bad for one's health?
What are some interesting things which happened to you during a jog?
So my granddad died of a heart attack. Ever since his death, I've been having random impulse thoughts about my heart getting stabbed, dying of a heart attack, etc. How can I stop this nonsense?
How do I cleanse my body and mind from negative thoughts, garbage food, feeling of guilt, past diseases, and default assumptions and start afresh with a lighter soul?
What happens when you masturbate almost every week and it's been now three years?
How is it possible to make yourself believe that you could actually lose weight?
Is there any way to acquire synesthesia?
Is it unhealthy to totally isolate yourself?
Sometimes while listening to subliminal messages in music or waves I feel light headed and sick to my stomach. Why is this?
Who is more prone to self-doubt?
When one is sick, does it take a toll on their intellectual capacity?
At what moment did you become old?
What has your experience been (positive or negative) taking Nuvigil to deal with alertness and sleep related issues?
How do you lower your tension?
Is it a disease if you gain 10Kg every year?
What makes me so tired and lazy all the time?
Why does my skin feel like something is crawling?
What are the benefits of being alone/having no friends?
Six years ago I had an accident and my body was damaged from one side. Even after all this time, my face and cheeks are not normal. They respond heavily to dust and colors. Sometimes after I wake up my face becomes whitish. My cheeks turn red upon touching. What can I do to fix this?
How can I cope up with the stress at work and keep myself relaxed?
How do I get sparking eyes naturally at home?
What is something that would scare me into flossing my teeth?
How do I trick the mind to eat less quantity instead of forcing myself to not eat at all?
How do I stop being possessive and sensitive on my gal?
Are Butterbur plants effective for preventing migraines?
Why do people drink Loose tea?
How can I reduce belly fat after pregnency?
What do you know about abscesses on the butt?
Losing motivation to workout at home. How do I get my motivation to lift again?
How can I get rid of a strong bond with my crush?
How can I get rid of grudges against my own mother?
How do you get rid of dry, cracked heels?
What are the best ways to prevent alcohol overconsumption?
How can I get a body like this?
How do I naturally get rid of an allergy that makes me sneeze?
Certain thoughts and images are always stuck in the head, how to get rid of those?
How do I get rid of my overemotional nature?
How do I get rid of spider veins on my nose?
It is safe to use allopathic medicine for using personal improvement?
How can I get rid of an oily nose?
How do you get rid of the Holden Caulfield syndrome?
How can I stop surviving and start thriving?
How do I get rid off morning weakness?
What strategy helped you both lose weight and maintain energy levels or even increase them?
How can I improve my sleeping habits during vacations?
Can 7 Dust get rid of fleas?
What are the daily habits that have an immense impact on fitness and health?
How do you get rid of blood pimples?
How can I improve my mental energy level?
How do you get rid of your introspection?
How do I rid myself of Complacency?
What are the ways to reduce anger?
How do I make my stomach stronger?
How can I get rid of acne problems and what are the causes?
How do I motivate my wife to get fit?
How can I get rid of texting girls?
Is it possible to achieve for yourself the same dramatic weight loss routinely shown on the TV show "Extreme Weight Loss? How?
The doctor said "you have nerves on your intestines." What did she mean by that? Is it bad? Should I change my eating habits?
What are some proven ways I can overcome my vices?
How can I get rid of my extremely horny nature?
How can I get rid of my hatred and anger towards myself and others?
Can anyone get rid of drinking habit by hypnosis therapy?
What is a good way to improve my running abilities?
How do I get rid of my father's hold on my life?
How do you get rid of the smelly smell of my blue judogi?
What are the quickest and daily ways for improving one's health?
What is the fastest way to improve cardiovascular fitness?
How do I overcome that every morning I feel very sleepy and cannot concentrate on my studies, and my headaches too despite sleeping for 8-9 hours every night?
How do I keep myself active?
How do you take care of yourself?
How to get rid of chest pain fast and naturally?
How do you get rid of tooth pain?
How can I keep my motivation to achieve something ever active?
How can I get rid of a quarrelsome wife?
How do I get rid of a possessive tag at the workplace?
How do I get rid of impotence?
What are the best ways to feel great right after waking up in the morning, both physically and mentally?
What are some great ways or techniques to improve breathing and/or form while performing burpee exercises?
How can I get rid of obesity?
How do you change your mindset about health?
What is the best way to get rid if excess fat without exercising or dieting?
How do I get rid of fat deposits?
How do I motivate myself to exercise in the lazy lethargic atmosphere of winter?
How do I get rid of dark toenails?
How do I get rid of acidity and headache?
How do I get rid from family tensions?
How do health/beauty brands cultivate a strong following?
How do I get rid of the things which depress me?
What is the best medicine to calm oneself?
What is the best way to get rid of fever blisters fast?
Will the gym help me get rid of a minor depression, even though my body is not the reason for the depression?
How can one be a less energetic speaker?
Does working in alternate shifts (night-day-night and so on) affects badly your body weight, hairs and skin? I have lost my hairs, body weight decreased, less hunger, and skin tone also became darker. What can I do to improve my health?
How do I keep myself active throughout the day?
How do you get rid of redness on your face?
Physical Therapy: What is a good way to increase knee flexion?
What are the best ways to treat thrush?
If I'm not in a certain mood, I can't bring myself to be productive no matter what. This habit is problematic for my academic and professional performance. How do I break this?
What are the most effective ways to eliminate triggers?
What is the best way to get rid of the metallic aftertaste from an orally disintegrating tablet?
What is a good book on fixing postural problems for standing, sitting and fixating on a computer, reading and using my phone?
How do you get rid of frown lines on forehead?
Is it possible to increase one's capacity to simultaneously consider multiple pieces of information?
How did Johnny Depp get rid of his bad teeth?
What are the best ways to treat thrush in children?
How do I get back to my old (last 2 years) eating habit?
What is the best way to get rid of foggy-headedness from grief and depression after losing a loved one?
Can abstinence from sex improve our health, looks, intelligence, etc.?
What should I do to get rid of this person?
How do I get rid of lines under my eyes?
How do you get rid of the garlic taste in your mouth?
How do I become a good telemedicine Health professional?
How can I get rid of an eating disorder?
How can I fix my eyesight?
How can I stop thinking about fitness, gym, exercise and eating healthy all the time?
How can I get rid of eczema?
What can I do to get rid of this awful cramping I get between the thumb and forefinger of my fretting hand when I'm playing the guitar?
What can I do to get rid of rotten egg burps?
Does napping during the day reduced the time I need to sleep at night?
How do you get rid of pockmarks?
What will get rid of strong odors?
How does walking meditation help? What is its protocol?
What is a healthy medication/supplement to help noticeably improve focus/drive?
How do you get rid of a wrist ganglion without an operation?
Can low calories and low body fat correlate with depression?
How do I follow a diet if I work at night times and day times regularly?
How can I get rid of my feelings?
How do I improve my blood circulation?
Can Javascript make you sick?
Is phimosis considered as medically unfit?
Do you think garicinia cambogia is a good fat burner?
How do I know I'm in an early stage of anorexia?
Would you pay to be taught how to ace studies, get rid of stress and manage your time?
How do you know if your daughter is "too" skinny?
Is there any treatment to mentally and physically get rid of attraction towards the opposite sex? Do these treatments have any negative side-effects?
Would it be better to avoid the issue of obesity in a loved one if you've tried to help many times over the years and they get upset and dejected about it, or would it be better to continue to keep trying to do something about it?
What are the cheapest foods you can buy in the U.S. to meet your daily nutritional needs that you can eat a lot of to feel full and satisfied but don't have a lot of calories so you'll become fat and also don't taste awful?
Why don't we feel thirsty sometimes even when we haven't had water for long hours?
What are things I could do to reduce or eliminate stress related nausea?
Is it easy to stop smoking, if the only reason behind one's smoking is loneliness?
What's the best way to relax, pass time easily, be productive, and to relieve anxiety?
Is it possible to have a 36-hour circadian clock?
Does WhatsApp check your phone list every minute to update who is using it?
Can the food we eat affect our emotions?
Does stress exacerbate all immune-related illnesses?
How does drinking and alcohol affect you?
How do I get my dad to get rid of our sulfuric acid drain cleaner?
What age is too young and too old to be tazered or stun gunned by the police?
What strategy should I adopt to lift myself up after falling again and again in life, after many ups and downs?
Is it true that big pharmas' reputation on the Internet is really bad?
Can a hypochondriac make up diabetes symptoms in their own head?
Does a fever have any relation to improving my brain capacity?
Does a variable being a Granger cause necessarily make it a good predictor?
What is tone deafness?
Every time I feel pressure or have too many things to do I simply fall asleep. I try very hard to stay awake but nothing has changed. What is the best ways to stop yourself from over sleeping?
How can you get rid of thinking in a problem that brought to you insomnia?
What can one do to prevent burnout by working long hours in office?
How can I heal my past wounds?
Recently I was traveling and felt motion sick. Some days later, when I used the deodorant that I had used on that day's travel, the same feeling of motion sickness came back, even though I was at my home. How do you explain this?
Why does eating cause stress relief amid mental tension?
Whenever I try to concentrate on anything, I start yawning and feel sleepy even when I am very much interested in studying. Why does this happens?
What are the long term effects physically and psychologically of listening daily to the conversations of neighbors?
Is too much good like too much sugar, harmful?
How can I get my type 1 diabetic adult child to care about his health?
How do you deal with your need to workout when you can't workout?
Why don't you drink?
What is the best way to recover from rape as a male?
How do I counter stress especially when it is giving strong negative health impacts?
How do I fight with the weakness arising due to asthma?
Does icing yourself really help you recover from a tough workout?
Why do they always say that "fats" are not good for you?
Can binge drinking turn into moderate/social alcohol consumption or does one have to quit alcohol completely to rid of the negative effects of deadly drunkenness?
Can sensory overload be induced by stress?
Why does our throat feel dry after running for a long time?
How do I resist the urge to sleep?
Is my life ok if I stay online learning programming instead of going out because I don't have friends near my house?
How can I learn to cope with my addiction to denial of taking stuff I become addicted to?
Why are some game developers spoiling children's health and minds, and parents also support this for giving them mobiles during school days?
What is it like to have Morgellons disease?
Why is it discouraged to meditate at night?
Where are all the anti-vaxxers? How can we hear from them?
How do you gain willingness for what you have to do?
How do I achieve falling asleep earlier than usual even though I'm not tired?
What is the best method to free your mind from tension and stress?
Is entertainment self medication?
How can a person actually stick to a diet?
Do you know of any ways to help tiredness due to allergies?
Can sugar contribute to stress?
Does racism have physical consequences?
What is life without stress?
After cutting my finger nails, my hands feel dry for a day or two. Doesn't matter if I cut them a bit longer. I get a strange feeling that I shouldn't touch anything with my hands. Why is this happening?
What are the measurable instant effects of stress on the human body?
What are the worst symptoms of nonverbal learning disorder?
What is a good way to avoid the feeling of a "cloudy head"?
Can lack of sleep make you lose concentration or make you not reason like you should?
By looking at a person's gallstones can you tell how likely complications are to happen? Can you tell if there is a rare chance of complications for a specific person, or if they are most certain to happen?
How do I purposefully lose interest in food?
Is it sometimes better to not take medicine and let the sickness run its course?
Does physical exercise reduce a craving for sex?
Can a pharmaceutical study on healthy people for a medication against leukemia (blood cancer) harm me or put me at risk for health issues?
What's a quick way to find out how tired you are?
Is it normal not to get hungry all day?
Why do some people age better than others?
What should I do if one of my family members does not eat and he is always giving the excuse that he is sick?
What would the consequences be if a child is insured for health under their parent and the parent's unmarried partner rather than the child's other biological parent?
Which is more difficult to handle, physical stress or mental stress?
How do I cure RA?
What is the difference between normal stress and bearing stress?
Is it good to be restless?
Is mesotherapy a good way for strengthening my thinning hair? Or is just a commercial, useless way?
Is memory loss always a part of aging? How much loss is considered normal?
In a normal individual, gas exchange between tissue and capillary is most limited by which of the following?
Cell phones radiate with less power and less frequency compared to the radiating black bodies around us. Why do people fear cell phone radiation more than black body radiation as a cancer source?
Do you ever have too much energy keeping you from sleeping? How do you get rid of it?
Why is it that I never feel full after eating a lot?
What does it feel like to be in radiant or vibrant health?
Why does reading a book reduce stress?
How many hours do I have to stay isolated to remove emotions of social threatening/conflicts?
What is tension?
What is it like to be severely underweight?
What can I do to reduce my anxiety and stress while I am looking for my "first real job"?
Is it possible to faint from trying to fathom the greatness of the universe?
Is it true that in Japan you only pay for health insurance when you are healthy and stop paying when you get sick until they give you good health again?
How do I cure sciatica pain?
What are the impacts of working continuously without a break and what are its effects on the human mind? After how much time of continuous work does a human mind need a break?
Can chewing food 32 times really help lose weight? If so, what are some more details about it?
Do you have ankylosing spondylitis? What does it feel like to wake up in the morning with ankylosing spondylitis? Do you find that you seize up if you don't keep moving?
Will I ever be able to lose my gynecomastia and be normal?
Can smartphones damage your health?
Do we live healthier lives than before?
Who told the American public that GMOs are bad for health?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
How can I talk my parents into having a healthy life style?
Is sleeping on the balcony healthier because of the fresh air?
Is running or cycling bad for your long term health?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
What are your suggestions for a name for my healthy living blog?
What is the best spa franchise in India?
Why do some people have completely clear skin even with a shit diet and little to no exercise, whilst others have acne with a healthy lifestyle?
How healthy are craft beers?
Is Cellotherm treatment good for health?
How can I keep myself healthy?
What are some of the medical tests one should undergo regularly/annually to ensure a healthy life?
What are 5 ways to stay content and healthy?
What is something that everyone should do everyday, anywhere, and at any time of the day to stay as healthy and fit as possible throughout their lives?
What are the characteristics of a good health?
How can I get a healthy brain?
How do our bodies become acidic?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
Can you get TSS from using a pad/sanitary towel?
What are natural ways to combat tiredness & lack of energy?
Can a smoker lead a healthy life?
Will artificial water harm our health?
What are some of the best extempore topics?
Why does John McDougall look unhealthy?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
Is eating unsulfured & unsweetened dried fruit bad for our health?
I've read that "God should come even before a healthy body", now I don't want to be healthy. How do I get over this?
Which food is good for health in children?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
How do I know if I am healthy?
How is Jaljeera healthy for us?
Why do some people continue to insist, despite the evidence, that being fat is healthy?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
I’ve been trying to lose weight for about 4 months. I am halfway to my goal but these past two weeks I have reached a plateau. How do I switch it up?
How healthy is "healthy"?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
What are the most popular concerns about healthy lifestyle?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
Are there any health benefits associated with regular consumption of cucumber?
What is the best way to avoid health issues and lead a healthy life?
How do we become deeply happy, very healthy and live long?
What is the mindset of fit and healthy people?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
Should I take medicine to look healthy?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
Is 10 thousand steps enough in a day to be healthy?
How do you define "healthy"?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
Healthy tips for one who does rotational shift?
Is Herbalife bad for your health?
Is excessive sleep bad for our overall health?
Is running every day good or bad for health?
Would you rather be constipated or have diarrhea?
Are cornflakes good for health?
How do we know that being "fit and healthy" is good for our bodies?
How could we improve our dance cover?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
How do you manage your bad habits when no one else is around to hold you accountable?
How can I adjust my sleep to stay healthy while working shift work?
How can I maintain my health?
Is BHT bad for your health?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
If you made a lot of enemies, how do you live a long life?
What do we have to do to have a healthy, full lifetime?
Why do successful people brag about how little they sleep, is sleep not important for health?
Is parotta good for our health?
What are your favorite Greenways in the US for biking?
What would you do if you were too tired of what happens around you?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Why is Apple juice good for a person?
What climate is most conducive to a healthy human life?
Is it healthy to change friends?
Which healthy habits are good for our daily life?
Is sugarcane good for the health in the summer?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What are the lowest doses of resveratrol and coq10 that could have health benefits without any long-term health risks?
Why do doctors say to stop using spices when these are good for your health?
Is cocoa good for your health?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
What should I eat on a regular basis that's healthy? I'm working on my building my abs.
What will happen if a person spend many days at a stretch either standing or sitting, but not lying on bed or flat surface?
I am going to turn 16 very soon. What advice do you have for me?
Is it healthy to drink lemon water daily?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Why do we need vitamins?
Is using lubrication during foreplay healthy for men?
What is the best way to live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
How are herbicides harmful for our health?
What do I do if I am not able to sleep when I am supposed to sleep & then I feel sleepy at the wrong time which affects my schedule & lifestyle?
How do I reduce my sleep hours to nearly 3 to 4 hours?
How do I modify workout in summer to stay fit and healthy?
What is the ideal diet to keep one healthy?
How do I live a healthy, long and energetic life with onion and garlic free food?
What is the name of a good thyroid surgeon in Delhi?
What are some health tips for sitting professionals?
Do you feel overwhelmed with the different kinds of diet out there like anti-inflammatory diet, paleo, etc.?
What are lifestyle habits that keep you healthy?
How can I improve my heart's health?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
If you live in an industrial area, is it harmful for your health, or is it something else?
What are the best places for bikini waxing in Pune or Mumbai?
What habits do doctors believe lead to a healthy life?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
Is limonene good for your health?
What is a list of things that I'll need for moving into a room that I'm renting from someone's apartment? How can I maintain my bulking diet?
What are the best foods to have on a regular basis?
How can I identify as to which component of milk am I allergic to?
I do not know how to sit elegantly on a bean bag & I feel like a vernacular ungrommed loser. What should I do?
Is it easy to work in big law but still maintain a healthy life with kids?
Is Maggi noddles no longer harmful to one’s health?
Why can't we stay healthy throughout our entire life?
What are the challenges in engaging Health and Wellness industry?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
What are some tips for working long days in a healthy way?
How do you make yourself want to change when you're not motivated?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
I shit at around 11AM. How can I change this time to 8AM or 7AM?
Is libido healthy?
Do young, healthy people sense if they will die soon? How?
How do I keep myself healthy while on the night shift? And how do I sleep in the morning?
In what ways can grenadine be bad for your health?
Why do my balls feel radiated when I'm on my iPad? When I'm not on it the feeling goes away
What are some healthy alternatives to Funyuns?
What habits do doctors recommend for young people to adopt to have long and healthy lives?
Where can I get healthy tips and health coaching?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
Which is the best Nutraceutical diet to follow in order to maintain a healthy life?
Why do healthier people have large stools?
Does the total amount of calories decrease when baking foods—especially meats—or does only the total fat reduce?
What's the maximum working hours to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
For people who regularly do Surya Namaskar, what are the health benefits other than losing weight? How long does it take for one to see those benefits?
Which is better, Accretive Health or Concentrix?
Why do we expect physicians to advise us to stay healthy?
Water softener, is it healthier?
What can someone do in order to be healthy if they are thin?
How does society maintain order so that it will persist for a long period of time?
How do I create a balance between working hard and having a healthy life?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
What is it like to have a relationship? How do you maintain a healthy one?
What are the best arguments I can give my parents to live a healthy life and continue learning?
How many years on average do married men live longer compared to single men?
What are some tips to stay young, mentally and physically?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
How do I check my health in one minute?
How long will I live if I eat right and exercise?
How can one get healthy and heavy hair?
Why do some people get cancer even though they lead a very disciplined, healthy lifestyle?
What is the best supplement, vitamin or health product that can regulate blood vessels so that they can optimally constrict/dilate?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is it healthy to drink wife's urine if both are keeping good health?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
What are the simplest things you can do everyday to improve your health?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
I suffer from acne. What treatment is recommended?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
When would working out compromise your health?
What is your concept of healthy ageing?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
How can we live a long and healthy life? If one has a lean muscular body with a fat percentage of around 10%, does that mean they can live longer?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Why do successful people sleep so little and how do they do this?
Is water fasting bad for the health?
Are "healthy oils" (coconut, olive, rapeseed) still healthy when used for cooking?
Why is healthy competition considered good?
What is the best physical exercise for good health?
What is the healthiest lifestyle lately?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
What consists of a healthy lifestyle that I can adapt immediately?
How is it that people live despite disease and die despite being healthy?
What tools do you use to keep your mind healthy?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
How does exercising and staying healthy when you are in your 20s and your 30s affect your later years in life?
What are the healthy facts about Papaya?
What foods help kids in improving their health?
Is beer good for your health?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
How much sleep does an average adult need to live healthy?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
Is what I’m doing right or wrong?
Can I be healthy but not fit?
Is studying a lot, bad for health?
Is sitting on a stool that causes no blood circulation in my legs bad for me?
Why are the reports on the benefits of health foods so conflicting?
Are there any negative health ramifications as a result of drooling in your sleep?
What are some key things you perform daily for optimal health?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
What is a good healthy alternative for cornstarch?
How do we use the Fibonacci sequence to differentiate between healthy and sick lungs?
How do you maintain a healthy spine?
Is sleeplessness/less sleep bad for health? How?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
How do I maintain my health at the age of sixty?
How do I improve my lifestyle with integrated health practices?
How much hour of sleep is sufficient for a person above 18 to stay healthy?
Is mixing ORS and glucose for daily consumption bad for health?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
Drinking coffee in the morning, which I need to function, causes overactivity in my gastrointestinal track. What can I do to counteract this?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
Most nights I am waking up completely soaked in sweat. Why is this happening?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Is monosodium glutamate good for one’s health?
Which is the better way to get coconut meat, heat method or freeze method?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Would you experience any negative health effects if you put only water in an e-cigarette?
I'm a smoker. How do I keep myself healthy without quitting?
How do I keep my health good?
How do you make sure astronauts are mentally healthy during their stay?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
Is it healthy that I eat 10-15 servings of fruit and vegetables per day?
Do we know all of the carcinogen chemicals in plastic and cans, or are we still uneducated and risking getting ill from "BPA-free" items?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
As someone with an ACE score of 10, what can I do to keep my body healthy?
Are pistachios good for health?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
What is the limit on masturbation for a male? Is it good for health?
If turmeric is so healthy, why isn't curry a health food?
Is The Chickery good for one’s health?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How much should I weigh with a healthy body fat percentage?
How does computer maintain its time even it is switched off for long time?
Is severe itching a symptom for a sexually transmitted disease?
Should I avoid seeds, nuts, grains & legumes-unless "properly" processed-due to the antinutrients leading to gut issues, tooth/bone decay & more issues?
How do I stop binge eating all the time?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
How much money do you think a person should spend in order to eat well and stay healthy?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
Healthy living makes me want to die. How can I find a balance?
How can you maintain bone health?
What does healthy lifestyle entails?
What are the safest ways to keep your reproductive system healthy?
Is sabudana good or bad for one’s health?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
Is depression healthy for life?
How safe is Pulphy orange? Comparing to other cool drinks?
How does chow mein affect our health?
Why some people stay strong and healthy when they get old while others don't?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
Is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau doing the right thing to legalize marijuana in Canada? Why or why not?
What healthy foods can I blend in a blender to make healthy smoothies, milkshakes and juices?
Is Quora a healthy habit?
Why is bioacoustics health?
It is true that we can/should eat a lot at breakfast?
How do healthy habits help people live longer lives?
Could you survive and be healthy by only sleeping in 90 minute intervals?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How much time should we spend in front of the TV for a healthy life?
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: "A healthy body is a reflection of a healthy mind. A healthy mind is a reflection of a healthy body"?
Is bronze good for bone health?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
How much money do we need to earn to maintain a socially healthy life in the Indian metros, nowadays?
How can I lead a healthy life as a hosteller of a college?
Is it because I crack my knuckles regularly that I can't make a tight fist?
How exactly did David Dao get a concussion during the United Airlines incident?
Is tandoori roti good for health?
Is there any adverse effect to health from living close to wooden overhead pole with three transformers attached?
What are the basic steps to stay fit and healthy?
Which is the best way to maintain a healthy lifestyle, yoga or the gym?
Why is travel healthy for you?
Should we force overweight people to lose weight for the same reasons we force people to wear seat belts, on the pain of sanctions?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
How do I stay healthy and fit in this hot summer in India?
What everyday habits do you practice to maintain a healthy physical & mental lifestyle? How do you balance it with your family and leadership duties?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
How can I stay healthy and be happy on low income?
Why do people say that slouching is bad for my health?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Does intense migraine and tinnitus serve as a disability criteria in India?
What factors control the human heart rate? What can cause it to go down?
How do I start being healthier?
Why does being healthy and fit bring a smile to your face?
Can you live a healthy life on a diet that contains no carbohydrates?
How can you keep your digestive track healthy?
What are some of the best way to stay fit and healthy if you are a busy student?
Is it healthy to use a sextoy all the time?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
How do you keep a healthy lifestyle?
Has anyone witnessed any type 1 diabetes who has a healthy lifestyle even during his/her old age without serious health problems?
What activities do you do regularly if you are a male teenager of 16?
Lately, I've been trying to eat healthy, exercise and drink loads of water, so why do I have a bad stomach all the time, since starting this?
Are beeswax candles good for health?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
How do I maintain high energy levels being overweight?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
How can I relax my forehead and develop a healthy brow?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
Sunlight is healthy, but at what point does it become harmful?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
I've been physically inactive since I was 12. I'm 19. How much harm did I do to my health in the long term?
Is it safe to cook different meats together on the same pan or tray, or is there a high risk of getting sick?
Will HPV be contagious after it is cleared from your body?
How can I get a healthy and attractive body after the age of forty years old?
Is shifting my sleep from night to evening healthy?
What is the healthiest way to live better and longer?
Aside from genetics and healthy living, do cranky people live longer than placid, accepting people?
Is rowing on the Thames around Putney bad for your health?
Can a dialysis patient eat fish soup or not?
How do I keep healthy as an architect?
What are your personal experiences with the "tabata workout routine"?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
Is there an increased risk to get stomach diseases by drinking soda or energy drinks?
Is drinking a lot of water before sleeping bad for health?
Have you heard about transdermal medical CO2 therapy that significantly improves microcirculation?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
When are you living a healthy lifestyle?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
What is the least messy way to cut and store a watermelon?
Are nightmares good for health in any way?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
How do you keep lysosomes healthy?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
Are there any negative feedback/side effects of a one month intake of UAE's Nutridiet shakes?
Which is the best fitness app for a healthy life style?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
What are tips for good health?
Are there long term health risks as to cracking ones knuckles?
What do I need to do if I want to live long?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
As an unemployed executive, how do I stay sane & healthy? I have been out of a job for a month now. What good things can I do until I get a job?
Where does the food go that doesn’t come out as poop?
Is it healthy to eat the Lipton chicken noodle soup?
What are disadvantages of good health?
How accurate is the book "The Wellness Sense" by Om Swami?
Is it normal to feel tight in the heart, slightly short of breath, anxious, die out for a second & be sore on the side of the neck a day after taking Benadryl?
Is too much sleep good for the health?
How can I maintain my health without the gym?
Can a covert narcissist live a healthy life?
What is the minimum amount of masturbation to stay healthy?
Is using ashwagandha or shatavari good for health?
How can I make tikka masala low in saturated fat?
Is dining out bad for the health?
Which ingredients should I pick in Subway for the healthiest possible sandwich?
Is soybean oil good for one’s health?
How are there dietitians and nutritionists that are clearly not close to being in good shape? Would you trust their rules?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
How does eating healthy lead to a happy life?
How can I stop making excuses and actually start to exercise and eat healthy?
Why are health and hygiene important in our life?
How did you motivate yourself to exercise and control eating habits when you had chronic severe headaches?
What are the ways to get rid of hyperacidity?
Are expectations healthy?
Has anyone gotten ill after leading a healthy lifestyle?
How do I keep myself healthy in a factory that isn't climate-controlled?
What are some healthiest habits I could add to my routine?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Is it possible to have too much iron?
What exercise should I be doing for my body composition?
How can I improve my health conditions?
Haw can I increase my personal energy?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Is industrialized agriculture good for us? How is our personal health affected?
How can we make ourselves healthy?
How much vision can a healthy man have?
What does the wellness triangle indicate?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
People in their 30s or early 40s: why aren't you doing as much sport as when you were in your 20s?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
What are some of the pros and cons of living in the countryside?
Would someone be healthier if he/she did deep breathing all the time?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
Are cooking sprays good for health?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
How many times a week should I masturbate to remain healthy?
Is sweating good for health?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
How do I practice picking the best watermelon and under what conditions can I apply each method?
My girlfriend is 19, 5 foot 9, and 95kg, and she refuses to take advice from me about exercise. How do I explain it to her? I'm worried.
What kinds of activities are good for children’s health?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
Should I be concerned about my health benefits for the future when I'm overweight?
What is your secret to stay young?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
Is Lactaid healthy?
How much water should an adult, aged around 25 years old, consume daily in order to maintain his good health?
What do you do for your health?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
What are the things you do daily to keep your home clean and germs free?
Is gomutra good for health?
Is financial health correlated with physical health?
What is a good, healthy way to stop flashbacks when you have them?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
Is there time to workout and stay healthy if I become an airline pilot?
What food should one consume most days to live a long and healthy life?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
What should healthy boogers look like?
Mr. Anurag, how do you keep healthy?
Why are men less concerned about their health?
What is your opinion on safe and nutritious food for healthy life?
Does Qvar inhaler really treat asthma?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
How can nurses keep themselves healthy when they are working different shifts patterns every week?
Does pepper make one live longer?
What are you ladies' challenges to exercising and eating healthy on a consistent basis?
Are lice bad for our health?
How do I convince myself to make health a priority?
What are the ways to keep the pancreas healthy & active?
Is female sterilization bad for your health in the long run, since the natural cycle is being halted?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
I'm too lean and thin. How can I improve my health after the age of 24 (Please read description)?
What is the healthy range for A1C?
What habits should be followed for keeping your gums healthy?
How do I get into the routine for a healthy life? How do I get the motivation?
What is the importance of the wellness triangle?
How healthy are Americans?
Compare a single water fast of over 10 days vs intermittent fasting for several months. Would the health results not be similar?
What does a healthy male body look like?
How do I maintain a healthy lifestyle while working in a night shift?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
How does positivity make you healthy and successful in life?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
How do excessive video gamers maintain their health?
If you ate junk food despite your diet, how would you feel like and what thoughts would you have?
Can someone following a healthy lifestyle and healthy food habits live 100+ years, or is this just a myth now?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
Are there any circumstances that would justify regulating profits from pharmaceutical products?
How can the Japanese have the highest rate of stomach cancer even though their diet is mostly healthy?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
Challenge: vegetarian for 1 month. Any advice or tips on how to stay healthy during this time?
Is Tata Teaveda good for women’s health?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
What are the five daily practices for a healthy life?
What is the best and easiest way to stay healthy without spending lot of time?
I'm in the process of starting a Superfood supplements business. To what extent can I offer nutritional advice?
How much, in matters of health, do you win by having an extremely healthy life?
What are the minimum daily amounts of oils and salt that a healthy adult needs in order to stay healthy?
Is wearing Rudraksha good for your health?
Is it healthy for someone to wrestle with their partner?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
Is orbit is good for health?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
Should people just accept their body as it is (as long as it is healthy, of course)?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
How do I adjust to a work environment with just my left hand? The other is in a hard cast from a hairline fracture at the wrist. I am right handed.
Do sauna suits have the same effect as sauna?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Is eating cilantro bad for health?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
I want to be outdoors all day, not inside an office or at home, how do I achieve that?
Is the consumption of Revital H good for one’s health?
Is Enduramaas beneficial for your health?
Are there any benefits to long distance walking?
How do ambers help improve one’s health?
Is smoking and drinking really bad for your health?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Should I eat avocado seeds? Are they poisonous?
How is it possible to have Vitamin B12 deficiency even if I drink a lot of milk?
What are the best health tips for childrens?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
What does healthy soil have to do with me?
Are whole lentils more nutritious than whole wheat bread?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
How is National Health Policy 2017 announced today?
What does a reality based healthy male friendship look like?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
How does one make healthy choices?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
Are throwing glass jars a healthy way to vent anger?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
What are the best things to keep in a relationship to keep it healthy?
How do you stay healthy in summer?
Why do people continue smoking despite packet labeling indicating that it is harmful to health?
I heard about Varco Phyto Oil as a remedy for varicose veins. Is it effective and recommended for phytotherapy?
How do I get a good lifestyle?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Why is Ovaltine healthy?
How do I heal my damaged vocal cords naturally?
What are alternatives for the foods that I might be allergic to? I want to gain lean weight and I need a variety of foods to reach 3500 calories daily.
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
What is needed for healthy fertilization?
What are good vegan meal plans for a very active person that is looking to gain lean weight (3500 calories daily)?
Where are the cleanest places to live?
What are your biggest struggles around food, feeling good in your body and a healthy lifestyle?
Why is it necessary to work out the muscular system with physical exercise to be healthy as far as the AHA is concerned?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
If you could live for a thousand years while being healthy and active, what would you do?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
Should we accept obesity or help people get thinner?
What should be my routine in Kota to stay healthy?
Has the Roost Laptop Stand made a significant difference on any part of your body?
Is it unhealthy to exercise in the morning before soiling?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
What are the best ways to teach your kids healthy habits?
Where do I begin to change my mentality, my way of living and my current path to becoming more than a victim?
What should one do to remain younger and healthy always?
How can people maintain healthy weight while on grain free fruit and veggie diet?
What is necessary to maintain health?
Is it good to go for a health card?
Is wine good or bad for your health?
How can one have a healthy thinking?
What are some health benefits of louts?
What is the perfect routine for a healthy life style while working in continuous day & night shifts?
I recently got diagnosed with HIV. I plan to change my lifestyle so that I could live a healthy life and turn my life around. What should I do?
How one can lead a successful, happy and healthy life?
What are the benefits found in lemon tea with honey?
Is (or could) drinking olive oil good for the stomach?
How much heterozygosity would be needed in a person's genes to be genetically healthy?
Is sleeping after 10 pm detrimental to your health?
How can I keep my liver healthy?
Why do we die from not eating?
Why introverts always score good in academics?
Does canned food always have preservatives, even if it's not listed?
What if life came with an expiry date?
How can I simply maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
What are some things that can reduce medical problems and promote a healthier lifestyle?
Is cardio necessary to keep the heart healthy?
What are some of the best doctors' for a healthy life?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
What is the best fit exercises?
I sit at a desk all day. What can I do to maintain good health?
What are some good cross body health exercise?
I have been obese since I was 17, and am turning 19 in December. Do I still have a hope of growing taller if I lead a healthy lifestyle?
Why am I struggling to lose body fat percentage?
Why is the per capita spending on healthcare so high in the US?
Are late night suppers bad for health?
What should one do in order to resist temptations and to maintain a fully stable, strong, healthy mind?
What are some of your best healthy life tips?
Will god punish us for masturbating?
How can I live a healthy life as a college student? I have time management issues. Can anybody help?
When will people try to change their food habits to be healthier?
I have a neutered male cat (8 months old) that I adopted from a shelter. What are some ways that I can improve/maintain his health?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
What's the best way to make sure you're healthy every year?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How many cloves should a person consume per day for good health?
Where and how can I market a business in health and wellness? Please be specific.
Have you experimented with caloric restrictions as a method of extending your life?
How do we develop healthful desires?
What is the secret of staying healthy in Ramadan?
Is RedBull really that bad for your health?
Are water stains on sleeping surfaces bad for health?
What is the best way to a physical and mental, healthy life?
Is Zamzam water good for health?
What is your definition of a healthy dessert?
Is sleeping on the floor or firm surfaces really better for posture and back issues?
What were the healthy habits followed by ancient people in India?
What is ceragem treatment?
How can I become healthier within 1 month?
What should be one's diet if he/she wants to be healthy and fit?
How much hours should we sit a day?
What's the best gel insole for a 56-year-old man (Size 7 shoe) who works as a cook and standing all day in a restaurant?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
How do I stay active without eating healthy?
How can I live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager girl?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
How much do you walk on average every day?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Are tattoos good for your health?
If I bleach my hair every two weeks, what negative effects would occur to my health?
Why is saltwater bad for health?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
What is the best thing to do after overeating?
Are steroids really bad for one’s health? Are there any scientific studies about that?
Are Kellogg’s Oat Bites healthy?
How bad does it burn when you drink bleach?
Are bananas, oranges, bread and water the minimum different foods you need to live a healthy life?
Should friends share the same values? What might be those values?
How can you stay comfortable and healthy working and sitting at a desk all day?
How can I quit my TV and phone addictions?
What are some signs that you should bring your parent to the doctor?
Is cycling 15km everyday for a commute sufficient exercise for a 35-year-old male to lead a healthy lifestyle?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
Are there any risks from taking the supplements designed to increase glutathione?
Is exercise bad for you?
How do I cope with poverty?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
What are some facts about hot tubs and infections that will help you to stay healthy?
Is chicken bad for your health?
Why is mercury bad for our health?
How hungry or full should I be at bedtime for optimal health?
What should I do to stay fit and healthy this summer?
How can I keep my tresses moisturized and healthy? What basic products would you recommend?
How can a beer lover lead a healthy life?
Is it bad if can't sleep?
Is a toilet's flush valve intentionally placed on the right side (as you stand in front of the toilet) to minimize contamination?
Is having WiFi at home harmful for our health?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
What can I do now in my mid 30s to have a healthy life in my 40s?
How do we organize a healthy lifestyle in small residential complexes?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
How can I have sex daily and still have a healthy life?
Is douching with vinegar and water safe?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What are some ways to stay healthy even if you spend most of the day sitting down?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
Does adding a lot of spice to your meals have a negative effect on your health?
How harmful is it for your back or body to use your laptop, while sitting in your laptop chair and putting your legs up on your bed that’s nearby?
Are samosas good for health?
How do you change a stubborn, harmful habit that you've failed to change over the years?
How does one reverse one's age appearance at 30 years of age considering that person is already living a healthy lifestyle?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What are some of the best healthy habits, for people working in irregular shifts?
How common is it to lead a perfectly healthy life with complete DPD deficiency disorder?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
What are the things necessary to live a healthy life?
How long should I wait before I go to sleep after working out?
How do I lose 25-35kg in a year?
Why does a person changes personality when they lose a lot of weight?
What are some good side dishes for a Korean barbecue?
Is mayoneese healthy for body?
Why sleeping for an appropriate time is important for good health?
What is health and wellness tourism?
Are soft drinks harmful for our health?
What can I do instead of eating that will give me the same satisfying feeling?
Other than coffee, what are some examples of foods, vitamins and other items that will result in vasoconstriction?
How much do hot baths increase people’s heart rates?
Does drug abuse truly cause aging?
Is it a good idea to eat healthy snacks such as nuts or fruits while working?
How can I get lean muscles?
If I eat less than 2000 calories per day and exercise 1 hour a day, how much fat will I burn in 1 month?
Would it help to maintain my health records?
How do I stop caring about my looks and feeling like my whole life will be decided on my looks? It's making me depressed.
Does your body always register all food that comes in?
Is it healthy for your back to be standing all 8 hours of your shift?
What exercise and dietary choices should I make to be as healthy as possible and what motivation tips can you give to help follow those choices?
What's your favorite diet?
Is their any damage to my health if I stop consuming thyroid tablets suddenly, but I started yoga?
How do I get rid of excess fat on my mons pubis?
What is your daily healthy breakfast?
How can plants contribute to healthy and Improved sleeping?
Which is the best weight loss program?
Is drinking Sprite regularly harmful for your health?
Is it possible to stay at 8% body fat all your life? Is this healthy?
Is paracetamol tablet bad for our health?
What is the superb things you need to buy when you get rich?
Is there a relation between lack of soreness after working out and vegan diet?
I weigh 138 kg now, my goal is to weigh 100 kg. What should be my diet plan in order to achieve my goal?
I am a really busy college student. I am starting to gain weight. How many hours per week should I exercise at least?
How can I maintain healthy boundaries?
How can I get my body in good shape at home?
What are some ways to get slim in a week?
Is the pulp of the fruit the healthy part?
Are MRE's healthy enough for daily consumption for athletes?
Is swimming daily good for health?
What is the one single food I should stop eating to lose weight pronto? Im 5'9 180 lbs and love my potato chips and work out on occasions.
Can a back pack injure your back?
Should I do physical exercises every day? For what amount of time?
How does Virat Kohli maintain a healthy lifestyle to stay so fit and motivated?
Is skipping barefooted good for health?
If you're between 35 and 55, why do you want to be healthy and strong?
Where is the best place on the internet to ask medical questions?
What are the best ways to reduce fat over the hips and thighs in women, without exercising?
Why am I healthier since moving to Costa Rica? Am I healthier because of a stronger immune system or because of fewer germs ? Is stress the real key?
How do you avoid unintentionally eating halal food?
What is your best daily activity schedule to get healthy lifestyle and happy heart?
Will people be healthier in the future?
What nutrition should I take in order to maintain good health?
I'm 16 and weigh 280lbs, how long would it take to slim down and gain muscle?
How can I become fit and healthy if I have lived a really unhealthy lifestyle in the past 10 years?
What is a good jump rope workout plan?
Is it healthy for someone who spent most of the day sitting to go for an intensive physical activity just for a few minutes?
What is the difference between Being Healthy and being Fit? Can we be healthy but not fit or fit but not healthy?
Why is it so hard to get 6-pack abs?
Do I have Marfan's Syndrome?
Why do eating speeds differ? How can I safely increase my speed if it's too low?
Is it healthy to sleep immediately after having dinner?
I am very thin, have a high metabolism and need to build up some fat and muscle. I'm 17 years old. How do I gain weight quickly?
How can a scrawny and lazy 14 year old gain muscle and become ripped?
Do people who've never used illicit drugs feel they've missed out on experiences, or even potential emotions and feelings that their brains are capable of?
How can I be in a calorie deficit diet for weight loss and at the same time not lose muscle? Should I cut down calories from carbs and fat?
Can I live until I am 100 years old?
What are the benefits of drinking half lemon, 2tbs honey and half tsp turmeric powder mixed in warm 250 ml water in empty stomach on early morning?
Who invented push-ups?
How can I manage to eat healthier if I want to cut down biscuits and sugary meals/snacks?
Can I lose weight with a 1400 cal diet?
How do programmers stay healthy when they brag about only eating pizza, drinking coffee and sitting and coding for hours upon hours?
What would happen if unhealthy person whos body is dmaged from drugs, cigarettes and alcohol would start living healthy, doing sports, running etc?
Is it harder to exercise when breathing through an air mask (when dealing with pollution, like the pollution in China)?
How does wearing far infrared reflecting pajamas affect your health and athletic performance?
What does it feel like to be a formerly fit, toned athlete to someone who has let themselves go and gain a ridiculously large amount of weight?
Why do people who believe we have a time to die like "destiny", live a healthy lifestyle, wear seat belts, etc.?
Why do I always have terrible breath after taking a nap?
Is Icecream good for health?
What are the daily practices to become succesful?
How do I motivate myself to exercise and eat healthy?
Why its important stay young & fit in today's mordern lifestyle?
Is it healthy to lose weight without eating?
What are your favorite smart home features?
How can I improve my food discipline?
How is proper fasting done?
Is too much protein in the diet bad?
Can you lose weight by drinking smoothies for breakfast?
Is it must to sleep 7 to 8 hours daily?
Will I be overtraining if I train 6 days a week with a lower/upper body split?
What are the health benefits of red wine?
How long will it take to lose 10 pounds?
Does singing too much effect our health?
Should I avoid regular snacking to stay healthy?
What should you do when someone hates you?
How can I lose 90 pounds in three months?
What are the dangers of eating raw pancetta?
Can cake be healthy?
What is the best way for me to lose weight continuously over a 12-18 month period of time?
Why is chicken and rice considered a healthy dish?
How can I lose weight, and decrease my stomach size?
How we can take care of our health?
What are good companies to work in the fitness, wellness, or health food industries in Vancouver?
How do you maintain a healthy lifestyle in such an unstable society?
How can I work more, sleep less and also stay healthy?
How do I lose weight and be lanky?
Have you been trying to be healthier in your life?
What is muesli used for? Do it have bad effects on health?
Why scuba diving can be healthy for people?
What meal to taken before excerise?
How can I make my groin & inner thigh muscles loose & flexible-they're very tight & limited in range of motion when I do side leg swings?
Which exercises are good for health and overall development?
Pick one of the most important things you could do to make yourself happier. Why are or aren't you doing it?
Is there an Android app for treadmill HIIT?
Is doing sports at night bad for your health?
What are some activities to do on a regular basis after retirement that will keep you healthy and actively relaxed?
If a person looks muscular, does it follow that he is healthy, energetic and likely to have a long life span?
Which diet and exercise plan should be followed to lose 20 pounds in 10 weeks?
Is Coregasm good or bad for health?
What health benefits did you notice after you began drinking more water?
Are people who are heavier less healthy after controlling for bodyfat %?
How do I get rich (really rich) by working from home?
After a gym workout, what can I do to burn fat and not burn muscles?
What should I do in my 40's?
Can extreme sexual conservatism cause mental health problems?
Are comfy expensive mattresses worth buying for as part of a healthy lifestyle?
Is there a smartband designed for health tracking?
What 'bad' habits that are actually good for your health?
Can I gain six pack without those expensive training equipment or going to gym?
What Are The Effects of Diet on Our Skin?
How healthy is too healthy?
Which is the best gear cycle with a budget of Rs. 10000?
Does eating dried cranberries have any negative impact on our health?
How can I deny hunger on a diet?
How do I stay healthy at age 45 if I am a woman?
What are the most healthy and environmentally friendly to go box solutions?
How much protein is too much? I weight 71 kg and I'm 18 years old. How much should I consume?
What did your face look like before and after losing weight?
How healthy is Tutti Frutti?
Do we need to have the same nutritional intake every day?
Is being too responsible bad for my health?
Is it healthy to take contraceptive pills or can they in the long run actually harm women's health?
In general, what is worse, a good diet but not enough physical activity or enough physical activity but a bad diet?
Is it true tequila helps in losing weight? If true, does Mezcal have the same effect?
Do healthy teenagers die from heart attacks?
How do I lose weight if I mostly have fat in my stomach area?
What should I do to gain weight and enlarge my calves?
What is your routine ..which you think is healthy and possible in present world?
What is the most health coffee to drink between an espresso and a latte?
what are some of the best books written on nutrition?
How do I shift my circadian rhythm to that of a morning person's?
What are some healthy habits every student must have in life?
What is your favorite way to lose weight?
Are there any health disadvantages from smoking weed?
What in addition to diet and exercise plays a role in weight loss?
Can you motivate me to always exercise, stay fit, and eat healthy?
What is the best Yoga to keep your stomach healthy?
Are saturated oil good for health?
How can I live a healthy and happy life?
Can I lose weight eating only ice cream?
How do I keep my eyes healthy while using computer?
Why does thinking of the past make me extremely sad?
How can I control my appetite more effectively?
What are harmful fruits which spoil health?
What is the rules of modern etiquette?
What supplements should kids ages 9-16 be taking in addition to their diet?
Are push-ups a good form of exercise for healthy lifestyle?
Is coffee bad for health?
What must be the diet for a teenager who wants to live fit?
What are some benefits to our general health of practicing headstand or hand stands?
How can I start feeling healthy and energised?
Which way is the best way to lose weight along with measurement?
What's the fastest way to lose as much weight as I can In 80 days?
How do I overcome fear of Anesthesia?
What is the best known healthy diet for a person without a gallbladder?
How do plants contribute to healthy living?
Is bleaching your teeth bad for your health?
How do I decide Goenka's 10 day Vipassana retreat is for me?
I am 65. How can I live a peaceful healthy life?
How can initiatives lead to a healthier lifestyle?
What is the effect of eating pasta and pizza everyday?
Why do people take Disprin so much even though it is so bad for health?
What are the five mistakes that can wreck your health?
Does sweat help fight acne?
Do you have tips to stay healthy while coding all day?
What are the benefits of high carb low protein low fat diet. 80/10/10.?
Can I lose weight from eating only coffee, water and a fruit a day in 2 months?
I want to build mass, is it better to do 5 days isolated or 3 times compound exercise per week?
When will humans no longer have to exercise to remain healthy?
Can you help me lose weight?
How do I maintain healthy lifestyle in an Indian hostel (specifically in West Bengal)?
Can a human stay healthy on bread, water and vitamin pills only?
What is the perfect diet plan to stay healthy and fit from morning to night?
Does my health get affected if I sleep only for 4 hours during night and I meditate for 1 hour during the day to compensate for the loss of sleep?
What is a good book about living a healthy life, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Which types of foods can improve memory and concentration instantly?
I know about exercise and eating healthy, but how do I make lasting changes that stick?
Did you know that Colgate is bad for health?
Is homemade pinni good for your health?
What are dips good for?
Is it possible to lose weight in 2 days without doing exercise?
How do I prevent myself from falling asleep at noon?
What have you discovered about yourself by doing what you love?
Is sprinting good for health?
Can I play sports if I have runner's knee?
Which are the healthy habits for a long life?
How many times mastaburating per a day is good for health?
How can you treat a pulled lat muscle?
Should kids do competitive sports in middle/highschool?
What's your favorite thing about your body?
Do potatoes lose calories when you boil them?
How important is exercising to growth?
Is anti-mosquito incense bad for health?
Is 900-100 calories a day enough for a 13 year old girl?
Do you believe that in general people want to grow, want to learn, and want to eat healthy and stay fit?
How can I get extra weight and improve my health?
Is masturbation really necessary to maintain one's health? Can one live and be healthy without practicing it at all?
How will wireless communication deprive our health?
What is the average weekly walking mileage to stay healthy?
How does a lazybones' day look like?
Which are the best exercises for losing fat?
How long can a healthy person live life in the current generation?
What should a healthy and fit human body be able to do?
How do I design my diet to be healthy from inside and stay active from outside?
Is living in a house above 550 feet sea level safe?
What are the health and psychological benefits of running before dawn?
Im 29 never been to gym, 20-30 min cycling/day, 0.5 km average walk/day recently I gained some weight (176cm, 81kg) how I can loss 10kg effectively?
What is the best approach for me to reduce belly fat for good, considering I have knee pain? Which exercise & what diet?
What should American do to help people become healthy again?
How do I lose weight while working and sitting in an office for 10-12 hours a day?
How can I improve my health in a week?
Why doesn't fat accumulate on the male calf?
Why does my face looks so healthy after a good night sleep?
Is a knowledge of neurochemistry required in order to live a healthy and productive life?
What are the consequences of using strong laxatives for weight loss?
If I put in 60 minutes a day on a treadmill at fast walk pace of 4.0mph on 15 incline, is that a good routine towards burning fat?
Do I need to walk 10000 steps to be healthy?
Can I exercise everyday by myself and still lose weight?
I have gained weight and I don't feel attractive to my boyfriend anymore. How can I turn myself around and lose weight?
How can you lose weight by dieting?
Why is belly fat so hard to lose in adults?
What is a way to stay happy and healthy?
Is simple beautiful?
Is it true that Jackfruit is a powerful cancer killer?
Is drinking luke warm water with a pinch of turmeric every night is good for the health of a man?
If I want to gain muscle, is it better to lose fat first or just start working out?
What are the three main nutrients that provide energy?
What is the best way to manage a healthy drinking lifestyle?
I'm 15 and really skinny will I eventually gain weight as I get older?
Do you know any online platform for crossfit or nutrition experts can sell their courses?
What are some good exercises to improve knee/ankle strength?
Are fast foods really bad for health?
What is the amount of protein that should be consumed per day to gain muscle I do not want to become buff but want to gain muscle?
How come Amazing Grass' Green Superfood Energy doesn't work for me anymore?
How does thyroid work with other systems to keep the body healthy?
How do top doctors maintain their good health? Apart from regular exercise and eating right, do doctors take supplements?
What are the benefits of peppermint tea for weight loss?
Which is the best to have meal, 3 times or 5 times a day?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
How can I be healthy everyday?
How can I become really fit?
I'm 15, 225 Pounds and 6 feet 1 inches. What can I do to reduce weight?
What all-natural products do you use around your home?
What would a day in the life of a physically and mentally healthy person be like?
What are some simple ways to maintain healthy eyes?
What can I do daily to improve my health?
Is there a scale that shows how healthy or unhealthy something is?
How should they try to spend a healthy lifestyle?
What type of fruits should one consume to stay healthy in Indian summer?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
How long will it take to reduce my waist size and what to do?
What amount of alcohol consumption, over time, is determined to be excessive?
Is it okay to skip breakfast nowadays?
Which is more Health Concern or Healthy city of India'?
Is doing sports, and sleeping well going to affect your growth?
How do I have healthy mind?
How can body fat be reduced?
Is it true that there is always a way?
Should I take Creatine if I am 14 and train every day?
Do weight loss pills work?
How many times masturbating is healthy?
Is it dangerous for the health to workout often in a room which is less areated?
Does paneer do good to my health?
How do I create a room without any ventillation but healthy and comfortable to stay?
What are some good 5 minute healthy and tasty vegetarian snacks?
How about Quora dedicated for Healthy Lifestyle, Health Issues, treatment and after care?
If you had an extra hour in your day, how would you spend it?
Why am I gaining muscle and fat at the same time?
How do you stay energetic throughout the day?
What should I do to have a good health fitness body in a short time?
Is becoming a vegetarian or vegan good for your health?
Is there a scale for how unhealthy or healthy the ingredients are in our food and drinks?
I exercise vigorously 60 mins every day and after 6 months I lost 10kg without changing my diet. Am I lucky or is this normal? My BMI is now 28.
Which is healthier cow,'s milk or buffalo's milk?
My Semen Analysis report shows Very low quantity and bad morphology, Is it recoverable?
Can cocaine make you lose weight?
Do plants make you healthier?
How do I maintain good health and stable mind in corporate stressfull life?
How can I eat healthy when I live at home with my parents, have no income and they refuse to buy me healthy food?
How do I improve health?
Can a body of water be green-colored and be healthy?
Why is eating healthy so hard and expensive?
Why do I only listen to/enjoy listening to classical music and why am I embarrassed to tell people this?
How is whole milk fattening?
How should your stomach feel after eating a proper amount of food?
I have normal pain the day after a training. Should or shouldn't I make more exercises today?
Is champagne good for your health?
What is the benefit of not eating dinner?
What's the correlation between wealth, health, and healthy habits?
How do I live a reasonably healthy life without living too long (past 80ish)?
Can I lose 15 kg in three months?
I am 32 and want to get rid of my bad fun habits (partying, drinking, smoking, flirting), but I feel bored since I stopped. What should I do instead?
What do you prefer eating to stay healthy during winters?
Aren't nutrition and lifestyle extremely important to good health?
Why are a lot of people who exercise and compete in sports still overfat in relation to their lean body mass?
What are the benefits of living a health-centric life and how would you define that life?
What is a good recommendation to eat a balanced diet?
How many hours of sleep do you believe you need each night to be rested? How did you determine that?
Why does ginseng have so many amazing health properties?
What are the benefits of detoxing once a month?
What is the function of cholesterol?
How do friends help us reduce stress?
My fat level is at 37%. I keep my diet to 1,200 calories, do 60 minutes cardio and 45 minutes heavy lifting 5 days a week for more than a year. I've only lost 5kg. What am I doing wrong?
Should I stay in caloric deficit after losing weight?
As a 21 year old beginner, how do I start exercising for beginners at home?
If hair is dead, then how can it be healthy?
Would working out for an hour a day, 5 days a week, enhance my academic performance?
Could I get toned by just doing Jillian Michael videos at home and eating healthy?
Should I consume whey or casein protein for breakfast?
Is it ok to have a Clif Bar for lunch if you don't plan to do any exercise that afternoon or is there too much sugar and too many calories for it to be a good option?
What is the true diet/exercise ratio?
Will I gain fat or muscle if I add this protein diet to my diet?
Does exercise expedite the processing of caffeine?
What causes vomiting during intense exercise?
Why are the veins in my arms bulging every since I started weight training a month ago?
Are workplace romances healthy?
If I count my calories to the T and exercise everyday will I lose weight? I eat 1200 a day, mainly meat and vegetables. I don; t eat rice and sweets.
What is something I can do to get fit and have fun?
Is this a healthy breakfest for body building and putting on mass, while keeping a low body fat percentage?
What is the best way to motivate a woman to lose weight?
What do you think is more important: being healthy or having fun?
What is proof stress?
If you are to eat only at McDonalds for the rest of your life, what would you eat to stay healthy and fit?
How can a beginner learn to box?
Is it healthy to lose weight as it is done on "The Biggest Loser"?
Will running daily alongside a healthy diet help with weight loss? How far should I run?
What are the best stretches for a stiff neck?
Can you make strength gains while cutting fat?
What are some health tips to live a healthy life?
What are some non traditional sports, and how famous are they?
If I'm a skinny man who wants to gain muscle mass, must I avoid alcohol?
What kinds of different seeds should we eat for a healthy lifestyle?
What are your personal/professional/business vision/mission/purpose statements?
Why have I been so forgetful recently?
What are the best ways to beat stress?
Why saturated hydrocarbons are bad for health?
What's it like to be happier with the way you look, after working out and eating well for a while?
How do I get rock-hard abs?
People who weigh 100 kilos or who measure two meters in height, can they reach 100 years of age?
Is paneer good for your health?
What is the most uncommon health advice?
How do I bulk up but stay fit without gaining weight?
Are there any controversies about famous people which everyone needs to know?
What should be added/changed to a diet and exercise regimen if the goal is having a body like that of a greek statue?
In which countries women are the most active (sport)?
Can pasting exercise demo chart posters in bedroom help to develop stretching practise habit development?
What are you doing to stay physically healthy and for drug addiction recovery?
How can I make myself go to sleep without wearing myself out completely?
I'm a 15-year-old girl who is 5'7 and I weigh 120 pounds. Should I lose weight?
What is the best exercise for the inner thighs?
What would you get rid of in America if you could?
How should I lower stress?
Why do I keep sabotaging my own weight loss efforts?
I follow a nutritional approach to staying healthy, who should I trust when it comes to science based professional advice on healthy eating?
Can someone make me an example of a programme to lose weight and gain muscle?
Is it possible to learn squash at the age of 20?
How healthy is Yogurtland?
What are the most interesting fitness/health-related start-ups (or products) out there?
Age:23 years, Weight:82 kg, Height:5'6". My body mass index is 27.7 which is in the overweight category. I want to cut down my weight to 70 kg in a period of 2-3 months. What should I do so that it has no side effects and can lead to long term results?
What is an ideal diet for an Indian vegetarian, who is looking to build muscles and remove all stored fat from his/her body, assuming he/she trains 4 days a week and does cardiovascular exercises for 30 minutes 3 days a week?
How do I train myself to eat less, exercise more, and study harder using operant conditioning?
I'm 17 and I go to the gym every other day. What should I be eating to supplement my work-out? And how much amount?
How do I get rid of a stuck word out of my head?
What evidence is there for/against evolutionary change in humans since the paleolithic?
How to live a natural life and be healthy?
Is it essential to optimize diet with workout or only workout will do to build muscle?
How can I get very fit?
What does your juicing routine look like in the morning?
Is it OK to drink carbonated water during a heavy workout instead of plain water?
What are your best advices for weightloss?
Is it hard to maintain a good health in a busy city life?
Can I really lose weight on NutraSlim HCA?
Is it healthy to use hairspray everyday?
Is red pepper harmful to your health?
Is it unhealthy to run immediately after eating?
How do you customize a weight loss and exercise plan for yourself?
How do we increase the immunity of our body?
What should a person do when feeling pain at their desk?
I want to lose belly fat and gain more muscle mass. What exercises and diet plans can help me in achieving that?
Is a medical tatoo available for a healthy person?
What are some innovative posters for diabities control and healthy life?
Do people care about their health?
I have a pear shaped body. What should my diet and exercise be like?
What is the best way for a friend, family member or doctor to get a loved one or friend to exercise and eat more healthily?
What are the key elements for being on a high, stable level of energy throughout the day?
What health benefits do I get by watching porn?
I am unable to lose weight after a certain point even though I am still overweight. Why?
Is having different opinions in a relationship healthy?
Does a lot of oil in food make it hard for you to loose fat? I'm starting to eat a lot of Indian/Pakistani food lately and I'm pretty sure it has a lot of oil (along with a lot of spices). Can I loose fat with cardio if I eat this stuff? Or should I not be eating it at all?
What's the healthiest food item or meal you can buy for 10$ dollars or less in North America (Canada & USA) that is super healthy and fills you up?
Is it possible for an obese guy to become slim and have 6 pack abs?
How do I stop eating junk food?
What are the best inspirational before and after photos of losing weight after 40?
What's the best mediterranean food or meal chart you've ever seen?
Is the impact of 10,000 steps a day equal to 70,000 steps a week?
What can my mother (59, left partially paralyzed due to stroke) do to live a happy and healthy life of retirement?
How do we prolong our lives and be healthy?
What should you eat before going for a run, and how long beforehand should you eat it?
Can sleep, clean air, exercise, and healthy living improve your general levels of motivation?
What are some good foods and other natural methods to slow down an overactive GI peristalsis in the mornings of each day?
Are strong healthy women more sexy?
Specific marker that is elevated in liver injury due to smoking?
What is a list of fruits with many seeds?
What is stopping people from changing their poor behavior regarding diet and exercise?
Is it possible that your body starts becoming dependent on health products after consistent use at a young age?
Do you know the health benefits of ginger?
What do I need to do daily to keep my vocal chords healthy?
What is the cheapest healthy and fatty food?
How is grapefruit helpful for weight loss?
Why are we eating sweets although we know it's really bad for our health?
I want to lose weight. Before starting my exercise and diet regimen, I want to get my body cleansed. Are there any tablets available in India which can cause loose motions?
What are some organizations that promote sports?
Should I stop counting calories now that I've reached my target weight?
What are the mobile apps that are most effective in improving people's health and wellness?
I am getting fat. What is the best exercise and eating routine for a newbie?
Can I exercise regularly while following a nutritarian lifestyle?
How do I reduce stress and tension? What are the best stress reducing exercises?
What are people doing to achieve the goals of eating better and exercising more in 2014?
Which are the best exercises for a healthy life?
For an active/athletic individual, why are simple sugars so bad?
How important is protein for our body, especially for someone who wants to lose weight?
What exercises can be performed at the gym to target upper and lower back?
What are people saying about Complete Metabolism?
What are the chances of growing for a 21-year-old guy?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
If you say that life is a game, what kind of a game could it be?
What are the minimum basic exercises and yoga to do in order to stay young, fit, and healthy?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
What should I do to become healthy without workout?
How many meals per day should I have and at what intervals for a slow muscle building programme?
I am severely obese. What will 4 years no exercise and poor eating habits do to my body and is it at all possible for me to lose all my body fat and get abs if I change my lifestyle habits?
How can I get rid of my Red Bull energy drink addiction?
What is an ideal back workout to do at home?
Why don't overweight people eat less and exercise more to lose weight, instead of trying ineffective and expensive diets or programs?
What is the best food post workout?
Is it better to eat high glycemic index foods before running?
What is maximum healthy number of flight hours?
How do you get rid of armadillos?
What are some pasta sauce recipes that don't include tomatoes?
What are your personal goals for the new year?
What food/exercise combo works best to stop weight gain whilst eating competitively?
Is there any evidence that exercise is beneficial if you're not overweight?
Is it better to eat poorly (fast food, alcohol, take out, etc) and exercise daily OR to eat healthy home cooked meals, not drink, and do no exercise at all?
How many times did you fail in dieting before reaching your desired body?
How can I undo all the damage that has been done to my health by myself over the years?
How can I gain muscle on a low protein diet?
What area of the body will lose weight by cutting out soda?
How can I start eating healthy as a teenager?
Which health drink you prefer, and what makes you buy it?
Why are Banfield Wellness Plans so expensive?
Will I gain weight if I sleep for three hours after a meal for maybe 20 minutes?
How could a person compose a compelling and practical, personal, professional, business vision, or mission, or purpose statement?
Is it time to start practicing with carbo loading and blood transfusions for my daily runs?
What could have the greatest and best impact on the life of a person?
What are the best foods to eat after late (ish) night training, about 90 mins before bed?
How do rock stars live so long with all the drink, drugs and smoking?
Why is fructose sometimes portrayed as better than sucrose?
Cardiovascular Fitness: What would happen if I ate something like a cheeseburger and fries and right after did 30 minutes of cardio?
What is the healthiest way to sanitize dishes?
How much calories do burn after having sex?
What do you love about exercising?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
If working hard have bad effects on my health, should I stop it?
How much calories get burned by hand-gripper exercise?
Can you exercise directly after eating?
Why do diabetic patients refuse to exercise and eat right?
How important is it to eat immediately after working out — and how much of what type of food at what time is best for muscle growth and fat loss?
Someone on the Internet said that you need to overeat your favorite foods to burn as much fat as possible as a possible truth. What do you think of that statement?
What are the exercises one should do just-before or just-after a meal for improving digestion?
What is the right diet for a long healthy life?
Why does counting calories work very well for many if a calorie is not a calorie and some say it does not work?
What is the proper balance of water, electrolytes, protein, complex carbohydrate and simple carbohydrate for maximum absorption and performance during an endurance event?
Is eating 100 gm of soaked green gram with vegetables, and 3 slices of jam spread brown bread enough for a healthy dinner? As I am hoping to reduce 5 kg of my weight.
Can skipping (jumping rope) help lose weight? What is the correct way of doing it in order to lose the maximum amount of weight?
What are some muscle building and weight gain hacks?
What's the purpose of non-team sports?
Is vegetarianism or non-vegetarianism better with respect to health disorders?
Is 1300 calories per day too much for me to lose weight?
Have you ever used self defense, and harmed someone? What did you do?
How can I keep motivated to achieve my goals of eating healthily and doing fitness while always changing the country I live in?
What can I do with my wife who is very fat and not really willing to follow proper diet plan and exercises?
What should I eat to become healthy?
How can I remove my love handles without losing weight?
I want to lose 12 kgs in 2 months.What diet plan and exercise should I follow. If anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?
Is it healthier to live on the first floor or on the top floor?
What are the best foods to eat for getting to that last step of finally having rippling 6-pack abs?
What is the best diet and exercise for teens?
Most of the students in your class take a lot of time to play any outdoor games. How should they should try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What is an effective exercise routine for a regular, 30 to 45-minute session? Objective: keep fit and lose fat.
Is it generally healthy for all people to eat one large avocado per day?
Can I lose weight by going to the gym and not gain any musculature in the process?
Gyms and Workout Facilities: Which exercise will be helpful in improving the shape and size of skinny legs in men?
What diet changes need to be made when going from a cardio intensive to weight training?
What habits do you think make up the perfectly healthy lifestyle?
What are your favorite post-workout smoothie and/or protein shake recipes?
If too little and too much sex BOTH increase prostate cancer risk, what is the "perfect" number or range of times a week someone should have sex?
What should I eat to help grow muscle mass?
What will you do to get rid of stress?
Human Physiology: How soon after eating a meal can I exercise without affecting the overall digestion?
How can I make my body healthy?
Is sex bad everyday?
How much in healthcare savings does one accrue by engaging in daily or regular exercise?
Where can I find the most accurate nutrition data on-line?
What are the best foods to eat following an intense hour long workout in order to stave off hunger for the remainder of the day?
How flawed and outdated is the body mass index (BMI) measurement? Why?
What are the health benefits of sunlight?
Should I eat protein before bed?
What has trial and error taught you about how different foods make you feel or how helpful certain foods are or aren't in the process of performing well as an athlete or when working out?
Which foods and routines are best for fast healing and anti-aging of the body?
How big of an impact does exercise have on lowering cholesterol?
Is there anything special about Clinique La Prairie?
What are the basics for a healthy lifestyle?
What is the importance of proteins and lipids in our food?
I'm naturally fit, why should I start to work out?
My grandparents are both pretty unhealthy. Each of them are overweight and one is a diabetic yet they continue to eat unhealthy and get minimal exercise. I know I can't make them do anything, but what are some ways I can encourage/help them start to take the steps to a healthier life style?
How big is the home gym industry?
Is it possible to control our body temperatures, thereby reducing the metabolic rates and helping in weight gain?
What are simple, healthy, and cheap meals to stay healthy?
If you could live 200 years and still be healthy, would you want to?
Is it hard to maintain a healthy diet while working or studying full-time? If so, why?
What are the health benefits of drinking human blood?
What are the best proven ways to increase your immunity?
What is the 'No-nonsense, sure-to-work Dummies Guide to go from 20% body fat to 10%'?
What makes life healthy?
I want to lose my weight, but my schedule is too tight for me to go out for jogging or exercises. Is there some way where I can lose my weight in my daily routine, like some diet tips?
What is the correct diet and exercise for me given the following information?
Should I stop using febreeze and lysol in my house because of all the harmful chemicals in them?
Is the calorie contents of food the single and most important factor in dieting?
What is the best therapy to do to relieve stress?
How much money do you spend daily?
How do you prevent your metabolism from catching up with you as you age and are no longer able to keep up the same workout intensity?
What is the best pill to lose weight and lose man boobs?
What is the best motivation for a healthier lifestyle?
Have you tested the ph levels for your drinking water to make sure it's safe to drink?
Have you suffered any adverse health effects from electronic cigarettes?
What are the useful tricks to maintain healthy relationships?
Do you find it confusing to eat healthfully?
What is a good beauty regimen for an aspiring male model?
We all hear that proper and right nutrition/diet for bodybuilding is just as important as the right exercises, but what exactly is that diet?
I'm a single parent interested in Aquaponics. I have a budget of ~$100 to start & no supplies. What is the simplest/basic way to start? Thank you!
What are some ways to not be lazy and to exercise daily?
When you are doing Atkins and in ketosis, how is it possible to consume 4000 calories/day and still lose weight?
Exercise: Is it true your body burns calories faster if you eat after you run?
Is eating dry fruits good before a workout?
What is the healthiest body fat percentage for a 19 year old female?
What is a realistic amount of weight to lose each week?
Can I lose fat by eating healthy and for exercise only doing weight training?
How many adults should a slightly overweight (by 4kgs) adult eat daily?
Why is it necessary to take a brisk walk after eating food?
What are the most important nutrients besides protein for building muscle and for maximising muscle efficiency/removing limiting factors in exercise?
What diet should I follow while I'm working out?
What should I eat before running a test which starts at 8:00 am?
Would eating a whole loaf (570 grams) of purple wheat bread from a local bakery a day be that bad if you're very active?
How can I have a lean and taut body in a few months? How should my workout plans and diet be?
I'm a 28-year old male, 5'10" height and 68kg weight with a normal body. I am a vegetarian and do not eat eggs. I have low strength and low stamina. I have just started to workout at the gym. What is a workout plan week for starters? Also, a protein powder which is pure vegetarian?
How can I find reliable, scientific information about health and nutrition?
I am a 19-year-old girl with a height of 152 cms weighing around 70kgs. What is the ideal way to lose weight (diet and exercise) within a short span of time?
I do half an hour of exercise daily and walk an hour as well. Porridge for breakfast, tuna and veg for lunch, and soup or some other light meal for dinner. I snack on fruit and never go over 1400 calories a day. I have not lost any inches! Advice on what more I need to be doing?
How often must I have green tea in a day?
How many days will be required to see the effect of your workout and diet?
How do I get more weight?
I want to go to the gym, but I'm eating less. Will eating less affect my body if I workout daily?
How much protein should be consumed after a workout?
How tough is it to lose weight for thyroid (hypothyroidism) patients? Is it true that they would stay fat and overweight for their entire life?
Do artificial sweeteners make you fat?
Anyone ever used genetic testing to determine a diet and fitness programme as offered by DNAFit?
What is the best way to lose belly fat: swimming or using a gym?
What will happen if your body intakes too much protein? Will it help muscles grow bigger or will it have a negative effect?
What causes over-eating in the time of stress and heavy work?
What are the best meal plan, exercise program and supplements to build bulk and a strong body type?
What's your favorite pre-workout snack/meal and why?
I've seen that people serious about bodybuilding or weight loss tend to make their meals in advance. What meals do they prepare? And does it have any health implications?
How often do patients follow the diet and exercise recommendations of doctors?
How much of the diet eating plan must be followed to see some decent results of Focus T25?
Can I take soya proteins?
What is the best food to eat before and after going to the gym?
If I want to lose a bit of stomach fat and add a bit of muscle, which should I focus on first?
How does eating during exercise affect a workout?
How do I lose 70 pounds in three weeks?
On my cardio day, what should I eat a 1/2 hour before?
What are some food recommendations for a strict diet?
I have been working out rigorously in the gym for 3 months. I have reduced the diet about a half and include cardio daily, but still not much effect can be seen on my fat belly or on my muscles. My weight loss is only approximately 3 kgs. Are there some better exercises or diet control plans for me to follow?
What's the best way to bulk up on a paleo diet?
I'm 13 years old, 5'1 and currently weigh 83 pounds. I'm recovering from anorexia and I want to gain muscle, so I started lifting 10-pound dumbbells 5 times a week. Is this safe?
How can controlling calories intake help to lose weight?
Are there negative effects from consuming too much protein?
What are the best ingredients to put in a post workout smoothie?
If I eat McDonalds about 4 times a week, but am not overweight, hit the gym and lead a pretty active lifestyle, is it still very unhealthy for me and hurting me?
Does eating dinner earlier in the evening help with weight loss?
Where can I find a perfect diet chart with scheduled exercises to gain weight?
Is it alright to drink honey water in the morning (on an empty stomach) before a workout session?
What are some good studies on what food you should consume before and after a workout for optimum results?
What if you kept eating small teaspoons of sugar, just enough to raise your blood sugar levels but not so much as to spike a large insulin responses. Would this aid you to run indefinitely?
Is it better to eat fruit immediately before or after exercise or neither?
How can a lazy food-holic keep himself motivated to work out and eat healthy?
Are nutritional supplements and powders generally bad for one's long-term health, and are they even worse if one takes them on days where they do not exercise?
Do some people need more than the usual 2,000 or 2,300 calories a day?
When attempting to shed weight, would one focus on total or net calories?
If I continue with 30 minutes of biking everyday and only eat a moderate amount of food and lots of water, how much time will it take to burn 20lbs fat?
What should I take for energy between workouts?
Is it advisable to eat something before a workout?
How can I get into the best shape of my life without without the proper diet?
What food should an Indian boy eat to get 1200 calories per day?
How can a 18 year old lean guy gain muscle mass on a non-vegetarian diet, without supplements, over 4 weeks?
How should I eat when pausing workout?
Diabetes: What are the best ways to control blood sugar via lifestyle/daily living (diet, exercise, etc.)?
What can I suggest to my best friend to help her lose weight?
What is the most stripped down version of a "lose fat, gain muscle" workout routine and diet?
I am a 23 year old skinny guy. Some of my friends told me to eat well and don't do exercise because after exercising they became fat. Some of my friends told me to eat well as well as do exercise. Which one is the correct choice?
Will I be able to lose 10kg with just 10 minutes of jumprope for at least 5 times per week?
Is drinking milk good if I am aiming for fat loss by maintaining a low calorie diet? Also is it advisable to drink milk before a workout?
What are the best training methodologies?
How do you find the sweet spot between eating healthily and exercise?
What is the best way to lose 17 kgs in 4 months with 2 cheat meals and no major dieting?
Is it possible to lose weight in two weeks? If yes, how much can a 21 year old woman lose?
If I eat 10 grams of fat, my weight should at max gain be 10 grams. Then, why do people refrain from fats?
What is the best vegetarian diet for people going to the gym with weak digestion?
Do I have to stop eating junk food if I want to build up my muscles?
What's the best way in terms of food to gain muscle before and after working out?
When I gain weight it goes straight to my butt and thighs. What would be a good exercise and eating?
Is it true that exercising and eating regularly (not healthy diet) will increase your weight more than if you didn't exercise?
What is the best diet to develop abs?
I really want to lose some weight and be slimmer but I just can't keep consistently exercising and sometimes can't help eating a lot. What can I do about it?
What are the good diets for weight loss?
How can I convince my girlfriend to exercise?
1234
What should be the proper diet and exercise plan to gain weight and develop four pack abs?
What are some great high-protein snack?
How do I stay motivated to exercise and eat right when I am busy?
My weight is increasing slowly but only my belly is increasing, and no increase in biceps' thickness. What should I do?
How do I keep in shape? Am I eating right?
How can one get rid of a pear shaped body?
What is the best way for a hypothyroidism patient to lose weight?
Why do women need folic acid before they become pregnant?
Why is it so hard to start a diet/exercise plan and stick with it?
What is the best carbs supplement to weight gain?
Health: I am 40 years old and I want to keep my body fit and firm to sustain it habituated to work at any condition. What kind of diet do I need to maintain starting from breakfast to dinner. What food habits and with what kind of exercise should I take care of my body?
How can I learn to take care of my body instead of overeating, consuming junk food, not exercising, etc.?
What can I do to prepare myself before hitting the gym (in terms of what kind of food to eat, cleansing diet, etc.)?
I want to lose about 17 kilo at least. What should I do?
Will exercise help prevent aging caused from eating too much sugar and carbs?
What sort of lifestyle should I have if I don't want to avoid carbs to maintain a fit BMI?
I'm a 5'4'' Asian girl (130 lb) trying to lose inches. I've embarked on several exercise/diet regimens in the last two years only to crash on processed foods every time, despite being well-read in nutrition/agriculture/exercise. How can I stick with a plan and not become obsessed?
How do I get back my focus for dieting?
What would someone have to eat and what kind of exercise would they have to do to lose fifteen lbs in a month?
How can you plan a diet and a exercise plan to lose 100 pounds in 6 months?
How soon should I eat after a workout?
I just had this much food for breakfast. I have been eating well. How can I be this hungry?
Are Honey Stinger Waffles healthy?
Is 30 minutes on the elliptical (internal mode) 3 times a week with a 1800 calories per day diet enough to lose weight?
How do I control obesity?
Can breast fat be reduced by exercising and/or having balanced diet?
Does eating a heavy meal after working out give you the best results?
I am a 19 year old skinny guy. How can I get a lean muscular athlete's body? Please look at the details below and answer accordingly.
Would my metabolism slow down if I stop eating but still exercise?
How could ones be achieved targeted body composition by not limiting their diet without losing muscle mass?
Is it better to go for a walk after a meal or before a meal?
What should be the diet for a skinny guy who started body building a week ago?
Can type II diabetics exercise?
Is bodybuilding healthier than purely doing cardio or crossfit?
I'm over 60 and slowly losing weight by eating healthier. I'm noticing looser skin almost everywhere. What kind of exercises or activities would help firm things up? It's not coming back into place like it used to.
What should I eat before and after CrossFit? Is avoiding bread a good idea?
What should be my diet routine to improve my health?
Is drinking Coke Zero bad for your health, particularly with regards to weight gain?
Should I focus more on strength training or cardio if I want to lose over 300 pounds of fat?
What are some methods for females to lose weight, except by physiological, surgical or mechanical ways?
What should I eat before a workout?
What was the final straw for you and your SO that finally made you commit to a diet or routine that led you to actually lose weight/get healthy?
What is the best way to get healthier in a month between jobs?
Is it possible to lose weight if I'm only running and following a diet?
Without food, who survives longer: a lean person or a fat person?
How can you create an adequate mobile exercise diet (preferably protein, non-meat) if you are a extreme fitness enthusiast ie. getting tired at the beginning of a morning workout?
After workout, I feel drained. What are the basic nutrients that I should consume after exercising?
What are the proven benefits of consuming caffeine for running and working out? Any downfalls?
I have a belly fat even though I am going to gym from last 2 months but yet it has not reduced now I am thinking of taking diet foods how do I get rid of it?
What is the best way concerning diet and workout that doesn't affect lactation?
Should I prepare healthy food daily or exercise daily?
Has anyone had great success with the Fit Girl's Guide eBook from the Fit Girl's worldwide site?
Why can I run 7 miles and improve my time, go to the gym and workout vigorously and improve there, but feel very fatigued during the day?
Besides sleeping and eating well, what can I do to maximize my results from lifting weights?
How much fish oil should one take per day in combination with exercise if looking to use it to help drop body fat percentage?
I have 5 weeks until I go to the beach and want to be as fit/ripped as humanly possible. If I had to stick to the strictest diet and workout, what would they be?
Is there a book about managing adult ADHD, which has valid and proven research about methods such as diets, exercise routines and mindfulness practices for dealing with it?
I am a hosteler & am chubby. I don't find healthy foods at hostel and my college. I get only fast food items and meals at college & at hostel its meals but I don't like the curry so I started eating only curd rice. Suggest a possible food diet so that I don't become over fat and look good and fit?
Is it necessary to cleanse the body before starting any diet regimen? Why and how?
Some people will never lose weight trying to eat healthy. True or false?
I am trying to lose weight. Should I eat dinner before my workout? What should I eat?
What major can I study to learn about the influence from exercises and nutrients to the healthy growth of people (aged from a newly born baby to a fully grown adult)?
How do I lose weight by going on an effective diet, one that I can stick to?
How many cups of cooked whole grains should be consumed per day to lose weight?
I'm watching my diet and exercising, but not losing fat. Why not?
Is there any diet plan to lose love handles?
I have body aches despite regular exercising and a good diet. How can I avoid the pain?
Is it true that maintaining a flat tummy depends on eating habits (95%) as compared to exercising (only 5%)?
Is it possible that you need to eat more in order to get your 6-pack abs?
Is it possible to be heavy but not fat?
Should I starve to get a flat stomach?
How can I have a more fit body?
How much weight will I lose if all I drink is water for a week and/or a month?
What can we learn about our health through our urine?
How are some people seemingly able to eat unhealthy foods or large portions of healthy food without putting on weight or exercising?
I work out few times a week and I'm quite muscular. How can I lower my body fat percentage quickly whilst minimizing muscle loss?
Is it bad to go to the gym 5 days a week straight as long as you switch up the exercises?
What are the most essential nutrients, which foods do you find them in, and what are some tips and tricks(about nutrition) to bear in mind while consuming food everyday?
What's the difference between making fat cells empty so they are invisible but they are still there and not having fat cells at all?
Is eating 500 calorie less than your recommended daily calorie intake same as losing 500 calories through aerobic excercise if I take the recommended daily calorie intake?
I'm a lean veggie guy. I want to improve my physique and increase my weight. How can I do that?
Can I grow old healthily if I stop going to the gym and only dance instead?
Is it okay to not to have my exercise when on a food diet?
If a woman is trying to get strong and muscular, but doesn't want to become "bulky", should she eat more or not?
I have been exercising from the last 45 days. What are some suggestions for a vegan diet plan to get flat abs?
For 40- to 50-year-old males who exercise daily, what is your LDL level?
Is there really such thing as brain food and what does it do to our brain? Isn't mental stimulation and exercise enough?
If I eat 900 calories between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. and go back to bed, but then factor those calories into my calories for that day, is that bad?
How much weight can an ectomorph guy gain?
What fruit other than bananas gives instant energy?
What is a good food to consume after a workout?
How can I lose 5 kgs per month?
Besides dwelling on the negative consequences to my physical and mental health, how can I motivate myself each day to eat right and exercise?
I am 21 and I am diabetic. If I manage to balance the calories in and calories out through intense workout, then can I eat like a normal person?
Is it possible to gain muscle mass by simply exercising & eating accordingly without taking any protein supplements?
What is the best way to burn fat once you are under 18% body fat? Supplements? Foods? Workout programs?
What does it feel like to have low body fat?
Does exercising make food digest?
Does working out "compound" or "multiply" weight loss caused by a good diet? Or does it merely provide additive or supplementary improvements?
I'm 16 and I work out and I have a huge appetite, I bring 4 sandwiches and 2 fruits to school every day. I was thinking of eating an extra sandwich on days that I work out, is 5 too many? Should I eat something else?
Why might a good diet and regular exercise not lead to desired physiological results at a desired speed?
I am a 22-year-old guy who is 100 kg and 6.1 ft tall. I follow a strict diet (no junk food, visit hotels very rarely) of only 2 meals a day. I go to the gym regularly. Why am I not able to lose weight?
What do you eat before and after a workout? Is it better to eat before or after only?
How can a skinny boy regenerate his muscle?
How much time will it take to get from 11% to 6-8% body fat?
What should be the perfect diet for a gym going person?
What time gap should I maintain between yoga and having food?
What should be my diet if I want to begin with gym for the first time in life?
I aim to gain a pound per week during my muscle training time, with a suggested daily 3000 calories intake. Can I gain a pound per week by eating normally?
How can anyone reduce the problem of belly fat and maintain a good physique?
Will this diet help me gain weight and go healthy?
Will weight loss result in a reduction of insulin needed for type 2 diabetes?
Does drinking milk cause lactic acid buildup in muscles?
How can I lose weight with a vegetarian protein diet and the gym?
How do I boost my good cholesterol? What kind of exercises and foods will help?
Where can I get a vegetarian diet chart for a week?
Is strength training with a minor diet enough for weight loss?
What diet can I go on to reduce belly fat, being a vegetarian?
Is it possible to lose weight and decrease BMI, without much change in body fat percentage?
If I'm trying to lose weight and consume a shake with 2 scoops of whey protein, how much exercise must I get to not gain weight instead?
I always make plans to become fit but never succeed. What can I do?
What are some good foods and exercises which will be beneficial to enhance a girl's figure who has just completed her teens?
I am way too skinny, wrists like sticks, face shrunk in, etc. How do I become normal looking in a span of 4-6 months?
Is it possible for a lean guy to build a good physique in a short period of 2 months?
How is it possible to have a heart attack if you eat healthy, exercise daily, and are not overly stressed?
Why is belly fat the most difficult, and last, fat to go?
Do weight loss supplements help you lose weight?
If you've tried to lose weight using almost every diet and exercise plan imaginable, and kept getting zero results or winding back at square one, what do you think were the top 3 factors that contributed to the failure of the plan(s), and why?
How do I prevent myself from eating a lot of food after intense strength training?
I have skinny arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured. Which diet and exercise should I follow to have a healthy body?
I am an Indian male (my eating habits are based on Indian cuisine) weighing 90+ kgs. I hate going to gym, but I enjoy jogging/walking/playing outside. What kind of exercises can I undertake to primarily lose weight? Should I follow any special diet?
What are some of the best exercises and diet that can transform your flabby stomach?
What diet one should be on if they are exercising their abs?
What is a healthier way of living for looking fit, young and beautiful while maintaining the same calorie deficit: eat less, exercise less or eat more and exercise more?
What type of diet, sleep and exercises height growth hormones in a 19-year-old male?
How do I stop eating and start working and exercising?
Weightlifting: How much rice can I eat every day?
I am a 24-year-old girl. I am getting engaged. I am thin and I want to gain weight within 30 days just to look the best on my day. How do I gain at least 10 kgs in 1month?
What are some good diets and exercise ideas for a 14-year-old who is about or close to 4 foot 9?
How effective is L-arginine as a pre-workout supplement? When should it be consumed before a workout?
Is it possible to eat junk, do a lot of exercise and have a really good body?
What's the best calisthenic diet for a 17-year-old beginner who trains 4 days out of 7 ?
How can men and women develop a 6-pack abdomen through exercise and diet?
Does rebounding have legitimate health benefits and isn't really just the same bouncing one would do whilst jogging?
When working out in the morning, is it detrimental to not eat beforehand?
What should I eat if I go to the gym and what kind of protein?
What are some good, uncommon strength training, fitness, and health ideas put forth by Vince Gironda?
What is a good diet and exercise plan for an aspiring male fashion model?
Can a 25 year girl who ignored proper diet throughout her life look healthy if she begins eating properly now?
Which nutritional discovery has changed your workouts the most?
How can I best beat food cravings after a workout?
Can eating junky foods, on top of adequate healthy food, hurt your bodybuilding efforts, or will the extra junky food simply add some fat?
What would be the best diet plan?
I'm 15, 5'8" and 136 pounds. I do not have abdominals that can be seen but my arms are quite toned. What are some pointers on workouts?
What exercise is best to trim hips and what exercise should we do for abs? (Woman here)
What is a good daily diet to follow when working out to lose fat?
This summer I want to get in shape. I'm a little bit overweight, and before I start exercising I need to lose some weight. I already started my own diet where I drink a lot of liquids and eat three times less food. What is important to know while doing this?
How do I minimise fat gain during bulking?
What is the perfect diet chart for an abs workout?
I am fasting Ramadan and I am training for a 4 mile race. What should I do to fast, train, and eat in the most efficient way?
I'm 14, 6'1, 150lbs going to the gym everyday. What should I eat?
What is a healthy diet to lose weight in 2 weeks?
I'm a 28-year old male, 5'10" height and 68kg weight with a normal body. I am a vegetarian and do not eat eggs. I have low strength and low stamina. I have just started to workout at the gym. What is a workout plan week for starters? Also, a protein powder which is pure vegetarian?
How can I find reliable, scientific information about health and nutrition?
Foods that will help you build a better physique?
What has caused you to quit eating healthy and exercising? 
I want to go to the gym, but I'm eating less. Will eating less affect my body if I workout daily?
What shouldn't you do if you're practicing in the gym?
How much protein should be consumed after a workout?
Which fast food we should not eat if we are working out for abs?
How can a 17 year old female who is 4ft 3.25 inches lose 20 lbs of fat in 1–2 months?
How long should I wait before changing my diet/exercise?
Which is more effective for people who go to the gym: drinking milk and eating a boiled egg or mixing egg in milk and drinking it?
How can we have a good body?
Why is it so difficult to maintain regular exercise and healthy eating?
What are the tips/ways to increase weight without eating multiple times a day? I am a student who doesn't have the time to schedule 6 meals a day.
How do I lose 70 pounds in three weeks?
Is it good for one's health to drink tea after a workout, if it is not green tea?
I usually work out at 6 o'clock in the morning. What foods should I eat before a workout?
How can I never get sick at a residential school?
How can I stick to a diet and after losing the weight make a permanent lifestyle change?
How can I reset my metabolism to burn more fat?
Would I be able to lose weight by eating small meals frequently?
What’s your single biggest challenge getting the body you want right now?
What are the simple and easy diet tips and exercises?
Is running and dieting enough to get in shape?
Can a large expenditure of calories offset a high caloric diet consisting mainly of fatty foods?
What are some healthy food recipes after/before exercise?
What is a strict diet and exercise plan?
How do you determine how many calories you should consume every day?
What should you eat to optimize your CrossFit workout?
What is the best diet and exercise program for overweight men?
What if you kept eating small teaspoons of sugar, just enough to raise your blood sugar levels but not so much as to spike a large insulin responses. Would this aid you to run indefinitely?
What kinds of foods should I be eating and avoiding during a 15-week Freeletics (or any equivalent high intensity workout) program?
How does fat form in the lower belly? Is it due to any particular food items, or due to lack of exercise?
Does military diet make you lose weight?
Does eating boiled eggs post workout make a good protein diet?
What's the best way to get in shape when I can't do diets?
Is skipping rope bad for health?
What is the best eating strategy to provide energy for a morning workout?
What exercises is good for getting rid of moobs?
What can be done to curb weight cutting?
If I continue with 30 minutes of biking everyday and only eat a moderate amount of food and lots of water, how much time will it take to burn 20lbs fat?
What is the secret to nice tight abs?
How can I get into the best shape of my life without without the proper diet?
How can I be physically fit to donate a healthy liver?
How can I gain 10 kg weight in one month?
Is there anything unhealthy about exercise?
I've been going to the gym for the last 3 weeks, have been avoiding breakfast, and reducing my calorie intake, but my belly is still expanding. What could be the reason for this?
How long will I live if I never eat healtly and never exercise?
I am exersising daily at gym, what should I eat to increase my weight?
How can someone get fit on a vegan diet?
Why can't I lose weight? I eat organic, am within my macros, water only, complex carbs, lean meats, small portions. HIIT training, both my dietian and trainer can't come up with answers.
How do I get abs without working out?
What happens when you don't eat after exercising?
Healthy Eating: Should I eat breakfast before or after a workout?
Is it really possible to get a smaller waist with exercise?
Can I increase 3 inches of height if I have the correct posture, balanced diet and I exercise a lot?
Is it advisable to jog/exercise in the morning with an empty stomach?
Is there any food a person with kidney stone should eat or avoid? What are some useful tips to prevent having another kidney stone?
Is it okay to workout and eat healthy if you are underweight?
I want to gain some insight of women and weight loss (aside from what I know about myself). What is the hardest part about losing weight and why is it so difficult?
How can I have a flat belly? What do you have to eat and not to eat to lose belly fat?
What is the simple Indian-vegetarian diet plan for strength training and muscle building for 7 days a week?
Should I eat anything after cardio combining with strength workout?
How much time should it ideally take for a 26 yr old male to reduce from 18% body fat to 10% body fat while gaining muscle?
What should I eat before and after a workout?
Are there any books based on gym workout and the required diet plan?
How much time after my workout should I eat proteins to get better results?
These days, I do some exercise, so what can I do to reduce the pain it brings, or what fruit should I eat?
Can I eat every day the same thing for exercise?
Is doing IIFYM worth the time and effort?
Is it natural to compulsively eat fatty foods while exercising and dieting?
Is it possible to eat reasonably, work out and not lose weight?
How will I feel after eating only Olive Garden pasta for every meal for the next 7 weeks?
How should one eat to get ripped?
Is it okay to do facr accupressure every day?
What is the healthiest snack to have before running?
I can't seem to lose weight. Eating less and exercising more means I'm just emptying my bowel once every 3 days. What am I doing wrong?
Is it okay to go to the gym early in the morning without eating anything?
I want to lose about 17 kilo at least. What should I do?
I have just started doing yoga. Do I have to maintain a proper diet?
Will I lose weight if I start eating less than 50g of carbs a day?
I started going to the gym yesterday. What should my diet be like?
Is it bad to work out when you haven't eaten all day?
How do I get back my focus for dieting?
Is it okay to work out in the morning and skip breakfast then go to work?
What diet or exercise plan should I follow to lose 10kgs in 2.5 months? I am a 24-year-old female weighing 76kg. What are some effective tips?
What happens if I lift weights, do cardio, and stick with a diet of caloric maintenance?
What are the best foods to eat before swimming?
Does the meal timing matter much for health and fitness?
What are the diets and exercise for men at the age of 40 &+?
If I stop working out, but eat right and eat enough, will I keep my previous gains?
What are some simple, yet effective principles of eating for everyone who wants to be in shape to follow?
How much of your diet should be carbs?
Is there anything I can eat or drink before the workout that can keep me from being hungry?
How do I control obesity?
Do you suddenly feel guilty and want to do some exercise when you are about to have a meal?
What are the consequences of eating fast food every day if you exercise regularly?
Why should I exercise before eating?
Will quitting rice help in losing belly fat?
If you had to write fitness commandments, what would you write?
What exercises can I do to build muscle but not gain weight?
How do you keep yourself fit and healthy while busy at work?
Why am I not losing weight? (detailed diet and statistics included, this might be known as "cutting")
Why do people think working out is the best way to lose/maintain weight?
Is eating junk food occasionally okay while trying to build muscle?
Due to a major depression over the last 10 years I have gone from 160 to 310 lbs. The last 8 weeks I have completely changed my eating habits and I exercise like crazy. Why do I weigh more?
What are the health effects of exercising and not eating after?
How do I focus more on creating healthy habits instead of obtaining superficial results like instant weight loss?
Should I eat more than 1400 calories a day if I am speed skating for 7 miles AND weightlifting for an hour and a half?
Why do I binge few hours after a run?
What will happen if I do heavy workout while on a fat-rich diet?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day for 30-60 days with a lot of exercise and a healthy diet including protein health shakes without doing damage to your body?
What are the first steps to take to start losing weight?
What diet is recommended when on Jillian Micheals 30 Day Shred workout?
Is a 1200 calorie diet and exercise plan healthy?
How do I lose weight as a teen in a healthy way?
Can a pre-diabetic condition be reversed with exercise and diet control?
What are some good home workouts and diets to help me get lean and cut?
How can I form the habit of eating healthy and exercising?
How can one lose belly fat without exercise?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day healthily?
What are some good excercise plans and healthy diets that are affordable?
Besides sleeping and eating well, what can I do to maximize my results from lifting weights?
How can I reduce post-pregnancy belly fat?
Can a 305 pound 46 year old man using the Atkins diet lose 100 pounds by eating anything he wants (within the Atkins diet), eating as much of it as he wants (unlimited calories) and not exercising at all?
I go to the gym for 45 mins to 1 hour and drink 1 to 2 SoFits per day. Is it healthy for me?
Does eating immediately after exercise affect a person any differently than it would to prolong eating after exercise?
 What is the quickest way to getting out of bad funk?
Can one blame being fat on being poor?
Is my diet badly organized for working out?
What can I do in 5 minutes a day to get healthier?
I have been looking for a protein bar (post-strenuous workout) with 25+ grams of protein. However, with my tree nut allergies it is almost impossible to find something without almond flour or other tree nuts in it. Any suggestions?
Is bread butter healthy for exercise?
When weightlifting to bulk up is it wise to consume as much protein as possible?
I'm 21, 66 kg, 5'11'' and skinny. What are a suitable diet chart and workout scheme for me?
Would drinking tea (non-caffeinated) be beneficial after a bodybuilding workout?
I am a 22-year-old male. I have been suffering from incomplete bowel evacuation for the last 5 years. I do a lot of exercises and eat healthy. How can I get rid of this problem?
Is there a physiologic mechanism explaining why I feel hungrier on the following day after strenuous exercise/weight training?
How do I tone my body with diet and mild exercise?
What is the best diet/exercise to help me lose as much fat as I can in two weeks?
How can I lose 20 kg in 6 month?
Does eating fast lead to any malfunctions?
Is it bad to eat an hour after a workout?
Why do I still suffer from acne when I have a perfectly balanced diet and exercise?
How can I successfully cut body fat percentage?
What healthy options should I eat to put on weight?
What food should I eat before going gym in the morning?
Can you lose fat without exercising?
Why is exercise bad for Diabetics?
Is it healthy to have a bad diet but to exercise regularly (4–5 times a week about 1hour for each session)?
How often should I eat and when should I workout if I'm a skinny guy with a high metabolism? Should I be eating something every two hours in a day? Should my workouts be directly after I eat? An hour after? Please help
What should I eat before my 8pm workout when I get off work at 6pm with a 1.5 hour commute?
I'm a lean veggie guy. I want to improve my physique and increase my weight. How can I do that?
Is there such a thing as a trans-friendly weightloss group/exercise + diet regime?
Can someone make or show for me diet and exercise plan?
How do I increase my energy and joie de vivre?
Are there any nutritionists on Quora who can suggest proper diet plan including timings of food and exercise for the acidity patient?
How can I lose 5 kgs per month?
How do I increase my body mass?
Is it healthy to walk right after eating food?
How do I get a flat stomach without having abs?
Is it true that people who are genetically fat should be more strict in their diet and exercise to be lean and healthy?
Besides dwelling on the negative consequences to my physical and mental health, how can I motivate myself each day to eat right and exercise?
I am taking the same minimal diet which I used to take before hitting the gym. How does it affect me?
My wife has been wanting to take a weight loss product called "Plexus Slim"? Is this safe?
I'm trying to get fit, what should I not eat?
Why and how did I inherit my parents' diabetes even though I vigorously exercise daily and eat healthy?
What kind of eating and exercise regimen does the Dolce Diet promote?
With a military diet, if you want to workout, can you eat after the workout? Will it damage the diet's result?
Once I have my desired physique, how do I maintain it? Specially the diet. Basically what I'm asking is do I need to have the same diet afterwards?
How does the intake of fatty foods impact one's body as a function of physical fitness?
How did you learn what to eat when you started a gym routine?
For the last 6 months I have been telling myself to start the diet, start the exercising. But every day I don't. Why can't I just do it?
How can I get in shape if I don't want to go on a diet?
Were should I begin with exercising and getting healthier?
If you have a sluggish colon, what exercises can get it moving and what's a good diet for slow motility?
What makes eating more so difficult? What can help?
How can I lose weight with an apple shaped body?
What time gap should I maintain between yoga and having food?
What does Batman eat to stay fit?
When is the best time to have a calorie/protein dense meal around a weekly workout day to make the most out of the meal?
Is eating coconuts when trying to lose weight bad?
Fitness: What diet should I follow after gym to stay lean and muscular?
How do I boost my good cholesterol? What kind of exercises and foods will help?
What is the best exercises, diet and drugs for the hypoglycemic?
What is the best way to lose 20% of your body fat?
When you eat food and later exercise, do you burn the food you ate or stored fat?
What is the best diet to lose 5kg weight in 15 days max?
If I'm trying to lose weight and consume a shake with 2 scoops of whey protein, how much exercise must I get to not gain weight instead?
Which one comes first, going to the gym or healthy eating?
What would be the best way for me to maintain my body weight?
What should I eat or drink before running?
What's something quick to eat after a workout but not from a fast food restaurant?
How can I know if my exercise and diet plan is okay?
I am way too skinny, wrists like sticks, face shrunk in, etc. How do I become normal looking in a span of 4-6 months?
How do I become lean and strong? What would be the workout and diet?
Which are the best 7 best fitness foods?
Is my diet and exercise plan good (more in details)?
What diet coincides with me running 45 minutes a day?
Is it necessary to eat 6 times a day for people that work out?
If I am overweight, dieting, and dreaming about food, do I have an addiction?
I exercise three times a week, I try to eat healthy, I'm seeing results in my body but my weight is higher than when I started, am I having results?
What is the most efficient and correct way of exercising and keeping fit?
Is it possible to get a healthy, attractive body with only proper diet (and zero or near-zero exercise)?
If my goal is to be a decently sized lean guy, should I be on a calorie excess or a calorie deficit? Photo and details in the comment below.
What are the best food items/snacks to bulk up while I'm going to gym 6 times a day?
Why do some fitness "experts" or bodybuilders only eat the egg white and not the yolk?
Fitness: How should an 18 year old start working out, given that he's never been to a gymnasium before? Also, what diet should he follow to get rid of excess body fat?
How can I form healthful habits and stick to them?
What could be an ideal pre and post workout meal considering the fact that I have no time to prepare anything and I have a tight schedule to reach at the office?
I'm 13 years old, 5'1 and currently weigh 83 pounds. I'm recovering from anorexia and I want to gain muscle, so I started lifting 10-pound dumbbells 5 times a week. Is this safe?
What would be the best exercise routine for an ectomorph/hard-gainer?
If I reduce my portion size without changing what I eat and my level of exercise, is there still a chance of losing weight?
Why is it that I want to have a terminal disease and I always fake sickness to have attention on me?
When eating in a plate, do you usually eat first the least liked food first and leave the most liked food last? Why?
How can a person re-learn how to yawn?
I'm 13 years old, 5"1 and 124.8 pounds. My goal weight is 110. I am looking for a healthy diet and excersize plan. How can I do this safely?
Is there a way to lose fat without diet, by just being careful with what I eat and exercising?
What is difference when we breathe and chest swells and when stomach swells?
What are the most common regrets that people have once they grow old?
Why do I have a big belly with no fat and how to get more lean (my BMI=21.8)?
Weight Loss: How can I get my mom to eat less and exercise?
Human Behavior: What are the effective home methods of masturbation?
What should me my ideal diet so that I stay fit?
Bodybuilding: What are the best dressings to have on a salad?
What are some of the biggest challenges you have when finding an exercise/workout routine to do? Do you face obstacles finding out What you should and How you should do the routines? What do you dislike the most about trying to start a routine/healthier lifestyle?
Whenever we see someone drinking water,why do we feel the urge to do the same,even if we are not thirsty?
Is white bread good for fitness?
Out of the five or ten most likely ways I will die, which am I able to prevent?
What kind of diet should you eat when participating in the YRG Fitness program?
Because of my schedule, my exercise has to happen about 45 minutes after eating breakfast (granola or peanut butter or something). Is that fine?
If you were a hotdog would you eat yourself?
If I run 1k every day at the highest intensity I can manage, will there be any health benefits such as improved fitness or fat burning?
I'm a 22 year old guy with height 176 cms and weight 94 kgs. I know that I'm too obese. I want to become healthy and fit. How can I achieve that without going to gym and taking supplements?
What is the best diet and exercise routine for a crossed Staffy/Heeler?
Are we really living longer than our ancestors or is that just a common myth?
How does eating and exercise comparatively impact your health?
What is the best way to prepare oatmeal and the best time to eat it if I have a workout or a training?
How do I become healthier?
Is it unusual that I always want to be alone?
What should I eat post and pre workout?
How can one be someone whom everyone likes to talk to?
Does nail biting cause serious problems? What are they?
How many grams of fat do I have to eat to gain one pound?
I want to plan my diet to get lean body, how I should start?
What food philosophy/habits (type of foods, eating times, amounts, combining, etc.) do people practice?
At what age do people lose compassion for others?
What is the lifestyle required to get rid of belly fat?
Is my diet going to work?
How long should I wait before exercising after eating?
Can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day, eating less, and eating more fruits and vegetables?
How did you manage to give up on something you were addicted to?
Will my abs go away if I eat more carbs?
Does irregular eating habit affect the health of a person?
Why are people so sensitive and intolerant?
Sleep: Is too much sleep harmful for humans? And why?
Is intermittent fasting bad for stomach?
Is it ok to exercise in the late night and hence eat a healthy post workout diet?
Health: What is it best to eat at 10 PM after 2 hours of training?
Do people 'choose' to be evil? If the trait is in fact the result of environmental factors whilst growing up, is it appropriate to issue custodial sentences etc. for wrongdoing?
What is Catharsis?  What are its applications? What are its steps? What types of events, realizations, or experiences create moments of catharsis?
What is the fastest way to lose 8kg? I am 43 year old male and do go to cardio classes regularly.
What causes a complete change in attitudes towards injury, hygiene, etc as we grow up?
I would like to lead a healthier life, any advice? (Mostly eating/exercise but also general)
How do I start working out to get abs?
What is the most weight you've lost, gained or a combination of both?
Is it better to exercise before or after eating?
Why do people embrace danger as though they would be rewarded for it? (e.g. People still smoke, although it's written on the cigarette that "smoking is harmful to your health")
Is it healthy to eat high amount of junk foods and then excercise accordingly?
Why do teenagers think that smoking cigarettes makes them 'cool'?
Are there particular physical and psychological traits which distinguish vegetarians from the non vegetarians?
Do you think that lazy people are beneath you, inferior to you, less than you, and not worth your time?
What would a human who never groomed him- or herself look like?
Why is it sometimes hard for some people to both wake up and go to sleep?
Why do people stop exercising and eating healthy when working 50-55 hours a week?
Why does it matter whether you sleep before or after 11pm depending on when you wake up?
What is best diet for your knees strength?
What is it like to live without being able to feel physical pain from outside stimuli?
How often should one drink coffee to maximally reap its benefits?
Do you lose muscles along with fat in a calorie deficit?
What psychological effects are expected from long-term total Isolation?
Would a diet of eggs and cheese, fruit cups, and canned meat with exercise be a good idea?
How should I develop muscle strength through exercise and diet? Have tried varying my diet and exercise routine, but did not reap the benefits...
Why do we feel sleepy and exhausted while preparing for an exam ? But full of energy and no sleep at all right after we are done?
Why do people desire being wealthy so much?
Are hot drinks good for your health?
What did you do for others that is not good for your health?
What was the prevalence of self-harm and self-injurious behavior prior to 1990?
Do skinny people ever wish they were bigger?
When fat loss stops what to do?
Bodybuilding: Is it possible, for an average person, to gain 34lbs of muscle in 4 weeks like Tim Ferris claims in his book 4-hour body? Has anyone tried it?
I am working 11 hours a day as a software developer. I am 80kgs I have no time to exercise. What food will help me to reduce my weight for good shape?
How should one go for a morning walk, empty stomach or after eating something?
Why do we take pride in our achievements when they are merely luck and judge those with less luck?
What will happen if I don't eat post workout?
What do you think about my Calisthenics Diet Plan for muscle growth?
What should I eat before exercise if I want to lose fat?Should I avoid fruits?
How do I keep myself active after 8 hours of work?
It is said that people are basically self-interested, but actually people often harm themselves, like burning the midnight oil, wasting time, not caring about health, why?
Does a bad diet contribute to erratic behaviour in a person?
What kind of diet keeps us fit and fine?
If I did the Insanity workout, ran three times a week for 45 min, did strength training three times a week, did Zumba twice a week for an hour, and eat 1400 calories daily, is this safe? (I burn about 650-750 a day)?
Is entertainment necessary for human development?
How much weight can I lose in 3 months?
Can sleep be mimicked by something else?
Are there specific exercises to reduce belly fat?
How can someone get rid of mind fog, and mind fatigue?
Why do humans like to eat pizza, burgers?
How do I (teenage girl) gain muscle?
What are some examples of stress that everyone encounters on a daily basis?
How do I get a flat stomach as a girl, while not being too muscular?
What kind of energy bars do people who do yoga like?
What happens when you laugh?
How can I transform my body, given my personal quirks?
Can coffee ruin one's sleeping pattern?
What if I Eat more and workout more?
How can you reach a 50% protein, 15% fat, 35% carbs macro nutrient ratio without using supplements?
How do I improve my fitness and build a ripped physique?
How many health problems/diseases will decrease if everyone maintains a healthy lifestyle?
What benefits will I see if I eat and do this exercises everyday?
Some people spend more money on their image then their health, or other things that actually benefit themselves. Why do people want to look and feel wealthy?
Why do some people think eating gluten gives you 'the dumb'?
Are higher levels of anxiety positively correlated with a person's tendency to be more organized?
Why do certain people shout before sneezing?
How do I deal with a cold in the workplace?
I have been cycling for 15 days. I have cut down on carbs. What else shall I do to loose weight more effectively?
Why do we feel like puking if we see someone else puke?
What's the most efficient way to reduce body-fat percentage?
If you saw an anorexic woman in the gym every day doing cardio for an hour, would you say something to her if you a had a qualified opinon?
How does one convince a person with a mental illness to accept that they need professional help?
As someone who's beginning to work out, what should my diet look like?
From where I should start to loos weight and get fit in 2 months?
I'm going to be fasting this Ramadan, what tips can you give me so that I can continue running throughout the month?
Why we want to pack up our body with thin blanket during fever?
How can a person sleep even though he's under the effect of meth?
What is a low-cost healthy diet plan if one is to workout at a gym (Not for a heavy muscular body but just to remain fit and to burn some fat)?
Six Pack Abs: Does exercising after eating carbs reduce the risk of the carbs turning into fat?
Do people really eat human beings when they're very hungry?
How can I lose body fat especially on my abs? I'm a 20 year male with 30-35% body fat.
I want to put on lean mass, what should my meals look like?
What are some interesting stories about the effects of someone's bad memory?
Does low concentration means ADHD?
What's a diet that's good for building muscle, and cutting fat?
For doctors, what are the five physical traits you look at to judge a person's health?
Is the increasing medicalisation of things that were previously considered normal parts of human experience harmful or beneficial? Why?
How is it that people can eat low calories, exercise and still be fat, but vegans can eat what ever they want and lose weight?
What is the best effective way to order bath, exercise, morning walk, green tea, meditation and breakfast in a morning routine?
Is there an optimum amount of time to eat before exercise?
What are the benefits of eating berries before exercise?
How can I lose an inch of fat in one month?
Is losing weight just "calories in, calories out"?
What should be the gap between two masturbation sessions?
Should I eat before yoga?
I am doing gym regularly with diet plan but my weight isn't increasing what shall I do?
Should I sleep when I'm having a headache?
What is the appeal of chewing gum? Why do people chew it?
What first aid do I need to prepare before scaring people?
Is it possible to maintain a flat stomach all day, even after eating a lot?
How do I gain 5 kilograms in one month while having high metabolism?
What do I eat or do after a grueling workout (or (mental) work session) to replete willpower for another difficult task?
Can one be healthy just by eating healthy food and not getting any Physical exercise?
What do you think about making your kids suck it up when they're physically hurt?
What kind of diet I should have in my starting days of Gym?
Has anyone used You Are Your Own Gym: The Bible of Bodyweight Exercises? Did it work?
What should I eat before an early morning jogging?
What are four body weight exercises that will transform your body when combined with a healthy diet?
Can I eat a lot of good and real food and stay healthy with exercise?
How do I get rounder thighs and bigger buttocks? Also, I'm very thin so how many calories do I need to eat every day?
What exercises and food can I use to rebuild from an abdominal injury that has left me with a protruding gut?
What diet should I follow if I work out in early morning?
How long after eating can I do yoga? Got various answers but want to know perfect one.
Can someone give me a full weekly meal plan?
Why do I keep hearing that eating after you workout is bad?
Why do some people get sick even when they exercise and eat healthy and others eat junk and are perfectly fine?
Is it possible to lose 20kg in 5-6 months by eating healthy and less (little exercise)?
Is it a compliment to your therapist when you fall asleep during a massage?
How does a person try to get out of bed when depression is keeping them in?
Is it true that person who think less has less tension and less anger? How?
Do facial exercises really help in sculpting the face, provided you follow regular workouts and a healthy diet?
Is it bad to eat sweets and do cardio to cancel it out?
What will happen to me if I work out 2–3 times a week and barely eat?
What are some exercises for lower ab fat loss?
Are both things the same: sleeping at 12 and waking up at 6 (night-morning) and sleeping at 6 and waking up at 12 (morning-noon)?
Why do we only sneeze when we're awake?
How long after eating oats should I workout to use the carbs from the oats as fuel?
What is the safest method to lose 20 pounds in less than a week?
What are some examples of having shared goals with friends that made you both succeed in the goal?
Is it okay to drink 72gms of whey protien pre and post workouts?
How can I increase body weight?
Which is more important for energy, eating right or exercising?
What can I do to get a good physique if I don't wish to spend too much money on my meal?
Is comprising almond butter as my main source, perhaps only source, of fat, healthy for lean muscle building?
Complementary and Alternative Medicine: Do endomorphs retain the personality characteristics of their type if they follow a disciplined diet and exercise?
Thermodynamics: Why do we feel colder in the dark?
When I'm nervous, my stomach always makes strange sounds, even if I've eaten a full meal. How can I stop this? It's embarrassing and puts me off doing a lot of things.
What is it about getting older that scares people, especially those transitioning into their 50s and 60s?
Do more people have a hard time falling asleep at night or is it considered more normal to fall asleep quickly?
Why do people abuse paracetamol?
Why would a person exhibit a behavioral pattern where ailments are adapted?
Is it physically and/or emotionally unhealthy to lie?
Why do people faint because of the heat?
Do doctors of all ages masturbate? Can it happen in between long hours at work?
Why do people tend to gain more weight in winter time?
How can a physically weak person survive among strong people?
Is it a psychological condition?
If humans could live forever, would people take less physical risks and would death be more tragic?
Which vein do people squeeze to make other people faint, or is it a muscle?
Why do most smokers think they can quit smoking?
How common is it for someone who has survived cancer to become more reckless with their health afterwards?
Why do intelligent people smoke?
Why do we get an urge to crack knuckles?
Is being around negative people bad for you?
Why do people that only talk about weight loss and food drive me nuts?
Does psychology affect how we quantify and/or perceive physical pain?
What are the main reasons for eating when under stress? How do you overcome this habit?
Why do people tell fat people that they are beautiful?
If we give up our dreams will something bad happen?
In what ways do medical professionals follow up with patients suffering from lifestyle disorders who stubbornly neglect any lifestyle-modifications or health-related advice and yet demand medical help?
Has any Facebook app, group, or page improved the health behavior of lots of people?
Zombies: Name of the virus that makes germs of disease?
How can I combat negative thoughts that attack me when I'm alone?
Why do we get congested when we cry?
What is the moment when you feel happy?
What are some measurable medical metrics that can evaluate if someone is in good mental and physical shape?
Is use of protein powders & drinks good for normal person?
Can always being serious cause health problems?
What can be a weird tingly feeling in my head?
Why do we feel thirsty after a bath?
Why do people love?
Why should you not get addicted to alcohol after love failure?
Whenever you yawn deeply does your ear become muted during the duration of the yawn?
Does it really feel good to smoke?
Is it common to get one's pinkie toe hurt on the house furniture?
If early to bed and early to rise is a good idea, why is it so hard to do it?
What are healthy ways of having conflicts/confrontations?
What is the neurophysiological difference between when you laugh at others and when you laugh with others?
Why do people feel so tired in summer?
What is the optimal amount of exercise that one needs to complete to see the maximum health benefits before they experience diminishing returns?
Sometimes when I'm angry, I hit myself. Other times I've physically hurt the people I love. How can I deal with this anger?
Do more interesting people sleep less?
Do people sneeze in their sleep?
Why do we find taking bath in hot water soothing?
What makes us want to pick our scabs?
Why do people get knocked out after getting hit on their head?
What can I do to make myself exercise every morning?
Would you stand up for someone if you know you're going to get physically hurt? Why?
Why do we feel weak after donating blood?
Why does my mouth open while I sleep and how can I prevent it?
What things do people do hoping to attain good health but end up harming themselves?
What's the effects of talking straight?
Why do people of the age 14-17 and older smoke? Isn't it obvious that it kills you?
What are the implications when smoking in public?
How can I become a self-challenged person?
Do elevated testosterone levels make men more likely to cheat?
Does sliding mode control have a promising future?
What is it like to have lived under a medical quarantine due to a pandemic, illness in the family/self, or disease outbreak?
Are the bad effects of marijuana underrated?
What is the longest time a person can lie immobile on their back without developing back damage or bedsores?
What does it feel like to be overweight and then losing the excess? How do people treat you differently?
When we yawn, others follow suit and yawn also. Do deaf people become affected in the same way?
What triggers do you use for your meditation habits?
What are some of the side effects (negative or positive) of regularly watching porn?
Are people suffering from Hashimoto's thyroiditis always tired and sluggish?
What do you call the condition where you never experience menstruation?
Are obese people uncomfortable all the time?
Urine is a very good fertilizer. Shouldn't peeing on a tree be encouraged over peeing in a urinal and wasting it?
Are there any real effects of television watching on the development of a baby?
Prior to defecation, is there more pressure exerted on the prostate, and could this affect arousal potential or other personality factors?
Is there is a similar book to "The easy way to stop smoking" that can help wean people off pornography?
What is that one thought in your mind that nobody knows and yet you fight to live with it?
Apart from it being impolite, why shouldn't you point your index finger in someone's direction?
Why don't we drink enough water?
Is it healthier to express annoyance regularly than it is to consistently be calm, but on occasion have a massive tantrum?
Why do people misjudge those who smoke marijuana, while cigarettes and alcohol both destroy their health and life but are idolized by the media?
How do I deal with a negative person who bitches about everyone else, always sees the glass half empty, is not ready to understand when I try to point out his/her negative nature, and happens to be my friend and roommate whose negativity affects my life?
Is it possible for diversity and/or tolerance to be harmful? Under what circumstances?
To what degree is high oxalate consumption an unrecognized health problem for many people who consume either the typical Western diet or even a healthier diet?
What is the best way to answer your manager who asks you to come to the office when you are sick?
Why do most white people go on jogs/runs?
What are some characteristics of a healthy family?
Can open mindedness ever be a bad thing?
Why does one feel guilty the morning after heavy drinking?
Why are people turning to holistic health more these days?
How should a Highly Sensitive Person cope with the condition?
What does it mean for someone to be a "shut-in"?
Why do some people have hyperactivity after not having enough sleep?
Has there ever been a case when a patient had a DNR, but the doctor still resuscitated? And what would be the consequences of violating the DNR?
Does drinking alcohol help in improving human behavior? If yes, how?
Why is there a stigma against protecting your hearing from loud sounds (e.g., music) by covering/plugging your ears?
What part of my brain lights up when I laugh with someone as opposed to laughing at them?
Why do people avoid coming to counseling?
Why do we kill the mentally sick but quarantine the physically sick?
Will someone stop perceiving depth information if one has only one eye?
Why wasn't masturbation called selfy?
How do you distinguish between an actual need for rest and laziness?
Why does your head hurt when you are thinking?
How does water deficiency affect human behaviour?
Does the body benefit when we scratch it?
Why do some people sneeze quietly?
Does blowing over a birthday cake to blow out its candles contaminate it by spreading germs over it?
Do you clench your teeth in your sleep?
Why is slouching more comfortable than standing/sitting up straight?
For some reason, I feel ultra-motivated only at night, but because of day time, I also start to feel sleepy. What is up with this, and does anyone have any suggestions/comments/personal experiences regarding this?
How do I stop the urge to shave my facial hair?
Why do we prefer warm water to bath whereas cool air for surroundings?
How do I break the vicious cycle of sleeping late and waking up late?
How do I check which element out of 5 elements is dominating so that I can avoid food to prevent stomach related problems?
Why do leg muscles tighten when one takes a bite of something very delicious?
Why do old people in villages wash their hands and their utensils only where they had food?
Does one's genetics have an effect on one's happiness?
Can suicide be cosiderated a psychological autoimmune disease/disorder?
What does it mean to forget logic to stop procastination?
Why would a person start crying and shivering? What could be the underlying cause, and what could be the solution?
It seems like a ghost enters my body every time I consume alcohol--I do all sorts of weird things like calling people late at night and messaging random numbers. Why does this happen?
What are some interesting morning habits of well-balanced people?
What is the name of the effect caused by alcohol the makes me do things which I normally wouldn't do or regret later?
Who has the greatest power to heal your wounds?
Sometimes I have a hard time connecting with other guys, what can I do to fix this?
Why do some people faint?
Why do human beings feel sleepy?
Is the apparent correlation betwen menstruation and the Gregorian calendar pure coincidence?
Can starving yourself make you cranky?
Why is my body still not used to my sleeping schedule?
Why are human eyes so good at detecting motion?
Why do some people decide to bodybuild and become massive?
Despite health warnings, a large number of people continue to smoke all over the world. Should we be concerned, and are there any solutions?
Why do humans beat, massage or otherwise physically stimulate their forehead when thinking intensively?
Why do people drink cola even they know cola is bad for their health?
Do any of the advertisements about the harm that nicotine causes have any impact on the smokers?
Why do we smoke?
How do you feel about healthy rich people who complain a lot?
According to the present research and data, how often did the early man fall sick and how did he figure out the treatment for various diseases?
How long will I live if I eat right and exercise?
How do we become deeply happy, very healthy and live long?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
How do healthy habits help people live longer lives?
What frequency of nightfall is not good for one’s health?
What is the best way to stay healthy exercising while on a diet?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
Can you get TSS from using a pad/sanitary towel?
What habits should be followed for keeping your gums healthy?
How much heterozygosity would be needed in a person's genes to be genetically healthy?
Is sweating good for health?
Why does John McDougall look unhealthy?
What is the limit on masturbation for a male? Is it good for health?
How do I keep myself healthy while on the night shift? And how do I sleep in the morning?
Mr. Anurag, how do you keep healthy?
Have you heard about transdermal medical CO2 therapy that significantly improves microcirculation?
Which is the best Nutraceutical diet to follow in order to maintain a healthy life?
What is the best thing to do after overeating?
What should one do to remain younger and healthy always?
How one can lead a successful, happy and healthy life?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
Is the consumption of Revital H good for one’s health?
Why are ramen and instant noodle very unhealthy for people to eat?
Does pepper make one live longer?
How can I live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager girl?
How do ambers help improve one’s health?
Why is excess of coffee bad for health?
Are water stains on sleeping surfaces bad for health?
What is life? Why do we meet people?
How do I modify workout in summer to stay fit and healthy?
How do I maintain my health through a particular diet?
Are whole lentils more nutritious than whole wheat bread?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
Why do we die from not eating?
Is female sterilization bad for your health in the long run, since the natural cycle is being halted?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
How can I get into a healthy sleeping and eating routine?
How can I quit my TV and phone addictions?
How do I heal my damaged vocal cords naturally?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
What is ceragem treatment?
Water softener, is it healthier?
As an unemployed executive, how do I stay sane & healthy? I have been out of a job for a month now. What good things can I do until I get a job?
Is RedBull really that bad for your health?
What is the best spa franchise in India?
What should be my routine in Kota to stay healthy?
Is rowing on the Thames around Putney bad for your health?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
Is it possible that stressing over what you eat adds more weight (or makes it harder to lose weight) than just eating and moving on?
What are some signs that you should bring your parent to the doctor?
How do you stay healthy in summer?
How can I relax my forehead and develop a healthy brow?
How do I maintain healthy friendships?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
How do I know if I am healthy?
Is red chili powder bad for the health?
What's the reasoning behind vegetarians not going entirely vegan? Also, do they wear clothes & buy products made of animal skin/fur?
Is it healthy to eat the Lipton chicken noodle soup?
What does the wellness triangle indicate?
I've read that "God should come even before a healthy body", now I don't want to be healthy. How do I get over this?
Is sitting on a stool that causes no blood circulation in my legs bad for me?
What happens to our bodies when we don't exercise for a long time? How can we overcome that?
How do I get a good lifestyle?
How do you change a stubborn, harmful habit that you've failed to change over the years?
Should I eat avocado seeds? Are they poisonous?
Which cigarette is good for health, among all?
I've been physically inactive since I was 12. I'm 19. How much harm did I do to my health in the long term?
Is using ashwagandha or shatavari good for health?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
Is exercise bad for you?
How can I stop making excuses and actually start to exercise and eat healthy?
Which is the best fitness app for a healthy life style?
How can I have sex daily and still have a healthy life?
What is the healthy range for A1C?
Is too much sleep good for the health?
Is wearing Rudraksha good for your health?
Haw can I increase my personal energy?
Is it possible to live past 110 and still be healthy?
Could I sleep less and remain healthy?
Are there any circumstances that would justify regulating profits from pharmaceutical products?
Is BMI a good indication of health?
How much should I weigh with a healthy body fat percentage?
What are the best arguments I can give my parents to live a healthy life and continue learning?
How do I reduce my sleep hours to nearly 3 to 4 hours?
What climate is most conducive to a healthy human life?
Can someone following a healthy lifestyle and healthy food habits live 100+ years, or is this just a myth now?
Does the total amount of calories decrease when baking foods—especially meats—or does only the total fat reduce?
Are bananas, oranges, bread and water the minimum different foods you need to live a healthy life?
Can a dialysis patient eat fish soup or not?
How much do you walk on average every day?
Are beeswax candles good for health?
What are some tips for working long days in a healthy way?
What's the best gel insole for a 56-year-old man (Size 7 shoe) who works as a cook and standing all day in a restaurant?
How do you motivate someone else to practice a healthier lifestyle?
I do not know how to sit elegantly on a bean bag & I feel like a vernacular ungrommed loser. What should I do?
Is it healthy to drink wife's urine if both are keeping good health?
If I swim 36 laps instead of 24 laps, 3 times / week, will my metabolism be faster on the days following these workouts?
Are late night suppers bad for health?
Is sleeping on the balcony healthier because of the fresh air?
Why is travel healthy for you?
Which kind of stretching exercise should I avoid if I have lower back pain?
Can I just eat junk, stay full, and take vitamins to stay healthy?
My girlfriend is 19, 5 foot 9, and 95kg, and she refuses to take advice from me about exercise. How do I explain it to her? I'm worried.
What is your concept of healthy ageing?
Why are men less concerned about their health?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
What do you do when you know your relationship isn’t healthy?
What should be one's diet if he/she wants to be healthy and fit?
Is there an increased risk to get stomach diseases by drinking soda or energy drinks?
Should we accept obesity or help people get thinner?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
What everyday habits do you practice to maintain a healthy physical & mental lifestyle? How do you balance it with your family and leadership duties?
What are the simplest things you can do everyday to improve your health?
If you could live for a thousand years while being healthy and active, what would you do?
What is needed for healthy fertilization?
Where does the food go that doesn’t come out as poop?
Does canned food always have preservatives, even if it's not listed?
What are some key things you perform daily for optimal health?
Is spending a lot of money on food really worth it?
Is it healthy for someone to wrestle with their partner?
How do we enjoy teen life in a healthy way?
I'm in the process of starting a Superfood supplements business. To what extent can I offer nutritional advice?
Is running every day good or bad for health?
Why do successful people brag about how little they sleep, is sleep not important for health?
Drinking coffee in the morning, which I need to function, causes overactivity in my gastrointestinal track. What can I do to counteract this?
Is Teem healthy for us?
What should I eat on a regular basis that's healthy? I'm working on my building my abs.
Who told the American public that GMOs are bad for health?
If a man never works out, what will happen to him? Will he live a shorter life than the men who work out regularly?
Is mixing ORS and glucose for daily consumption bad for health?
What are the best foods to have on a regular basis?
How much, in matters of health, do you win by having an extremely healthy life?
Is there a hazard to exceed my max heart heart rate (220-39) with high blood pressure?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
Why is healthy competition considered good?
Why does being healthy and fit bring a smile to your face?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
What should I do to stay fit and healthy this summer?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
How can I get a healthy brain?
How do I convince myself to make health a priority?
What are the actual benefits of healthy fireproof boards in construction?
Are tattoos good for your health?
How is National Health Policy 2017 announced today?
How can I improve my heart's health?
Which is the better way to get coconut meat, heat method or freeze method?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
What are the ways to get rid of hyperacidity?
What is the importance of the wellness triangle?
What is the least messy way to cut and store a watermelon?
Is severe itching a symptom for a sexually transmitted disease?
Is going to a gym the best way to get in shape? Or can you get in shape by just using your own body and minimal equipment?
I have a neutered male cat (8 months old) that I adopted from a shelter. What are some ways that I can improve/maintain his health?
What is your secret to stay young?
Which ingredients should I pick in Subway for the healthiest possible sandwich?
How can I become healthier within 1 month?
What are disadvantages of good health?
What is the best way to lose 60 pounds in 6 months?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
Why do my balls feel radiated when I'm on my iPad? When I'm not on it the feeling goes away
Is it healthy to drink lemon water daily?
What are some of the medical tests one should undergo regularly/annually to ensure a healthy life?
Should I take medicine to look healthy?
How do our bodies become acidic?
Aside from genetics and healthy living, do cranky people live longer than placid, accepting people?
Does oral allergy syndrome get worse if you continue eating the foods that cause minor to minuscule reactions?
How is it possible to have Vitamin B12 deficiency even if I drink a lot of milk?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
Is a toilet's flush valve intentionally placed on the right side (as you stand in front of the toilet) to minimize contamination?
Is Herbalife bad for your health?
How can I talk my parents into having a healthy life style?
How can I lead a healthy life as a hosteller of a college?
What is the best physical exercise for good health?
Is what I’m doing right or wrong?
What are the best ways to teach your kids healthy habits?
Why do doctors say to stop using spices when these are good for your health?
Is eating red chili bad for one’s health?
When is the best time to workout if I'm intermittent fasting?
Are steroids really bad for one’s health? Are there any scientific studies about that?
Lately, I've been trying to eat healthy, exercise and drink loads of water, so why do I have a bad stomach all the time, since starting this?
Where can I get healthy tips and health coaching?
What are your biggest struggles around food, feeling good in your body and a healthy lifestyle?
I want to be outdoors all day, not inside an office or at home, how do I achieve that?
Can a covert narcissist live a healthy life?
Why do some people get cancer even though they lead a very disciplined, healthy lifestyle?
Most nights I am waking up completely soaked in sweat. Why is this happening?
Can you live a healthy life on a diet that contains no carbohydrates?
What are some of the best doctors' for a healthy life?
Are expectations healthy?
Which type of stretches are recommended for the beginners, dynamic or static?
Do we live healthier lives than before?
How do I keep healthy as an architect?
Is chicken bad for your health?
Are nightmares good for health in any way?
How can you maintain bone health?
Can I be healthy but not fit?
If you made a lot of enemies, how do you live a long life?
How much sleep does an average adult need to live healthy?
Do any experienced healthy people know what a 4-week fitness & eating plan would entail for someone obese who wants a lifestyle change with no gimmicks?
How do you keep a healthy lifestyle?
How do I maintain high energy levels being overweight?
What is it like to have a relationship? How do you maintain a healthy one?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
Is bronze good for bone health?
How do we know that being "fit and healthy" is good for our bodies?
Is drinking a lot of water before sleeping bad for health?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
How does society maintain order so that it will persist for a long period of time?
Sunlight is healthy, but at what point does it become harmful?
How do I start the process of being healthier and exercising?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
What's the best way to make sure you're healthy every year?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
What consists of a healthy lifestyle that I can adapt immediately?
What makes bananas such a good substitute in so many baking recipes (e.g., pancakes, muffins)? Are there alternatives for people who don't like them?
How can I be healthy if I am an adolescent?
How are there dietitians and nutritionists that are clearly not close to being in good shape? Would you trust their rules?
Are there long term health risks as to cracking ones knuckles?
How can you keep your digestive track healthy?
Is Zamzam water good for health?
What does healthy soil have to do with me?
Why are takeaways bad for your health?
Are throwing glass jars a healthy way to vent anger?
Is it because I crack my knuckles regularly that I can't make a tight fist?
What are natural ways to combat tiredness & lack of energy?
How do you maintain a healthy spine?
What are some of your best healthy life tips?
How did you motivate yourself to exercise and control eating habits when you had chronic severe headaches?
Is dining out bad for the health?
When would working out compromise your health?
Why do healthier people have large stools?
Is Lactaid healthy?
What are the lowest doses of resveratrol and coq10 that could have health benefits without any long-term health risks?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
Is wine good or bad for your health?
How can I adjust my sleep to stay healthy while working shift work?
Is it normal to feel tight in the heart, slightly short of breath, anxious, die out for a second & be sore on the side of the neck a day after taking Benadryl?
I recently got diagnosed with HIV. I plan to change my lifestyle so that I could live a healthy life and turn my life around. What should I do?
Why am I not as hungry anymore?
Is Quora a healthy habit?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
Are there any risks from taking the supplements designed to increase glutathione?
Is 28 too late to get healthy and in shape?
How can I stay healthy and be happy on low income?
What can someone do in order to be healthy if they are thin?
Is Enduramaas beneficial for your health?
How can I simply maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Why can't we stay healthy throughout our entire life?
How do I maintain my fitness and a healthy body?
How much money do you think a person should spend in order to eat well and stay healthy?
What food should one consume most days to live a long and healthy life?
What is a list of things that I'll need for moving into a room that I'm renting from someone's apartment? How can I maintain my bulking diet?
How do I live a healthy, long and energetic life with onion and garlic free food?
How do I improve my lifestyle with integrated health practices?
Is orbit is good for health?
How do I live healthy, younger and safe without doing any exercise?
What is your favorite overnight oats recipe?
Which is a healthy way to eat?
Can a smoker lead a healthy life?
Is yoga or pranayana better for us to keep healthy?
Are lice bad for our health?
Is doing 500 push-ups a day enough to stay healthy?
How does chow mein affect our health?
Should I avoid seeds, nuts, grains & legumes-unless "properly" processed-due to the antinutrients leading to gut issues, tooth/bone decay & more issues?
How much money do we need to earn to maintain a socially healthy life in the Indian metros, nowadays?
What are the most popular concerns about healthy lifestyle?
Why some people stay strong and healthy when they get old while others don't?
Is swimming for 1 hour daily enough of an exercise for a healthy heart if I also consume a lot of butter daily?
What does it feel like to be obese and start working out and eating healthy?
What are the healthy facts about Papaya?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
Why do we need vitamins?
What if life came with an expiry date?
Which food is good for health in children?
Do you feel overwhelmed with the different kinds of diet out there like anti-inflammatory diet, paleo, etc.?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
I suffer from acne. What treatment is recommended?
What is a good healthy alternative for cornstarch?
What foods help kids in improving their health?
What are your favorite Greenways in the US for biking?
Why is it necessary to work out the muscular system with physical exercise to be healthy as far as the AHA is concerned?
Is it possible to be obese yet remain healthy or physically fit?
How do I keep myself healthy in a factory that isn't climate-controlled?
If turmeric is so healthy, why isn't curry a health food?
I'm too lean and thin. How can I improve my health after the age of 24 (Please read description)?
What is something that everyone should do everyday, anywhere, and at any time of the day to stay as healthy and fit as possible throughout their lives?
What are some of the best extempore topics?
If someone is thin, what should he do in order to be healthy?
Is it best to meditate before or after exercise in the morning (and why)?
Are there any amino acid supplements, which have all 22 amino acids in meaningful amounts in the proper ratio and in an easily absorbable form?
How does exercising and staying healthy when you are in your 20s and your 30s affect your later years in life?
What habits do doctors believe lead to a healthy life?
How accurate is the book "The Wellness Sense" by Om Swami?
Is lifting weights enough to build my abs?
How do I learn to make healthy choices that make me happy?
Will god punish us for masturbating?
Is The Chickery good for one’s health?
Is there time to workout and stay healthy if I become an airline pilot?
What are alternatives for the foods that I might be allergic to? I want to gain lean weight and I need a variety of foods to reach 3500 calories daily.
Why introverts always score good in academics?
What are some of the pros and cons of living in the countryside?
How can we make ourselves healthy?
Are cooking sprays good for health?
What are some healthiest habits I could add to my routine?
What sorts of things do you do to keep healthy?
How do I eat and lose weight fast?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
Do we know all of the carcinogen chemicals in plastic and cans, or are we still uneducated and risking getting ill from "BPA-free" items?
Is industrialized agriculture good for us? How is our personal health affected?
How much water should an adult, aged around 25 years old, consume daily in order to maintain his good health?
What tools do you use to keep your mind healthy?
What factors control the human heart rate? What can cause it to go down?
How many years on average do married men live longer compared to single men?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
How do I stay healthy and fit in this hot summer in India?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
How does eating healthy lead to a happy life?
Why do we expect physicians to advise us to stay healthy?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Are there any health benefits associated with regular consumption of cucumber?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
Is it possible to have too much iron?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
Why do people continue smoking despite packet labeling indicating that it is harmful to health?
Do sauna suits have the same effect as sauna?
Is douching with vinegar and water safe?
What are the best foods to cook in a deep fryer?
What is the best healthy eating app?
What are good vegan meal plans for a very active person that is looking to gain lean weight (3500 calories daily)?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
How do I keep my health good?
What is the secret of staying healthy in Ramadan?
Is it healthy that I eat 10-15 servings of fruit and vegetables per day?
Is Cellotherm treatment good for health?
Which is the best way to maintain a healthy lifestyle, yoga or the gym?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What are the best things to keep in a relationship to keep it healthy?
What are some good cross body health exercise?
Is gomutra good for health?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
Are there any negative health ramifications as a result of drooling in your sleep?
Is it healthy to use a sextoy all the time?
Why is mercury bad for our health?
Is using lubrication during foreplay healthy for men?
What are the ways to keep the pancreas healthy & active?
How can a beer lover lead a healthy life?
What are some tips to stay young, mentally and physically?
How can I maintain my health?
What will happen if a person spend many days at a stretch either standing or sitting, but not lying on bed or flat surface?
What habits do doctors recommend for young people to adopt to have long and healthy lives?
Is sleeping after 10 pm detrimental to your health?
Why is Ovaltine healthy?
How can the Japanese have the highest rate of stomach cancer even though their diet is mostly healthy?
When are you living a healthy lifestyle?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What are some facts about hot tubs and infections that will help you to stay healthy?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
What should healthy boogers look like?
How can one get healthy and heavy hair?
How can one have a healthy thinking?
What are the five daily practices for a healthy life?
What healthy foods can I blend in a blender to make healthy smoothies, milkshakes and juices?
Is 10 thousand steps enough in a day to be healthy?
What is a good, healthy way to stop flashbacks when you have them?
How long does it take you to use up a pound of butter (454 g)?
What is your definition of a healthy dessert?
What is the ideal diet to keep one healthy?
If you live in an industrial area, is it harmful for your health, or is it something else?
How much vision can a healthy man have?
What are some ways to stay healthy even if you spend most of the day sitting down?
Does intense migraine and tinnitus serve as a disability criteria in India?
How does positivity make you healthy and successful in life?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How can I keep my tresses moisturized and healthy? What basic products would you recommend?
How can I keep a constant diet and sustain a healthy lifestyle?
How can I make my diet recipes app easier to use and more user friendly?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
What are some things that can reduce medical problems and promote a healthier lifestyle?
What is necessary to maintain health?
I'm a smoker. How do I keep myself healthy without quitting?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
Is monosodium glutamate good for one’s health?
What are you ladies' challenges to exercising and eating healthy on a consistent basis?
How do you manage your bad habits when no one else is around to hold you accountable?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
What are 5 ways to stay content and healthy?
Is BHT bad for your health?
Could you survive and be healthy by only sleeping in 90 minute intervals?
Why do people say that slouching is bad for my health?
Is cycling 15km everyday for a commute sufficient exercise for a 35-year-old male to lead a healthy lifestyle?
How do you keep lysosomes healthy?
How can I maintain my health without the gym?
In what ways can grenadine be bad for your health?
Is sugarcane good for the health in the summer?
How many cloves should a person consume per day for good health?
Is libido healthy?
How can I live a healthy life as a college student? I have time management issues. Can anybody help?
What are some healthy alternatives to Funyuns?
How should I keep myself fit and healthy?
What does a healthy male body look like?
Is studying a lot, bad for health?
What should one do in order to resist temptations and to maintain a fully stable, strong, healthy mind?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
Why do successful people sleep so little and how do they do this?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
How can a person start exercising again after gaining a lot of weight and losing motivation?
What is your opinion on safe and nutritious food for healthy life?
Is excessive sleep bad for our overall health?
How bad does it burn when you drink bleach?
Should people just accept their body as it is (as long as it is healthy, of course)?
Why are health and hygiene important in our life?
Why are the reports on the benefits of health foods so conflicting?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
What is the best and easiest way to stay healthy without spending lot of time?
Why do some people continue to insist, despite the evidence, that being fat is healthy?
Is beer good for your health?
What can I do now to ensure I will be healthy and able-bodied in old age?
What is the best fit exercises?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
How do I check my health in one minute?
Is it okay to just do side jacknives for obliques? Because I heard somewhere that obliques work for twisting as well.
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
I have been obese since I was 17, and am turning 19 in December. Do I still have a hope of growing taller if I lead a healthy lifestyle?
I shit at around 11AM. How can I change this time to 8AM or 7AM?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
How much hour of sleep is sufficient for a person above 18 to stay healthy?
What is the best supplement, vitamin or health product that can regulate blood vessels so that they can optimally constrict/dilate?
Is it good to go for a health card?
How do I go about losing 60 pounds in 60 days?
Why is bioacoustics health?
Why am I struggling to lose body fat percentage?
Is it bad if can't sleep?
Has anyone gotten ill after leading a healthy lifestyle?
Where and how can I market a business in health and wellness? Please be specific.
How harmful is it for your back or body to use your laptop, while sitting in your laptop chair and putting your legs up on your bed that’s nearby?
Compare a single water fast of over 10 days vs intermittent fasting for several months. Would the health results not be similar?
How do I get lean at 5"1' and 22 years old?
How does coffee work? Is it good for health?
How do I maintain my health at the age of sixty?
What can I do now in my mid 30s to have a healthy life in my 40s?
What are your personal experiences with the "tabata workout routine"?
Where are the cleanest places to live?
What are some of the best way to stay fit and healthy if you are a busy student?
Are Kellogg’s Oat Bites healthy?
How much hours should we sit a day?
How can people maintain healthy weight while on grain free fruit and veggie diet?
How can I keep my liver healthy?
How can I make tikka masala low in saturated fat?
What is the perfect routine for a healthy life style while working in continuous day & night shifts?
Isn’t being expressive healthy?
What are the best places for bikini waxing in Pune or Mumbai?
In what ways are the effects of caffeine and exercise similar and different?
Is (or could) drinking olive oil good for the stomach?
What do you do for your health?
How can you stay comfortable and healthy working and sitting at a desk all day?
Will artificial water harm our health?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
Would someone be healthier if he/she did deep breathing all the time?
How do I stop binge eating all the time?
Are "healthy oils" (coconut, olive, rapeseed) still healthy when used for cooking?
How can over-sleeping prove to be bad for health? How can one stop it if it is that bad?
What is the healthiest lifestyle lately?
What is the best way to avoid health issues and lead a healthy life?
Is eating cilantro bad for health?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Have you experimented with caloric restrictions as a method of extending your life?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
What is the best way to live a healthy lifestyle as a teenager?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
Why do some people have completely clear skin even with a shit diet and little to no exercise, whilst others have acne with a healthy lifestyle?
How healthy are Americans?
Is smoking and drinking really bad for your health?
What are the healthy habits for healthy life?
What do we have to do to have a healthy, full lifetime?
Is it safe to eat leftover food after 4 to 5 days, or is 3 days the safest bet?
I heard about Varco Phyto Oil as a remedy for varicose veins. Is it effective and recommended for phytotherapy?
Will HPV be contagious after it is cleared from your body?
How do I start being healthier?
Why is the per capita spending on healthcare so high in the US?
Why is walking in the woods beneficial for your health?
Is eating unsulfured & unsweetened dried fruit bad for our health?
How do I maintain a healthy lifestyle while working in a night shift?
How hungry or full should I be at bedtime for optimal health?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
What's the maximum working hours to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Are cornflakes good for health?
For people who regularly do Surya Namaskar, what are the health benefits other than losing weight? How long does it take for one to see those benefits?
Is parotta good for our health?
Does adding a lot of spice to your meals have a negative effect on your health?
What is the best way to a physical and mental, healthy life?
Is sleeping on the floor or firm surfaces really better for posture and back issues?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
Is it safe to cook different meats together on the same pan or tray, or is there a high risk of getting sick?
How do excessive video gamers maintain their health?
How can we live a long and healthy life? If one has a lean muscular body with a fat percentage of around 10%, does that mean they can live longer?
How do we organize a healthy lifestyle in small residential complexes?
Is sleeplessness/less sleep bad for health? How?
How is it that people live despite disease and die despite being healthy?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
Are there any benefits to long distance walking?
Why is Apple juice good for a person?
What are the challenges in engaging Health and Wellness industry?
How much time should we spend in front of the TV for a healthy life?
What are the benefits found in lemon tea with honey?
I sit at a desk all day. What can I do to maintain good health?
What were the healthy habits followed by ancient people in India?
How can nurses keep themselves healthy when they are working different shifts patterns every week?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Healthy living makes me want to die. How can I find a balance?
As someone with an ACE score of 10, what can I do to keep my body healthy?
Is running or cycling bad for your long term health?
Which healthy habits are good for our daily life?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Is it healthier to stand all day (for 8 hours) as opposed to sitting all day?
What does healthy lifestyle entails?
Why is saltwater bad for health?
Is water fasting bad for the health?
Can you motivate me to lose weight?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How can I identify as to which component of milk am I allergic to?
Is cardio necessary to keep the heart healthy?
What is the name of a good thyroid surgeon in Delhi?
I’ve been trying to lose weight for about 4 months. I am halfway to my goal but these past two weeks I have reached a plateau. How do I switch it up?
Are samosas good for health?
Should friends share the same values? What might be those values?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
Is soybean oil good for one’s health?
What are the characteristics of a good health?
What are lifestyle habits that keep you healthy?
What are the best health tips for childrens?
How can a middle-aged woman exercise to keep fit and healthy?
Where do I begin to change my mentality, my way of living and my current path to becoming more than a victim?
What are the safest ways to keep your reproductive system healthy?
How do I adjust to a work environment with just my left hand? The other is in a hard cast from a hairline fracture at the wrist. I am right handed.
How does one make healthy choices?
How can I stay fit and healthy at home without going gym?
How can I improve my health conditions?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
What are the things you do daily to keep your home clean and germs free?
Healthy tips for one who does rotational shift?
What is the minimum amount of masturbation to stay healthy?
Would you rather be constipated or have diarrhea?
How are herbicides harmful for our health?
Does Qvar inhaler really treat asthma?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
Is depression healthy for life?
How could we improve our dance cover?
What are tips for good health?
How exactly did David Dao get a concussion during the United Airlines incident?
What are your suggestions for a name for my healthy living blog?
If I bleach my hair every two weeks, what negative effects would occur to my health?
Which juice/juices can be mixed with beetroot, without any chemical harm caused to stomach/body?
How does one reverse one's age appearance at 30 years of age considering that person is already living a healthy lifestyle?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How do I practice picking the best watermelon and under what conditions can I apply each method?
What are the negative effects of eating every hour, besides when sleeping?
Is tandoori roti good for health?
How do I cope with poverty?
Where's the “proof” & studies that many vegans use to claim that eating all animal products is unhealthy and causes diseases & that we're not omnivores?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
Should I be concerned about my health benefits for the future when I'm overweight?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
What are some health tips for sitting professionals?
Would you experience any negative health effects if you put only water in an e-cigarette?
When will people try to change their food habits to be healthier?
Do young, healthy people sense if they will die soon? How?
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: "A healthy body is a reflection of a healthy mind. A healthy mind is a reflection of a healthy body"?
What are some of the best healthy habits, for people working in irregular shifts?
Why do I still have acne when I eat healthy and take care of my skin?
Are there any negative feedback/side effects of a one month intake of UAE's Nutridiet shakes?
Is manual work good for the body/health?
How do I stay active without eating healthy?
What activities do you do regularly if you are a male teenager of 16?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau doing the right thing to legalize marijuana in Canada? Why or why not?
Should we force overweight people to lose weight for the same reasons we force people to wear seat belts, on the pain of sanctions?
How can I get a healthy and attractive body after the age of forty years old?
Is limonene good for your health?
What is the mindset of fit and healthy people?
How do you make sure astronauts are mentally healthy during their stay?
Has the Roost Laptop Stand made a significant difference on any part of your body?
Is Maggi noddles no longer harmful to one’s health?
Is it unhealthy to exercise in the morning before soiling?
How healthy are runners compared to fit and healthy people who exercise but don't run?
People in their 30s or early 40s: why aren't you doing as much sport as when you were in your 20s?
What is the best plan to lose 10kg weight in 40 days?
Is cocoa good for your health?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
How do we develop healthful desires?
How many times a week should I masturbate to remain healthy?
How do I get into the routine for a healthy life? How do I get the motivation?
How can I keep myself healthy?
What happens to a person who has a stomach ulcer and does not get any treatment?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
What kinds of activities are good for children’s health?
What does a reality based healthy male friendship look like?
How does computer maintain its time even it is switched off for long time?
Are pistachios good for health?
How do I become healthy and fit as a teenager?
Is sabudana good or bad for one’s health?
Can smartphones damage your health?
It is true that we can/should eat a lot at breakfast?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
Is having WiFi at home harmful for our health?
Which is better, Accretive Health or Concentrix?
What do I need to do if I want to live long?
I am going to turn 16 very soon. What advice do you have for me?
How healthy are craft beers?
What are some health benefits of louts?
Is it easy to work in big law but still maintain a healthy life with kids?
How do you make yourself want to change when you're not motivated?
How is Jaljeera healthy for us?
How do physical dysfunctions come from repeated motions? How does the assembly line shape the behavior of the workers?
Why do people consume alcohol despite the awful taste?
Can weak people with a weak digestion and immune system join a gym?
Why do pillows make us feel comfortable while sleeping?
How does pornography harm a teenager's life? How can a teenager avoid it?
How many people are CPR certified?
Why do people fast?
Why do we feel stress?
As we age, do we actually get more hungover or are we just drinking more?
What is the best way to react when people address you as fat so often?
Can fasting reverse the sleep-wake (diurnal) cycle back to its natural rhythm?
Why do people say we are not supposed shake our legs continuously when we are in a sitting position? Is this due to a health reason or is it not good etiquette?
How much do people fart?
Why are there so many Americans who feel stressful?
Does the Medibank Private Health hub and associated marketing actually get people to change behaviour?
Is it a sickness to want to understand one's emotions and thoughts to the point of obsession? If so, what is its name?
Why do some people get more "old" such as the senile type, poor mobility, slow cognitive functioning, than other people at even older ages in their 80s whom seem like they still have their wits as if they were in their 50s?
Do more crimes and fatal accidents occur at night? If so, are there overall benefits to reversing the typical wake-sleep pattern?
Is it possible that some people need much less sleep than others?
Health: How do I stop a yawn in its tracks?
Sexuality: Why am I so horny, even when I get sex in this week more than 3 times?
What does craving for ice chips shows? Is it a disease or a normal behavior?
What is the weird thing that happens when your nose suddenly clears up and everything just becomes clearer all of a sudden?
Is it true that people hesitate to tell their children reality sometimes, even though they know it might harm someday?
Why is plastic not being banned, even if it is considered as one of the things that will eat the entire world one day?
What are the dangers of television?
Do people with prosopagnosia see faces and don't recognize them or are the face blurred?
Is it possible to be addicted to something you've never had?
Why is it so easy to stay awake until 6am but so hard to wake up at 6am?
How can I cure myself of my masturbation problem and conquer my demons?
Recently, I've found myself completely sapped of energy and motivation. Could it be due to stress from recent tests I had taken?
Why do fat and overweight people breathe heavier than its counterpart, fit people?
Why is obesity being celebrated in recent media, after people have been trying to enforce healthy body images for so long to get rid of the idea of anorexia being attractive? Why would people want to advertise obesity, which is just as unhealthy?
Is it healthy that I badly want to be alone and in isolation?
How do you treat autosomal aneuploidy?
Why do people hide their pain even when they are very hurt?
Why are there so many people hating on girls being skinny, while one of the biggest diseases of the Western world is obesity?
Why do people suddenly inhale lots of air when they get shocked?
Is it possible to think yourself better from certain minor aches and pains?
Why do people drink coffee with 6 creams and 5 sugars?
Is it normal to feel lazy after meditation?
When is the last time you went outside?
Do people get time to exercise after graduating from the IIMs?
Why are some people much more prone to addiction than others?
Are fat people limited in bed?
What is the physiological basis of trembling hands?
Why is the risk of a stroke in young people on the rise?
Is it true that masturbation makes people dumb? Is there a scientific explanation behind it?
How can I stop going to the bathroom in the mornings?
How do one armed people wash their remaining hand?
Why do some people get nauseated when they play or watch first-person-shooter games?
What is it like to get rid of all emotions?
How does one stay grounded while remaining open to being inspired?
How would people react if diseases were only transmissible instead of contagious?
Does yawning produce melatonin?
Is my attachment to my stuffed animal unhealthy?
Should we care about being hated by people? If not, is there any training to get rid of it?
Why does the style and sound of sneezing vary from person to person?
Is forcing a smile a better behavior than allowing smiles to come when they do?
Why are some people prejudiced against overweight people?
Hypothetically, if a person was in a well-cushioned elevator and the cable snaps on, say, the 20th floor, would the person survive?
Why does vaginal sexual intercourse feel different with different women? Are all vaginas the same or, if not, what causes the penis to feel different?
Why do people make such a big deal about STD's?
Why do people feel the need to give me glares and go out of their way to forcefully cough in my face?
Why do we feel intense joy and unhealthy when there is congestion on the opposite lane and everything runs on ours?
Why are many people so focused on preventing hair loss and on growing more hair?
Is it bad to fear the dark so bad at age 14-15?
Why do people still think that video games are harmful for your health?
Why do people become so tired once they reach 30?
Why is there more rush at a wine shop than a milk shop?
Why do people get tired so easily?
What does it take to have a complete change in lifestyle?
How do obese people maintain pride in their looks?
How does smoking marijuana in the long-term affect your personality and thinking when sober?
Why would someone continue smoking?
Why are people cling so strongly to alternative  remedies (i.e., "therapies" for which research has failed to prove their efficacy)
What is the most convincing/satisfying answer to the question "why do you smoke?" for someone who doesn't want to quit nor to be bothered about quitting?
Why do some people get hiccups when they're hungry?
Why do people get so defensive and attacking whenever someone raises questions regarding the logical sense of homosexuality?
What makes us smile? Are there any interesting facts behind it?
How much faster do people having a chronic depression age?
What is concealed in human ovulation given that human menstruation is absolutely obvious?
Why do we always look at the water in the glass before drinking?
What would cause me to randomly cry when I wake up?
How do I smile more?
How can one treat low spermcount?
Why shouldn't we judge someone by their drinking habits? Isn't drinking a bad thing?
What are some benefits of social drinking?
Why do people make fun of obese people?
Why do some people speak the name of god(s) after sneezing/yawning?
What is the reason for one to yawn a lot?
Why don't we eat healthy?
If yawning helps you be more alert, does forcefully stopping myself from yawning enable me to sleep easily?
Why is sitting so bad for you?
When is going too slow fast?
For what reason does an infant stool become dark green?
Are there any risks for my health if I try to switch from being right-handed to left-handed?
Is it possible to get the caffeine effects without taking it?
How long can you bear to stay idle like when your mind hardly goes through a deserving exercise?
What are the benefits of resisting yawning?
Why is it whenever I don't sleep for many days I become extremely emotionally sensitive, negative, and immature? Is this normal?
Is it worse for one's health to lie down than to sit while reading, writing, watching TV, etc.?
Why do some people have trouble sleeping with the lights switched on, even though we sleep with our eyes closed?
Nowadays people struggle with stress. What's the reason?
Why am I so frustrated when I'm physically tired?
How does the use of oral contraceptives affect behavior and sexuality?
How should I react if my friends tease me all the time for being fat?
Why do people worry about their health?
Why, and when, in time did humans start sleeping on the bed?
Why do people close their ears when vomiting?
Is it normal for someone to be scared of becoming an amputee? Is this normal?
What are the Christian arguments against masturbation?
Is masturbation cheating the system?
Why do my eyes water when I yawn? Why do I yawn so much?
Why do people smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol though they know it's injurious to health?
If people say "depression and anxiety is caused by heart problems in any age " while doctors say that the heart is functioning normally then what does that mean?
What happens if someone skips adolescence?
Why do some people become motion sick easily while others do not?
There is a belief that shaking the legs is considered a bad behaviour. Is there any scientific reason behind that?
Why are humans disgusted by the smell of somebody breaking wind but not by the smell of our own wind?
Is masturbation bad for sportsmen?
Why do smart people often collapse?
Why are most people careless regarding their own health in spite of being well-educated and wealthy?
Do people who sneeze incredibly loud do so intentionally?
Does our personal relations with people affect our achievements and success? If yes, then how does it affect?
Why are we so hesitant to go for medical examination when we are ill?
Why do college guys drink and smoke?
What is so good about drinking beer and wine?
Is cynicism healthy? Or is it a sign of depression?
Why do we get sleepy?
What emotion is most associated with slouching?
Why do people often become irritable when they are tired?
Is it mean to act like a normal person when someone close to you is not well?
Why does this happen whenever I find something disturbing?
Is jerking off daily healthy and what are the health points?
How many people actually wash their hands after they pee in the privacy of their own home?
Why are cigarettes still sold even though they are harmful?
How many times does a person masturbate on average?
How do you manage stress as a waiter, when people don't tip?
What is wrong with my sleeping pattern?
What are some organizations that promote sports?
Is it healthy if a non-drinker takes liv 52 to keep his little fatty liver healthy?
What is the most health coffee to drink between an espresso and a latte?
Which is the best gear cycle with a budget of Rs. 10000?
How do I maintain healthy lifestyle in an Indian hostel (specifically in West Bengal)?
What are the benefits of living a health-centric life and how would you define that life?
What can I do instead of eating that will give me the same satisfying feeling?
I'm 15, 225 Pounds and 6 feet 1 inches. What can I do to reduce weight?
Which is the best weight loss program?
How do I stop caring about my looks and feeling like my whole life will be decided on my looks? It's making me depressed.
What is the best food post workout?
What are the consequences of using strong laxatives for weight loss?
How do I have healthy mind?
Why do people take Disprin so much even though it is so bad for health?
How do I modify workout in summer to stay fit and healthy?
I am a really busy college student. I am starting to gain weight. How many hours per week should I exercise at least?
What 'bad' habits that are actually good for your health?
Why its important stay young & fit in today's mordern lifestyle?
Is living in a house above 550 feet sea level safe?
What type of fruits should one consume to stay healthy in Indian summer?
What did your face look like before and after losing weight?
How about Quora dedicated for Healthy Lifestyle, Health Issues, treatment and after care?
Does drug abuse truly cause aging?
What's the correlation between wealth, health, and healthy habits?
How do I stay healthy and fit even if you are eating outside almost all the day?
How can I get lean muscles?
What are some signs that you should bring your parent to the doctor?
How do I create a room without any ventillation but healthy and comfortable to stay?
Why scuba diving can be healthy for people?
Is it healthy for your back to be standing all 8 hours of your shift?
How important is exercising to growth?
What health benefits did you notice after you began drinking more water?
How can I deny hunger on a diet?
Can sleep, clean air, exercise, and healthy living improve your general levels of motivation?
How do I get rid of excess fat on my mons pubis?
What would happen if unhealthy person whos body is dmaged from drugs, cigarettes and alcohol would start living healthy, doing sports, running etc?
How does thyroid work with other systems to keep the body healthy?
What nutrition should I take in order to maintain good health?
How can plants contribute to healthy and Improved sleeping?
How does Virat Kohli maintain a healthy lifestyle to stay so fit and motivated?
Is it healthy to sleep immediately after having dinner?
How can I lose 90 pounds in three months?
Is it possible to stay at 8% body fat all your life? Is this healthy?
I'm 15 and really skinny will I eventually gain weight as I get older?
What are the dangers of eating raw pancetta?
Why does thinking of the past make me extremely sad?
What should a healthy and fit human body be able to do?
Do you have tips to stay healthy while coding all day?
Do weight loss pills work?
What is the rules of modern etiquette?
How come Amazing Grass' Green Superfood Energy doesn't work for me anymore?
What are the benefits of drinking half lemon, 2tbs honey and half tsp turmeric powder mixed in warm 250 ml water in empty stomach on early morning?
What are the health benefits of red wine?
Who invented push-ups?
How can initiatives lead to a healthier lifestyle?
What is your routine ..which you think is healthy and possible in present world?
If I want to gain muscle, is it better to lose fat first or just start working out?
What is a good book about living a healthy life, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Is drinking luke warm water with a pinch of turmeric every night is good for the health of a man?
What are the benefits of peppermint tea for weight loss?
After a gym workout, what can I do to burn fat and not burn muscles?
How do I decide Goenka's 10 day Vipassana retreat is for me?
Is sprinting good for health?
How can I get my body in good shape at home?
What should I do in my 40's?
How can a scrawny and lazy 14 year old gain muscle and become ripped?
What should American do to help people become healthy again?
How do you maintain a healthy lifestyle in such an unstable society?
How do I keep my eyes healthy while using computer?
Is their any damage to my health if I stop consuming thyroid tablets suddenly, but I started yoga?
How common is it to lead a perfectly healthy life with complete DPD deficiency disorder?
How do I shift my circadian rhythm to that of a morning person's?
Pick one of the most important things you could do to make yourself happier. Why are or aren't you doing it?
How can I become really fit?
What is your favorite way to lose weight?
What are good companies to work in the fitness, wellness, or health food industries in Vancouver?
Why does ginseng have so many amazing health properties?
I'm 16 and weigh 280lbs, how long would it take to slim down and gain muscle?
Did you know that Colgate is bad for health?
Can extreme sexual conservatism cause mental health problems?
What should I do to have a good health fitness body in a short time?
How can I maintain healthy boundaries?
Which are the best exercises for losing fat?
How should they try to spend a healthy lifestyle?
Which diet and exercise plan should be followed to lose 20 pounds in 10 weeks?
What do I do if I am not able to sleep when I am supposed to sleep & then I feel sleepy at the wrong time which affects my schedule & lifestyle?
Where is the best place on the internet to ask medical questions?
Is there any adverse effect to health from living close to wooden overhead pole with three transformers attached?
What do you prefer eating to stay healthy during winters?
Is the pulp of the fruit the healthy part?
Is it healthy to take contraceptive pills or can they in the long run actually harm women's health?
Do I have Marfan's Syndrome?
What are the minimum daily amounts of oils and salt that a healthy adult needs in order to stay healthy?
Is drinking Sprite regularly harmful for your health?
What's your favorite diet?
Is there an Android app for treadmill HIIT?
How is grapefruit helpful for weight loss?
Is shifting my sleep from night to evening healthy?
How can you treat a pulled lat muscle?
How do I stay healthy at age 45 if I am a woman?
How do I prevent myself from falling asleep at noon?
Is it possible to lose weight in 2 days without doing exercise?
How do I create a balance between working hard and having a healthy life?
How many hours of sleep do you believe you need each night to be rested? How did you determine that?
What are some good exercises to improve knee/ankle strength?
Why is eating healthy so hard and expensive?
Do you believe that in general people want to grow, want to learn, and want to eat healthy and stay fit?
My Semen Analysis report shows Very low quantity and bad morphology, Is it recoverable?
What are some activities to do on a regular basis after retirement that will keep you healthy and actively relaxed?
What's your favorite thing about your body?
What is the average weekly walking mileage to stay healthy?
Can you lose weight by drinking smoothies for breakfast?
In general, what is worse, a good diet but not enough physical activity or enough physical activity but a bad diet?
Which is more Health Concern or Healthy city of India'?
What are the basic steps to stay fit and healthy?
Is there a scale that shows how healthy or unhealthy something is?
How can I make my groin & inner thigh muscles loose & flexible-they're very tight & limited in range of motion when I do side leg swings?
Is anti-mosquito incense bad for health?
How safe is Pulphy orange? Comparing to other cool drinks?
If I put in 60 minutes a day on a treadmill at fast walk pace of 4.0mph on 15 incline, is that a good routine towards burning fat?
Can a body of water be green-colored and be healthy?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
Why doesn't my face turn red like other people's?
How can I be healthy everyday?
What would you do if you were too tired of what happens around you?
Can you motivate me to always exercise, stay fit, and eat healthy?
As a 21 year old beginner, how do I start exercising for beginners at home?
How do you stay energetic throughout the day?
Is skipping barefooted good for health?
I have normal pain the day after a training. Should or shouldn't I make more exercises today?
What are the five mistakes that can wreck your health?
What consists of a healthy lifestyle that I can adapt immediately?
Do I need to walk 10000 steps to be healthy?
What is the best approach for me to reduce belly fat for good, considering I have knee pain? Which exercise & what diet?
What is a good jump rope workout plan?
How can I get extra weight and improve my health?
Is it because I crack my knuckles regularly that I can't make a tight fist?
Challenge: vegetarian for 1 month. Any advice or tips on how to stay healthy during this time?
How do I live a reasonably healthy life without living too long (past 80ish)?
Will people be healthier in the future?
How long should I wait before I go to sleep after working out?
What are harmful fruits which spoil health?
What is muesli used for? Do it have bad effects on health?
How can I live a healthy and happy life?
I am 65. How can I live a peaceful healthy life?
What is the one single food I should stop eating to lose weight pronto? Im 5'9 180 lbs and love my potato chips and work out on occasions.
I exercise vigorously 60 mins every day and after 6 months I lost 10kg without changing my diet. Am I lucky or is this normal? My BMI is now 28.
Is 900-100 calories a day enough for a 13 year old girl?
Is it harder to exercise when breathing through an air mask (when dealing with pollution, like the pollution in China)?
What are some healthy habits every student must have in life?
I am 32 and want to get rid of my bad fun habits (partying, drinking, smoking, flirting), but I feel bored since I stopped. What should I do instead?
Can a human stay healthy on bread, water and vitamin pills only?
What is a list of things that I'll need for moving into a room that I'm renting from someone's apartment? How can I maintain my bulking diet?
Which exercises are good for health and overall development?
What is a way to stay happy and healthy?
How do programmers stay healthy when they brag about only eating pizza, drinking coffee and sitting and coding for hours upon hours?
Are people who are heavier less healthy after controlling for bodyfat %?
When will humans no longer have to exercise to remain healthy?
Is it must to sleep 7 to 8 hours daily?
How do you define "healthy"?
How can I become fit and healthy if I have lived a really unhealthy lifestyle in the past 10 years?
How do I lose weight if I mostly have fat in my stomach area?
Are lice bad for our health?
Is swimming daily good for health?
What do you love about exercising?
How can I improve my food discipline?
How do I design my diet to be healthy from inside and stay active from outside?
Why am I healthier since moving to Costa Rica? Am I healthier because of a stronger immune system or because of fewer germs ? Is stress the real key?
Has anyone witnessed any type 1 diabetes who has a healthy lifestyle even during his/her old age without serious health problems?
What is the best Yoga to keep your stomach healthy?
What are some factors that keep my bones healthy?
How can I lose weight, and decrease my stomach size?
Are MRE's healthy enough for daily consumption for athletes?
How much protein is too much? I weight 71 kg and I'm 18 years old. How much should I consume?
Can you help me lose weight?
How is whole milk fattening?
Is financial health correlated with physical health?
Are push-ups a good form of exercise for healthy lifestyle?
What are some ways to get slim in a week?
What is your best daily activity schedule to get healthy lifestyle and happy heart?
How can I start feeling healthy and energised?
Is a knowledge of neurochemistry required in order to live a healthy and productive life?
Are saturated oil good for health?
What are the benefits of high carb low protein low fat diet. 80/10/10.?
How can I improve my health in a week?
Can I exercise everyday by myself and still lose weight?
What can you do to keep your organs healthy?
Is it healthy for someone who spent most of the day sitting to go for an intensive physical activity just for a few minutes?
How can I be in a calorie deficit diet for weight loss and at the same time not lose muscle? Should I cut down calories from carbs and fat?
What is the amount of protein that should be consumed per day to gain muscle I do not want to become buff but want to gain muscle?
Why are a lot of people who exercise and compete in sports still overfat in relation to their lean body mass?
Is it true tequila helps in losing weight? If true, does Mezcal have the same effect?
Which way is the best way to lose weight along with measurement?
How much do hot baths increase people’s heart rates?
How can I control my appetite more effectively?
What Are The Effects of Diet on Our Skin?
Is it healthy to change friends?
Does paneer do good to my health?
If you're between 35 and 55, why do you want to be healthy and strong?
Is paracetamol tablet bad for our health?
Which is healthier cow,'s milk or buffalo's milk?
Are fast foods really bad for health?
What are the best ways to reduce fat over the hips and thighs in women, without exercising?
Is it healthy to lose weight without eating?
What are your best advices for weightloss?
Should I avoid regular snacking to stay healthy?
What is your daily healthy breakfast?
Why is it so hard to get 6-pack abs?
what are some of the best books written on nutrition?
How do I maintain good health and stable mind in corporate stressfull life?
How do top doctors maintain their good health? Apart from regular exercise and eating right, do doctors take supplements?
Which types of foods can improve memory and concentration instantly?
Are soft drinks harmful for our health?
Can I play sports if I have runner's knee?
What supplements should kids ages 9-16 be taking in addition to their diet?
What habits do doctors recommend for young people to adopt to have long and healthy lives?
Im 29 never been to gym, 20-30 min cycling/day, 0.5 km average walk/day recently I gained some weight (176cm, 81kg) how I can loss 10kg effectively?
What all-natural products do you use around your home?
What's the fastest way to lose as much weight as I can In 80 days?
What would a day in the life of a physically and mentally healthy person be like?
Is being too responsible bad for my health?
How healthy is "healthy"?
What is the superb things you need to buy when you get rich?
Is it true that there is always a way?
Should I do physical exercises every day? For what amount of time?
Does singing too much effect our health?
Is it true that Jackfruit is a powerful cancer killer?
How do I lose 25-35kg in a year?
What are the most healthy and environmentally friendly to go box solutions?
What can I do daily to improve my health?
How do I get rich (really rich) by working from home?
Is it a good idea to eat healthy snacks such as nuts or fruits while working?
What have you discovered about yourself by doing what you love?
Can I gain six pack without those expensive training equipment or going to gym?
Can I lose weight with a 1400 cal diet?
Are there any health disadvantages from smoking weed?
How we can take care of our health?
What amount of alcohol consumption, over time, is determined to be excessive?
Why sleeping for an appropriate time is important for good health?
Can cocaine make you lose weight?
How can I manage to eat healthier if I want to cut down biscuits and sugary meals/snacks?
Can I lose 15 kg in three months?
Which is the best to have meal, 3 times or 5 times a day?
Do plants make you healthier?
What are some best practices to live on a startup (ramen) budget and stay healthy?
Should kids do competitive sports in middle/highschool?
What are some benefits to our general health of practicing headstand or hand stands?
Is bleaching your teeth bad for your health?
Is there a smartband designed for health tracking?
What is the effect of eating pasta and pizza everyday?
Do we need to have the same nutritional intake every day?
What is the benefit of not eating dinner?
Is mayoneese healthy for body?
What should I eat to keep healthy during track season?
How long will it take to reduce my waist size and what to do?
If I eat less than 2000 calories per day and exercise 1 hour a day, how much fat will I burn in 1 month?
What are the things necessary to live a healthy life?
Would it help to maintain my health records?
How do I lose weight while working and sitting in an office for 10-12 hours a day?
What is the healthiest way to live better and longer?
What are the daily practices to become succesful?
Is the impact of 10,000 steps a day equal to 70,000 steps a week?
What does it feel like to be a formerly fit, toned athlete to someone who has let themselves go and gain a ridiculously large amount of weight?
What is the perfect diet plan to stay healthy and fit from morning to night?
Why doesn't fat accumulate on the male calf?
What are some of the best way to stay fit and healthy if you are a busy student?
Why does my face looks so healthy after a good night sleep?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
If a person looks muscular, does it follow that he is healthy, energetic and likely to have a long life span?
What should you do when someone hates you?
What is an ideal back workout to do at home?
Is it possible that your body starts becoming dependent on health products after consistent use at a young age?
Can cake be healthy?
What is the difference in being fit and being healthy?
What is the best way for me to lose weight continuously over a 12-18 month period of time?
Why do eating speeds differ? How can I safely increase my speed if it's too low?
If you ate junk food despite your diet, how would you feel like and what thoughts would you have?
Would someone be healthier if he/she did deep breathing all the time?
I am very thin, have a high metabolism and need to build up some fat and muscle. I'm 17 years old. How do I gain weight quickly?
Is there a scale for how unhealthy or healthy the ingredients are in our food and drinks?
How do I improve health?
What are some simple ways to maintain healthy eyes?
What is health and wellness tourism?
Which are the healthy habits for a long life?
Have you been trying to be healthier in your life?
Do potatoes lose calories when you boil them?
Does your body always register all food that comes in?
Aren't nutrition and lifestyle extremely important to good health?
How can I work more, sleep less and also stay healthy?
Why do I always have terrible breath after taking a nap?
Why is chicken and rice considered a healthy dish?
Do you know the health benefits of ginger?
Can I lose weight eating only ice cream?
Why do people who believe we have a time to die like "destiny", live a healthy lifestyle, wear seat belts, etc.?
What are some good 5 minute healthy and tasty vegetarian snacks?
I'm a 15-year-old girl who is 5'7 and I weigh 120 pounds. Should I lose weight?
I want to build mass, is it better to do 5 days isolated or 3 times compound exercise per week?
How long will it take to lose 10 pounds?
I know about exercise and eating healthy, but how do I make lasting changes that stick?
How does wearing far infrared reflecting pajamas affect your health and athletic performance?
What is nightfall? Is it a sign of bad health?
What is a good recommendation to eat a balanced diet?
How do I overcome fear of Anesthesia?
How should your stomach feel after eating a proper amount of food?
Why is Apple juice good for a person?
How many times mastaburating per a day is good for health?
How do I motivate myself to exercise and eat healthy?
What in addition to diet and exercise plays a role in weight loss?
How many times masturbating is healthy?
What exercise and dietary choices should I make to be as healthy as possible and what motivation tips can you give to help follow those choices?
Should I take Creatine if I am 14 and train every day?
What should I do to gain weight and enlarge my calves?
Can I live until I am 100 years old?
Is homemade pinni good for your health?
Why do I only listen to/enjoy listening to classical music and why am I embarrassed to tell people this?
Will I be overtraining if I train 6 days a week with a lower/upper body split?
What are the benefits of detoxing once a month?
What are some good side dishes for a Korean barbecue?
How can I eat healthy when I live at home with my parents, have no income and they refuse to buy me healthy food?
Is Tata Teaveda good for women’s health?
How healthy is Tutti Frutti?
What are dips good for?
How can you lose weight by dieting?
How many times did you fail in dieting before reaching your desired body?
Is masturbation really necessary to maintain one's health? Can one live and be healthy without practicing it at all?
Do healthy teenagers die from heart attacks?
Why are the veins in my arms bulging every since I started weight training a month ago?
How does one make healthy choices?
Are comfy expensive mattresses worth buying for as part of a healthy lifestyle?
How does a lazybones' day look like?
Is becoming a vegetarian or vegan good for your health?
How do you avoid unintentionally eating halal food?
What is the best known healthy diet for a person without a gallbladder?
Why am I gaining muscle and fat at the same time?
Why does a person changes personality when they lose a lot of weight?
Does sweat help fight acne?
I have gained weight and I don't feel attractive to my boyfriend anymore. How can I turn myself around and lose weight?
Do you know any online platform for crossfit or nutrition experts can sell their courses?
Is champagne good for your health?
Is it okay to skip breakfast nowadays?
Can a back pack injure your back?
What is the best plan for masturbating and stay healthy?
What is the importance of proteins and lipids in our food?
Should I stay in caloric deficit after losing weight?
I weigh 138 kg now, my goal is to weigh 100 kg. What should be my diet plan in order to achieve my goal?
If you had an extra hour in your day, how would you spend it?
Does eating dried cranberries have any negative impact on our health?
Have you tested the ph levels for your drinking water to make sure it's safe to drink?
Does my health get affected if I sleep only for 4 hours during night and I meditate for 1 hour during the day to compensate for the loss of sleep?
Is coffee bad for health?
How do plants contribute to healthy living?
How long can a healthy person live life in the current generation?
What is the difference between Being Healthy and being Fit? Can we be healthy but not fit or fit but not healthy?
What are your favorite smart home features?
Is doing sports at night bad for your health?
How is proper fasting done?
Is Coregasm good or bad for health?
What is the best way to manage a healthy drinking lifestyle?
How do I lose weight and be lanky?
Is there a relation between lack of soreness after working out and vegan diet?
Is doing sports, and sleeping well going to affect your growth?
Can I lose weight from eating only coffee, water and a fruit a day in 2 months?
Is simple beautiful?
What meal to taken before excerise?
What exercise should I be doing for my body composition?
Do people who've never used illicit drugs feel they've missed out on experiences, or even potential emotions and feelings that their brains are capable of?
How will wireless communication deprive our health?
What are the three main nutrients that provide energy?
Is too much protein in the diet bad?
Is Icecream good for health?
What must be the diet for a teenager who wants to live fit?
Other than coffee, what are some examples of foods, vitamins and other items that will result in vasoconstriction?
How can body fat be reduced?
Is it dangerous for the health to workout often in a room which is less areated?
How do we use the Fibonacci sequence to differentiate between healthy and sick lungs?
Do you find it confusing to eat healthfully?
What are some health benefits of louts?
How healthy is too healthy?
Why is belly fat so hard to lose in adults?
What are the health and psychological benefits of running before dawn?
What kind of people don't floss their teeth?
Why do naturally skinny people run?
Is it possible that I cannot function well in the same room with my sibling-sister that annoys me? (with whom I have not-so-good relation)
What are the effects on health of shame?
If we neglect to take care of other humans to care of the humans under our responsibility, does this show we do not have humanity?
If hypnotherapy really effective to change behaviour?
Why do people like to consume?
Does cuddling with a dog relieve stress?
Why do people start drinking?
Why do people make me sick?
What stops people from exercising?
Why do people smoke when the risks are so serious?What can be done to discourage them?
Which type of swimsuit is the best for thin-framed people?
Is there scientific evidence that people are more likely to get ill before exams?
Is it normal that sometimes the thought of killing myself gives me a sense of relief?
Do thin people usually get diabetes?
Why do people eat unhealthy food if they know it's unhealthy?
Why do so many people seem to defy medical predictions that "you'll never walk again"?
Why do people celebrate with unhealthy things like alcohol and cake, but not healthy food?
How do we get people to stop drinking and driving?
What does healthy food mean to you when people least care about themselves?
Why do some people get so tired at night?
Are people with depression more likely to be left-wing?
How do people who follow strict diets socialize?
How do you report a person for a wellness check?
Is frequent masturbation normal for girls? And why do I feel bad after doing it?
Is it true that if I think too much about a disease, it will really happen to me?
Should hospitals be able to deny employment to people who are overweight/obese or otherwise unhealthy?
Health: How do I undo / suppress the damage of sitting?
Is it rude or uncouth not to cover your mouth when you cough if you're on your own?
Do people eat according to the food's nutrition value?
What can I do to stop bingeing at night?
What are some reasons that might cause constant sleepiness?
Is there an interest on educating people to their health?
Is it bad to prefer not taking on many responsibilities?
Whenever I'm furiously angry, my nose starts to gush blood at a 0.5 drop per second tempo for 15 or more minutes. Is that something serious to look into?
Why would someone smoke oregano? Are there any health risks or benefits?
What makes a person feel sleepy?
What would be the possible reasons for woman to stay inside of home instead of being out?
Is it bad for a 16 year old to be nocturnal?
Do obese people have to have psychological/social support to drop over 100 pounds and keep it off?
What are the health benefits of peeing standing up?
Is it possible to detect a disease in a person by observing their mannerisms?
Why is it that people (more often than not) advise against going to gym: myths or scientific reasons?
Why are some people are more prone to deep self-analyzing and self-mastering/actualization?
Do people who sleep a lot shrink less over their lifetime?
Why do you put all sick people together in a hospital?
Are some people immune to antidepressant medication?
Is drinking acohol bad?
Why do people become obese?
Why do people snort pills?
Is homesteading going to go away since most people rely on the supermarket?
Why can't people stop drinking though they know it's bad for their health and it makes some conflicts or a miserable life?
Has any seemingly healthy person ever gone to bed as normal and woken up completely blind?
How do people cope with having chronic paresthesia?
What is mental masturbation?
Why do people get surprised when they hear a very fat girl has a boyfriend? Aren't fat people humans?
How do so many people manage to function perfectly well when they are evidently unhealthy and rarely exercise?
What are the ill-effects of not crying when you should?
If we eliminated death by illness or natural causes, how would human nature change?
How can we get young people to care more about their health?
How can you treat geliophobia using psychology?
Why do people get tired even when they are sitting in a bus or a plane?
How do I manage hunger with no appetite?
What are some possible reasons someone may find himself unable to do any mental hard working?
Are there any supplements that increase appetite?
Why does people get bald at younger age?
Does daily masturbating lead to depression, anxiety, and weakness?
What is Addicted about?
How does people without large intenstine survive?
Why do some people condemn consuming alcohol (health reasons)? Don't they know anything not in moderation has ill-effects?
People have different diets based on location, availability and religion. Some are vegetarian while others are non-vegetarian. How is it that no nutritional deficiency can be attributed to people from a specific location, religion or preference?
What happen if I masturbate several times per week?
Which is a good genuine group on net to help obese people like me?
Can people with cochlear implants hear when someone is talking?
How can I overcome embarrassment about an increased weight and fat?
Do food, exercises, and climate have influence on one's mood? If so, how do these things influence?
Can stupidity be cured?
How does PCP affect a person physically?
What happens if a person stays in a dark room for a long time?
Why do some people burp or fart so loudly in public?
How do you calm someone down if they aren’t able to give or withhold consent but won’t give assent to medical procedure like cardioversion?
Give me some tricks for masturbation?
Do economists smoke weed?
How do people get a fever?
What do you say to some self-obsessed people who always claim that they too thin and they don't put on weight at all, even though while looking at them you feel they are not so skinny?
Is it okay for someone to gossip about someone else's serious health problems?
Who gets more disturbed by being hungry, fat or thin people?
Why do people like maggi noodles even after knowing that nestle put all us in jeopardy?
Do people who get sweat easily can not stand cold temperature?
How can narcissist become healthy?
Why do some people breathe from their mouths?
Do people get phantom pains during withdrawal from opioid painkillers?
How do I prevent myself from smoking?
Are obese people more empathic than skinny/normal/whatever you call it ones?
Men's Health: I am 19 and mastrubate daily, is this normal? How will it affect my health?
How often do people have little symptoms that they don't go to the doctor for?
Is it normal to wash your palms every 10-15 minutes?
How long does it take to become physically addicted to alcohol?
What's normal, whipping standing up or sitting down?
What are the top 5 things 90% of the people get wrong?
Why do some people get hiccups when they eat?
As an introvert, does associating with people online make you tired?
What is the psyche of people behind health product?
What are the consequences of masturbating everyday? I masturbate once a day and sometimes its thrice? Is it normal?
How will behaviour change impact all of the dimensions of wellness?
Why are some people more energetic?
Why do people get cold and fever during exams?
Why are people indifferent about their health? Why do so many people smoke and consume fast food while they are all aware and educated?
Does everyone always shower after taking a poop if possible?
Why do people consider fat women "real" and skinny women "fake"?
If humans started to work during the night and sleep during the day, would the next generation of humans be nocturnal?
Psychiatry: Is this only a Distraction or some mental health issue?
Why to people actually want to get sick to avoid doing things they dread?
Why does the same person is treated nicely when she looks good, but treated badly when this person does not look as good anymore?
Why don't some people care about their own health?
Who does masturbation?
What's the longest you've gone without seeing another person?
Is being sarcastic bad for your health?
How do people develop physical inactivity? How does it affect our health?
Why isn't there a cure for mental deterioration and panic disorder when so many people are disabled, homeless inefficient and simply broken?
Instead of anti- smoking ad campaigns and making normal people feel bad about themselves, why can't the govt just ban cigarettes?
Why do people talk about free healthcare while it's not " free " at all?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Why would you want to break your own wrist?
Is it normal for the ribs and backribs to show?
Do doctors take advantage of people who don't know enough about medicine and how their body works?
How frequently can one masturbate without health concerns?
Why are so many people in America allergic to peanuts?
How often do people with chronic migraines have them stop recurring for good?
What do MMA fighters do when they get sick? Both When Training for a fight, and the Day OF/BEFORE the Fight?
Would you eat food off the ground?
Why does alcohol reduce essential tremor short term but it's worse the day after?
What is the most you can masturbate without it affecting you?
What types of "rules" do people use to govern healthy eating?
What are the ways in which music has changed you for the better?
Why we resist taking a bath, knowing that it is good?
Do other people pound (bang) on their head when they have a headache?
Is is it normal to change opinions and feelings about stuff/people a lot all the time? Like multiple times on the same day
Why do people always insist that becoming vegan is a personal choice?
What is the human dosage of acepromazine?
How can yawning be neuro-physiologically described?
Why do some people get sick on car rides?
Why should we forgive or tolerate people who deny climate change any longer as if civility were a better option?
Which is more harmful sitting or lying down?
What misconceptions do people have about fat people?
What is the cause of a sudden loud hiccups?
Psychology of Everyday Life: How can people unable to work due to disabilities live so relaxed?
In India do people care about disposable tableware's quality and hygiene?
Do people judge you if you've been sick for an extended period of time (3+ years)?
Why do people get sick after finals week?
Does crying out aloud have benefits, especially to your heart?
How do I recover from three sleepless nights?
Why do people say do not go outside after sneezing?
Why am I more hungry when I'm not going to school.
Why do we have a sudden urge to drink water after eating anything sweet?
Does poor customer behavior make employees stressed out?
Would you get cryogenically frozen? Why?
Is it considered bulimic if you make yourself get sick because the food you just ate makes you feel bad (bloated/ill)?
What are some ways the current 1st world lifestyle is making us fat?
Why do we wake up sad when we go to sleep in the evening/afternoon?
How do I bulk up but stay fit without gaining weight?
Would working out for an hour a day, 5 days a week, enhance my academic performance?
What is the correct diet and exercise for me given the following information?
What are some organizations that promote sports?
I am an Indian male (my eating habits are based on Indian cuisine) weighing 90+ kgs. I hate going to gym, but I enjoy jogging/walking/playing outside. What kind of exercises can I undertake to primarily lose weight? Should I follow any special diet?
Should I starve to get a flat stomach?
How can I make myself go to sleep without wearing myself out completely?
Are there negative effects from consuming too much protein?
Why do men in my family feel the need to make comments about my weight?
What is a good beauty regimen for an aspiring male model?
How is it possible to have a heart attack if you eat healthy, exercise daily, and are not overly stressed?
What are simple, healthy, and cheap meals to stay healthy?
Specific marker that is elevated in liver injury due to smoking?
How many adults should a slightly overweight (by 4kgs) adult eat daily?
Is 1300 calories per day too much for me to lose weight?
How can I undo all the damage that has been done to my health by myself over the years?
What is proof stress?
1234
How do I get rid of a stuck word out of my head?
Is it essential to optimize diet with workout or only workout will do to build muscle?
Is it alright to drink honey water in the morning (on an empty stomach) before a workout session?
Have you suffered any adverse health effects from electronic cigarettes?
Which are the best exercises for a healthy life?
What are the useful tricks to maintain healthy relationships?
What should I do to become healthy without workout?
How important is protein for our body, especially for someone who wants to lose weight?
What can we learn about our health through our urine?
How do we prolong our lives and be healthy?
My fat level is at 37%. I keep my diet to 1,200 calories, do 60 minutes cardio and 45 minutes heavy lifting 5 days a week for more than a year. I've only lost 5kg. What am I doing wrong?
What is the cheapest healthy and fatty food?
How can I get very fit?
Will I gain fat or muscle if I add this protein diet to my diet?
What are the best inspirational before and after photos of losing weight after 40?
Why does counting calories work very well for many if a calorie is not a calorie and some say it does not work?
What is maximum healthy number of flight hours?
Is it possible to learn squash at the age of 20?
What has trial and error taught you about how different foods make you feel or how helpful certain foods are or aren't in the process of performing well as an athlete or when working out?
Cardiovascular Fitness: What would happen if I ate something like a cheeseburger and fries and right after did 30 minutes of cardio?
What is the right diet for a long healthy life?
Do you know the health benefits of ginger?
How do I reduce stress and tension? What are the best stress reducing exercises?
What are your best advices for weightloss?
How can I learn to take care of my body instead of overeating, consuming junk food, not exercising, etc.?
How much in healthcare savings does one accrue by engaging in daily or regular exercise?
How important is it to eat immediately after working out — and how much of what type of food at what time is best for muscle growth and fat loss?
What is the best food post workout?
What is a good diet and exercise plan for an aspiring male fashion model?
What is the best therapy to do to relieve stress?
Should I stop using febreeze and lysol in my house because of all the harmful chemicals in them?
What can my mother (59, left partially paralyzed due to stroke) do to live a happy and healthy life of retirement?
I'm a 15-year-old girl who is 5'7 and I weigh 120 pounds. Should I lose weight?
What should be added/changed to a diet and exercise regimen if the goal is having a body like that of a greek statue?
Can I lose weight by going to the gym and not gain any musculature in the process?
Would eating a whole loaf (570 grams) of purple wheat bread from a local bakery a day be that bad if you're very active?
What would you get rid of in America if you could?
If too little and too much sex BOTH increase prostate cancer risk, what is the "perfect" number or range of times a week someone should have sex?
Is it healthy to use hairspray everyday?
Have you ever used self defense, and harmed someone? What did you do?
Is there any evidence that exercise is beneficial if you're not overweight?
What are the chances of growing for a 21-year-old guy?
If you say that life is a game, what kind of a game could it be?
Could I get toned by just doing Jillian Michael videos at home and eating healthy?
What kinds of different seeds should we eat for a healthy lifestyle?
People who weigh 100 kilos or who measure two meters in height, can they reach 100 years of age?
Is paneer good for your health?
What is stopping people from changing their poor behavior regarding diet and exercise?
What will happen if your body intakes too much protein? Will it help muscles grow bigger or will it have a negative effect?
What exercises help to quickly lose weight (in gym)?
Can you make strength gains while cutting fat?
What do you think is more important: being healthy or having fun?
Do people care about their health?
What are your personal/professional/business vision/mission/purpose statements?
What does your juicing routine look like in the morning?
What are the most interesting fitness/health-related start-ups (or products) out there?
How can a beginner learn to box?
As a 21 year old beginner, how do I start exercising for beginners at home?
What food/exercise combo works best to stop weight gain whilst eating competitively?
Is it healthy to lose weight as it is done on "The Biggest Loser"?
What could have the greatest and best impact on the life of a person?
Why are Banfield Wellness Plans so expensive?
Why is fructose sometimes portrayed as better than sucrose?
What is the true diet/exercise ratio?
How do you find the sweet spot between eating healthily and exercise?
What is an ideal diet for an Indian vegetarian, who is looking to build muscles and remove all stored fat from his/her body, assuming he/she trains 4 days a week and does cardiovascular exercises for 30 minutes 3 days a week?
How do you prevent your metabolism from catching up with you as you age and are no longer able to keep up the same workout intensity?
I have a pear shaped body. What should my diet and exercise be like?
Should I consume whey or casein protein for breakfast?
Does exercise expedite the processing of caffeine?
What is a list of fruits with many seeds?
Will weight loss result in a reduction of insulin needed for type 2 diabetes?
When working out in the morning, is it detrimental to not eat beforehand?
What is something I can do to get fit and have fun?
What is the healthiest way to sanitize dishes?
What are some innovative posters for diabities control and healthy life?
How healthy is Yogurtland?
Is it time to start practicing with carbo loading and blood transfusions for my daily runs?
What is the best way for a friend, family member or doctor to get a loved one or friend to exercise and eat more healthily?
How often must I have green tea in a day?
In which countries women are the most active (sport)?
What do I need to do daily to keep my vocal chords healthy?
What's the best mediterranean food or meal chart you've ever seen?
For an active/athletic individual, why are simple sugars so bad?
How do I train myself to eat less, exercise more, and study harder using operant conditioning?
If I want to lose a bit of stomach fat and add a bit of muscle, which should I focus on first?
How do friends help us reduce stress?
What is the proper balance of water, electrolytes, protein, complex carbohydrate and simple carbohydrate for maximum absorption and performance during an endurance event?
I want to lose 12 kgs in 2 months.What diet plan and exercise should I follow. If anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?
If you could live 200 years and still be healthy, would you want to?
What should I eat to become healthy?
How much fish oil should one take per day in combination with exercise if looking to use it to help drop body fat percentage?
I'm 17 and I go to the gym every other day. What should I be eating to supplement my work-out? And how much amount?
I have 5 weeks until I go to the beach and want to be as fit/ripped as humanly possible. If I had to stick to the strictest diet and workout, what would they be?
Is vegetarianism or non-vegetarianism better with respect to health disorders?
I am severely obese. What will 4 years no exercise and poor eating habits do to my body and is it at all possible for me to lose all my body fat and get abs if I change my lifestyle habits?
Why do I keep sabotaging my own weight loss efforts?
How many meals per day should I have and at what intervals for a slow muscle building programme?
Can sleep, clean air, exercise, and healthy living improve your general levels of motivation?
How can I keep motivated to achieve my goals of eating healthily and doing fitness while always changing the country I live in?
What is the best exercise for the inner thighs?
What does it feel like to have low body fat?
How many times did you fail in dieting before reaching your desired body?
Is it ok to have a Clif Bar for lunch if you don't plan to do any exercise that afternoon or is there too much sugar and too many calories for it to be a good option?
Is it bad to go to the gym 5 days a week straight as long as you switch up the exercises?
Is it true that maintaining a flat tummy depends on eating habits (95%) as compared to exercising (only 5%)?
What is the most uncommon health advice?
I am getting fat. What is the best exercise and eating routine for a newbie?
How much calories get burned by hand-gripper exercise?
Is it possible for an obese guy to become slim and have 6 pack abs?
Is this a healthy breakfest for body building and putting on mass, while keeping a low body fat percentage?
What health benefits do I get by watching porn?
What is the 'No-nonsense, sure-to-work Dummies Guide to go from 20% body fat to 10%'?
What are the key elements for being on a high, stable level of energy throughout the day?
Why are the veins in my arms bulging every since I started weight training a month ago?
What area of the body will lose weight by cutting out soda?
Why do diabetic patients refuse to exercise and eat right?
What is the best motivation for a healthier lifestyle?
Gyms and Workout Facilities: Which exercise will be helpful in improving the shape and size of skinny legs in men?
I just had this much food for breakfast. I have been eating well. How can I be this hungry?
Is it possible to be heavy but not fat?
What should be my diet routine to improve my health?
What will you do to get rid of stress?
What should a person do when feeling pain at their desk?
Is it hard to maintain a good health in a busy city life?
How can I get rid of my Red Bull energy drink addiction?
Is it unhealthy to run immediately after eating?
Will running daily alongside a healthy diet help with weight loss? How far should I run?
What are some food recommendations for a strict diet?
How big is the home gym industry?
Does a lot of oil in food make it hard for you to loose fat? I'm starting to eat a lot of Indian/Pakistani food lately and I'm pretty sure it has a lot of oil (along with a lot of spices). Can I loose fat with cardio if I eat this stuff? Or should I not be eating it at all?
What are the mobile apps that are most effective in improving people's health and wellness?
I want to lose belly fat and gain more muscle mass. What exercises and diet plans can help me in achieving that?
What are your favorite post-workout smoothie and/or protein shake recipes?
What are the basics for a healthy lifestyle?
How do I get rock-hard abs?
What are the best foods to eat following an intense hour long workout in order to stave off hunger for the remainder of the day?
I am unable to lose weight after a certain point even though I am still overweight. Why?
What are the minimum basic exercises and yoga to do in order to stay young, fit, and healthy?
Human Physiology: How soon after eating a meal can I exercise without affecting the overall digestion?
What are people saying about Complete Metabolism?
What's it like to be happier with the way you look, after working out and eating well for a while?
How can controlling calories intake help to lose weight?
How can I remove my love handles without losing weight?
I am a 19 year old skinny guy. How can I get a lean muscular athlete's body? Please look at the details below and answer accordingly.
What are the health benefits of drinking human blood?
What are the best training methodologies?
Is the calorie contents of food the single and most important factor in dieting?
Is it generally healthy for all people to eat one large avocado per day?
What is an effective exercise routine for a regular, 30 to 45-minute session? Objective: keep fit and lose fat.
Why don't overweight people eat less and exercise more to lose weight, instead of trying ineffective and expensive diets or programs?
Is it possible to control our body temperatures, thereby reducing the metabolic rates and helping in weight gain?
Is there anything special about Clinique La Prairie?
Are strong healthy women more sexy?
What are the health benefits of sunlight?
Age:23 years, Weight:82 kg, Height:5'6". My body mass index is 27.7 which is in the overweight category. I want to cut down my weight to 70 kg in a period of 2-3 months. What should I do so that it has no side effects and can lead to long term results?
How flawed and outdated is the body mass index (BMI) measurement? Why?
Someone on the Internet said that you need to overeat your favorite foods to burn as much fat as possible as a possible truth. What do you think of that statement?
Why have I been so forgetful recently?
What are you doing to stay physically healthy and for drug addiction recovery?
I want to lose weight. Before starting my exercise and diet regimen, I want to get my body cleansed. Are there any tablets available in India which can cause loose motions?
Why is belly fat the most difficult, and last, fat to go?
Does drinking milk cause lactic acid buildup in muscles?
How do you customize a weight loss and exercise plan for yourself?
What are some good foods and other natural methods to slow down an overactive GI peristalsis in the mornings of each day?
What are some health tips to live a healthy life?
What causes vomiting during intense exercise?
What's the healthiest food item or meal you can buy for 10$ dollars or less in North America (Canada & USA) that is super healthy and fills you up?
What are people doing to achieve the goals of eating better and exercising more in 2014?
How effective is L-arginine as a pre-workout supplement? When should it be consumed before a workout?
What are the most essential nutrients, which foods do you find them in, and what are some tips and tricks(about nutrition) to bear in mind while consuming food everyday?
How can I gain muscle on a low protein diet?
What is the importance of proteins and lipids in our food?
Will I gain weight if I sleep for three hours after a meal for maybe 20 minutes?
Should I stay in caloric deficit after losing weight?
What do you love about exercising?
What food should an Indian boy eat to get 1200 calories per day?
Where can I find the most accurate nutrition data on-line?
How do I stop eating junk food?
Have you tested the ph levels for your drinking water to make sure it's safe to drink?
How to live a natural life and be healthy?
Is eating 100 gm of soaked green gram with vegetables, and 3 slices of jam spread brown bread enough for a healthy dinner? As I am hoping to reduce 5 kg of my weight.
How much money do you spend daily?
We all hear that proper and right nutrition/diet for bodybuilding is just as important as the right exercises, but what exactly is that diet?
What are some non traditional sports, and how famous are they?
What makes life healthy?
Is it healthier to live on the first floor or on the top floor?
Which health drink you prefer, and what makes you buy it?
Can I exercise regularly while following a nutritarian lifestyle?
How can I make my body healthy?
How do you get rid of armadillos?
Can pasting exercise demo chart posters in bedroom help to develop stretching practise habit development?
Can someone make me an example of a programme to lose weight and gain muscle?
Is a medical tatoo available for a healthy person?
What are the exercises one should do just-before or just-after a meal for improving digestion?
Can you exercise directly after eating?
How could a person compose a compelling and practical, personal, professional, business vision, or mission, or purpose statement?
How should I lower stress?
What are the best ways to beat stress?
What should you eat before going for a run, and how long beforehand should you eat it?
What is the best diet and exercise for teens?
Should I eat protein before bed?
Are there any controversies about famous people which everyone needs to know?
Is red pepper harmful to your health?
What can I do with my wife who is very fat and not really willing to follow proper diet plan and exercises?
My grandparents are both pretty unhealthy. Each of them are overweight and one is a diabetic yet they continue to eat unhealthy and get minimal exercise. I know I can't make them do anything, but what are some ways I can encourage/help them start to take the steps to a healthier life style?
What evidence is there for/against evolutionary change in humans since the paleolithic?
What are the best foods to eat for getting to that last step of finally having rippling 6-pack abs?
Most of the students in your class take a lot of time to play any outdoor games. How should they should try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What are the best foods to eat after late (ish) night training, about 90 mins before bed?
Should I stop counting calories now that I've reached my target weight?
Is it better to eat poorly (fast food, alcohol, take out, etc) and exercise daily OR to eat healthy home cooked meals, not drink, and do no exercise at all?
What are some great high-protein snack?
What is the best way to motivate a woman to lose weight?
Which foods and routines are best for fast healing and anti-aging of the body?
What exercises can be performed at the gym to target upper and lower back?
What are some pasta sauce recipes that don't include tomatoes?
What habits do you think make up the perfectly healthy lifestyle?
Is the impact of 10,000 steps a day equal to 70,000 steps a week?
I'm naturally fit, why should I start to work out?
What is the function of cholesterol?
Can skipping (jumping rope) help lose weight? What is the correct way of doing it in order to lose the maximum amount of weight?
Is it possible to lose weight and decrease BMI, without much change in body fat percentage?
What sort of lifestyle should I have if I don't want to avoid carbs to maintain a fit BMI?
How much calories do burn after having sex?
Is it OK to drink carbonated water during a heavy workout instead of plain water?
I follow a nutritional approach to staying healthy, who should I trust when it comes to science based professional advice on healthy eating?
Why saturated hydrocarbons are bad for health?
What is the best pill to lose weight and lose man boobs?
What are the best stretches for a stiff neck?
What are your personal goals for the new year?
What diet changes need to be made when going from a cardio intensive to weight training?
What's the purpose of non-team sports?
What are some muscle building and weight gain hacks?
How can I train my fast twitch muscles?
What is an ideal back workout to do at home?
I'm a single parent interested in Aquaponics. I have a budget of ~$100 to start & no supplies. What is the simplest/basic way to start? Thank you!
Is sex bad everyday?
What should I eat to help grow muscle mass?
What are some good studies on what food you should consume before and after a workout for optimum results?
If you are to eat only at McDonalds for the rest of your life, what would you eat to stay healthy and fit?
If working hard have bad effects on my health, should I stop it?
Is it better to eat high glycemic index foods before running?
Why are we eating sweets although we know it's really bad for our health?
How do we increase the immunity of our body?
If I'm a skinny man who wants to gain muscle mass, must I avoid alcohol?
Is it possible that your body starts becoming dependent on health products after consistent use at a young age?
Does eating dinner earlier in the evening help with weight loss?
How can I start eating healthy as a teenager?
How do rock stars live so long with all the drink, drugs and smoking?
What are the best proven ways to increase your immunity?
Can I really lose weight on NutraSlim HCA?
Are workplace romances healthy?
I want to lose my weight, but my schedule is too tight for me to go out for jogging or exercises. Is there some way where I can lose my weight in my daily routine, like some diet tips?
How big of an impact does exercise have on lowering cholesterol?
Do you find it confusing to eat healthfully?
If I count my calories to the T and exercise everyday will I lose weight? I eat 1200 a day, mainly meat and vegetables. I don; t eat rice and sweets.
Is it hard to maintain a healthy diet while working or studying full-time? If so, why?
Diabetes: What are the best ways to control blood sugar via lifestyle/daily living (diet, exercise, etc.)?
How is grapefruit helpful for weight loss?
Is having different opinions in a relationship healthy?
If hair is dead, then how can it be healthy?
How does one decide whether to act on feeling or thoughts? I've always acted on what would be best for my mental health. Are there any reasons or situations I shouldn't?
Why is farting so fun?
How does one know when they're doing too much or too little when depressed?
Can you become physically dependent on melatonin supplements?
Why are people so mean to fat people?
Is it harmful to check my phone in the morning?
Do our emotions affect our physical heath? How exactly?
What are some of the psychological tricks to stop the urge to eat?
Is it normal for my muscles to be noticeably disproportionate or structured differently?
Can I stop severe, excessive blushing?
If one does not have eyes, cannot hear, cannot smell, cannot feel touch and cannot taste, how is it possible to learn?
Does the absorbtion and effects Strattera (amoxetine) take less time to act once the individual has been taking it for an extended amount of time?
Will my actions, words, behaviors, even health impact my child?
On average, how many times do humans cry per day?
What are some good early morning habits?
Is it (more often than not) possible to tell from the voice alone if a person is fat?
Is it unhealthy to be objective about everything?
Why do people not exercise and get fat when they know it'll cause health issues and premature death?
Shouldn't counsellors study healthy people too?
Why do fat people prefer to use skinny jeans instead of regular fit?
Why do girls cross their legs when they lay down?
Can you be exhausted from thinking too much?
Is it possible to get cancer of pre-existing cancer?
What should I do when I dont like my body being fat?
What are some reasons why someone might have long term dizziness?
Does smoking cigarettes make people moody?
How can I prevent getting a fecalith?
Why is it that after a shower my skin starts itching like crazy?
Why do I feel the need to defecate when I feel extremely nervous?
What behavior can cause eye cancer?
Why do so many people spend time onto the internet？Is it worthwhile?
Is it true vegan/vegetarians get longer lives, but spend that extra time on the toilet?
India: Do indians still wear the Yajñopavīta? and do the initiation rituals?
What are some problems that physically and mentally challenged people have?
How do you handle living with your soon to be in-law when they do something which destroys what little health you have every time they do it?
What are some of the underlying causes of kleptomania? Is it possible to grow out of the behavior?
Your answer moved me. Many on both sides think like you. Is there anything ordinary people can do to heal the wounds?
Why some people get body pain in cloudy environment?
What does it mean when certain articles say that skinny people have more efficient partitioning of nutrients to their needs?
Do people get tired of the constant outrageous tirades from Trump?
Is too much testosterone a bad thing?
What are once popular things people used to do that still have merit?
Why is PMK potrayed negatively in the media?
What health mistakes do most people make?
Why do my mind and body work so much better at night?
What's the difference between a person before and after a season of distance running training?
Why do I think poorly of other fat teens but I am a fat teen?
What is it called when someone starts hyperventilating instead of getting upset? Why does this happen?
Why don't people talk about Vivian Murdock, the first child with Autism? Or one patient, whose father is Frederick Wellman, a plant pathologist?
What are some seemingly harmless things that are actually detrimental to your health?
Why do people pass out when they are shocked?
 Why do I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and feel like I have a better perspective of death?
What are care values? How does it relate to health and social care?
Why do we like foods that are bad for us? Isn't it against the survival instinct?
How do scale & complexity of systems interact to affect human and environmental systems? -social studies
Is it normal to have worms in your taquitos?
Why do people who are physically fit usually have strong minds?
Why does my face turn red whenever I say something in class?
What are the ways to treat blepharitis?
What are some negative health behaviors?
Why are good people always prone to injustice?
What do you hate the most about receiving health advice from your doctor?
If smoking is bad, why don't people sell straight nicotine?
What are some researched explanations for dyslexia and why people have it?
What is pernio chilblains? How can you treat it?
Why do skinny people who don't exercise not get fat?
I feel physically unwell too when I know my ex is unwell. My severity tends to be on a lower level but lasts longer. Why is this happening?
What could it signify if your body craves mayonnaise? I look forward to joke and serious answers?
What are the things you discover in health that nobody know (Not the majority, but nobody)?
How do I treat a shoe-bite?
Is it true that we can make any person a butcher, if conditioned properly since childhood?
What is something addictive and healthy?
How can I be a good wife when I struggle with health issues and it seems to make him mad?
Is there scientific evidence that vaccinations are harmful? Why do people choose not to vaccinate their children?
What happens to the neck muscles when a person yawns?
What are the best and worst allied health careers for someone who's clumsy?
Why do people choose to be fat?
How can I treat a bump on my head?
Why do some people shake their legs up and down while sitting during class?
Is it ok to be lazy how does it effect your health there are many lazy people that have encountered no health risks at all?
What causes lumps behind the head? How do you treat them?
How do I lose my gut?
What makes a person more energetic?
Do you think people will do ANYTHING for a full stomach?
Why doesn't my mother buy sun screen? She says that it's really bad for you but so does not wearing any sunscreen
Why do people 'let themselves go' during the holiday season?
How can I stop impulsive behavior when it come to alcohol and drugs?
Why do people exercise?
Why is it like easy to start drinking and smoking and difficult to get rid of them?
When we are trying to not cry, why do we feel that lump in our throat?
Do ambulances make it a priority to take people to public hospitals or do they just take them to any nearby health center?
Is it common for autistic people to have hyper mobile joints?
Health: Why do some people have unhealthy lifestyle？?
What is an exercise that is good for people with asthma?
Why I have too much frustation in my mind and too much hatred and anger towards every person around me?
Could Facebook be potentially more harmful to young people than television was alleged to be?
How many people do you need for a healthy gene pool?
Why am I feeling lazy and sleepy all through the day but not at night?
How can we avoid mindless snacking?
Why do younger people experience time as longer while elder people experience it as shorter?
Does excessive seratonin makes you aggressive and why?
Why is Albuterol recommended to treat coughs?
What is that nobody tells you about your health?
What is the best way to deal with people who criticize the decision to eat healthfully and how should I decline their alternative offers?
Which is the safest country for human beings with respect to pollution, food adulteration & pesticide residues?
Is there such a thing as saying I love you to your boyfriend too much? Is every day too much?
Why are some people naturally skinny?
Which kind of people get treatment from psychologist and which kind of people get treatment from psychiatrist?
Why do some people never seem tired? How could one be like them?
Is there a role of genetics in how long a person can run?
How can you tell a person is really healthy by only looking at him/her?
Why does chicken soup make people feel better when they are sick?
How do you treat a Myoma?
What are some things most people unknowingly do on a daily basis that deteriorates health?
Would single-payer healthcare be easier to pass if certain people still had to pay some portion out of pocket, and certain people did not?
Is post-surgical irritability normal?
With the issues surrounding the VA, why can't the US enact a policy for all health facilities to care and treat veterans at little or no cost?
Does the age at which certain things become safe change from person to person?
How do people become resistant to diseases?
What are some healthy ways for a person to fulfill a need for more attention?
How do you treat mastoid lumps?
Why is it so hard for people to do what they know they need to do and also know how to do?
How can I stop worrying about my health so much?
Why do people stretch when they're tired?
Do you hate extremely skinny people?
What are some ways I can reduce my urge and need to burn things?
Is it harmful to read on your phone before bedtime?
How can you treat a bibasilar platelike atelectasis?
Why don't people see the contradiction between allowing all refugees into a country and maintaining social programs such as free health care?
What are the causes of diplococci?
How do I know if my body is 100% healthy?
How do you treat a distended eardrum?
Is lethargy innate or acquired from childhood observations/environment?
Can your thoughts harm you?
Why do people go for enema?
Why do people say masturbation causes weakness? Is it true?
What can be done to treat alcohlics?
Is it harmful to talk to one person everyday?
How often can one mastrubate?
Why do my senses sometimes get switched? Why do I sometimes hear on my right side what s on my left side, and the other way around?
Without food, who survives longer: a lean person or a fat person?
What are the most important nutrients besides protein for building muscle and for maximising muscle efficiency/removing limiting factors in exercise?
Where can I get a vegetarian diet chart for a week?
Do some people need more than the usual 2,000 or 2,300 calories a day?
Is there any diet plan to lose love handles?
What should I take for energy between workouts?
How does eating during exercise affect a workout?
What should I eat before a workout?
How many days will be required to see the effect of your workout and diet?
Is it possible that you need to eat more in order to get your 6-pack abs?
How can I get into the best shape of my life without without the proper diet?
Is it better to go for a walk after a meal or before a meal?
What causes over-eating in the time of stress and heavy work?
Is eating 500 calorie less than your recommended daily calorie intake same as losing 500 calories through aerobic excercise if I take the recommended daily calorie intake?
What are the best meal plan, exercise program and supplements to build bulk and a strong body type?
Does eating a heavy meal after working out give you the best results?
What is a good food to consume after a workout?
Is bodybuilding healthier than purely doing cardio or crossfit?
Will this diet help me gain weight and go healthy?
How can you plan a diet and a exercise plan to lose 100 pounds in 6 months?
How can a 18 year old lean guy gain muscle mass on a non-vegetarian diet, without supplements, over 4 weeks?
I'm watching my diet and exercising, but not losing fat. Why not?
What should be the perfect diet for a gym going person?
What's the best calisthenic diet for a 17-year-old beginner who trains 4 days out of 7 ?
What is the best way to get healthier in a month between jobs?
I am 21 and I am diabetic. If I manage to balance the calories in and calories out through intense workout, then can I eat like a normal person?
Besides dwelling on the negative consequences to my physical and mental health, how can I motivate myself each day to eat right and exercise?
What's the difference between making fat cells empty so they are invisible but they are still there and not having fat cells at all?
On my cardio day, what should I eat a 1/2 hour before?
Will exercise help prevent aging caused from eating too much sugar and carbs?
I really want to lose some weight and be slimmer but I just can't keep consistently exercising and sometimes can't help eating a lot. What can I do about it?
When attempting to shed weight, would one focus on total or net calories?
What should be the diet for a skinny guy who started body building a week ago?
What are some good diets and exercise ideas for a 14-year-old who is about or close to 4 foot 9?
When you are doing Atkins and in ketosis, how is it possible to consume 4000 calories/day and still lose weight?
I am a hosteler & am chubby. I don't find healthy foods at hostel and my college. I get only fast food items and meals at college & at hostel its meals but I don't like the curry so I started eating only curd rice. Suggest a possible food diet so that I don't become over fat and look good and fit?
What time gap should I maintain between yoga and having food?
What do you eat before and after a workout? Is it better to eat before or after only?
How can I convince my girlfriend to exercise?
If I eat 10 grams of fat, my weight should at max gain be 10 grams. Then, why do people refrain from fats?
I work out few times a week and I'm quite muscular. How can I lower my body fat percentage quickly whilst minimizing muscle loss?
Would my metabolism slow down if I stop eating but still exercise?
Is drinking Coke Zero bad for your health, particularly with regards to weight gain?
Health: I am 40 years old and I want to keep my body fit and firm to sustain it habituated to work at any condition. What kind of diet do I need to maintain starting from breakfast to dinner. What food habits and with what kind of exercise should I take care of my body?
How can one get rid of a pear shaped body?
What's the best way in terms of food to gain muscle before and after working out?
I have been working out rigorously in the gym for 3 months. I have reduced the diet about a half and include cardio daily, but still not much effect can be seen on my fat belly or on my muscles. My weight loss is only approximately 3 kgs. Are there some better exercises or diet control plans for me to follow?
How much weight can an ectomorph guy gain?
What are some good, uncommon strength training, fitness, and health ideas put forth by Vince Gironda?
What is a healthier way of living for looking fit, young and beautiful while maintaining the same calorie deficit: eat less, exercise less or eat more and exercise more?
What if you kept eating small teaspoons of sugar, just enough to raise your blood sugar levels but not so much as to spike a large insulin responses. Would this aid you to run indefinitely?
How do I lose weight by going on an effective diet, one that I can stick to?
Can I grow old healthily if I stop going to the gym and only dance instead?
Is strength training with a minor diet enough for weight loss?
What is the most stripped down version of a "lose fat, gain muscle" workout routine and diet?
Is drinking milk good if I am aiming for fat loss by maintaining a low calorie diet? Also is it advisable to drink milk before a workout?
What is the best way to lose 17 kgs in 4 months with 2 cheat meals and no major dieting?
Should I prepare healthy food daily or exercise daily?
Some people will never lose weight trying to eat healthy. True or false?
If I eat McDonalds about 4 times a week, but am not overweight, hit the gym and lead a pretty active lifestyle, is it still very unhealthy for me and hurting me?
My weight is increasing slowly but only my belly is increasing, and no increase in biceps' thickness. What should I do?
What is the healthiest body fat percentage for a 19 year old female?
How do I stop eating and start working and exercising?
What is a realistic amount of weight to lose each week?
Where can I find a perfect diet chart with scheduled exercises to gain weight?
What are the best ingredients to put in a post workout smoothie?
What are the good diets for weight loss?
If I'm trying to lose weight and consume a shake with 2 scoops of whey protein, how much exercise must I get to not gain weight instead?
Has anyone had great success with the Fit Girl's Guide eBook from the Fit Girl's worldwide site?
What is the best way concerning diet and workout that doesn't affect lactation?
Are Honey Stinger Waffles healthy?
Is it advisable to eat something before a workout?
How can I have a lean and taut body in a few months? How should my workout plans and diet be?
I do half an hour of exercise daily and walk an hour as well. Porridge for breakfast, tuna and veg for lunch, and soup or some other light meal for dinner. I snack on fruit and never go over 1400 calories a day. I have not lost any inches! Advice on what more I need to be doing?
Is eating dry fruits good before a workout?
What should I eat if I go to the gym and what kind of protein?
I am way too skinny, wrists like sticks, face shrunk in, etc. How do I become normal looking in a span of 4-6 months?
If a woman is trying to get strong and muscular, but doesn't want to become "bulky", should she eat more or not?
How much weight will I lose if all I drink is water for a week and/or a month?
Why do women need folic acid before they become pregnant?
For 40- to 50-year-old males who exercise daily, what is your LDL level?
Exercise: Is it true your body burns calories faster if you eat after you run?
I want to go to the gym, but I'm eating less. Will eating less affect my body if I workout daily?
Is it true that exercising and eating regularly (not healthy diet) will increase your weight more than if you didn't exercise?
How do I get back my focus for dieting?
Is it better to eat fruit immediately before or after exercise or neither?
I have skinny arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured. Which diet and exercise should I follow to have a healthy body?
How often do patients follow the diet and exercise recommendations of doctors?
What's the best way to bulk up on a paleo diet?
Can breast fat be reduced by exercising and/or having balanced diet?
Should I focus more on strength training or cardio if I want to lose over 300 pounds of fat?
How much time will it take to get from 11% to 6-8% body fat?
Which nutritional discovery has changed your workouts the most?
What should be the proper diet and exercise plan to gain weight and develop four pack abs?
Why might a good diet and regular exercise not lead to desired physiological results at a desired speed?
Is it possible to lose weight in two weeks? If yes, how much can a 21 year old woman lose?
Is it possible to eat junk, do a lot of exercise and have a really good body?
What major can I study to learn about the influence from exercises and nutrients to the healthy growth of people (aged from a newly born baby to a fully grown adult)?
What are some of the best exercises and diet that can transform your flabby stomach?
After workout, I feel drained. What are the basic nutrients that I should consume after exercising?
Why is it so hard to start a diet/exercise plan and stick with it?
What should I eat before running a test which starts at 8:00 am?
I'm a 28-year old male, 5'10" height and 68kg weight with a normal body. I am a vegetarian and do not eat eggs. I have low strength and low stamina. I have just started to workout at the gym. What is a workout plan week for starters? Also, a protein powder which is pure vegetarian?
Can type II diabetics exercise?
What's your favorite pre-workout snack/meal and why?
What is the best way for a hypothyroidism patient to lose weight?
When I gain weight it goes straight to my butt and thighs. What would be a good exercise and eating?
Is it possible to gain muscle mass by simply exercising & eating accordingly without taking any protein supplements?
Anyone ever used genetic testing to determine a diet and fitness programme as offered by DNAFit?
I'm a lean veggie guy. I want to improve my physique and increase my weight. How can I do that?
Are nutritional supplements and powders generally bad for one's long-term health, and are they even worse if one takes them on days where they do not exercise?
I am trying to lose weight. Should I eat dinner before my workout? What should I eat?
Is it possible for a lean guy to build a good physique in a short period of 2 months?
What diet one should be on if they are exercising their abs?
Is there really such thing as brain food and what does it do to our brain? Isn't mental stimulation and exercise enough?
I'm over 60 and slowly losing weight by eating healthier. I'm noticing looser skin almost everywhere. What kind of exercises or activities would help firm things up? It's not coming back into place like it used to.
Is 30 minutes on the elliptical (internal mode) 3 times a week with a 1800 calories per day diet enough to lose weight?
How can anyone reduce the problem of belly fat and maintain a good physique?
How many cups of cooked whole grains should be consumed per day to lose weight?
I am a 22-year-old guy who is 100 kg and 6.1 ft tall. I follow a strict diet (no junk food, visit hotels very rarely) of only 2 meals a day. I go to the gym regularly. Why am I not able to lose weight?
What can I do to prepare myself before hitting the gym (in terms of what kind of food to eat, cleansing diet, etc.)?
I have body aches despite regular exercising and a good diet. How can I avoid the pain?
Is there a book about managing adult ADHD, which has valid and proven research about methods such as diets, exercise routines and mindfulness practices for dealing with it?
How do I lose 70 pounds in three weeks?
I have been exercising from the last 45 days. What are some suggestions for a vegan diet plan to get flat abs?
What are some good foods and exercises which will be beneficial to enhance a girl's figure who has just completed her teens?
I aim to gain a pound per week during my muscle training time, with a suggested daily 3000 calories intake. Can I gain a pound per week by eating normally?
Why can I run 7 miles and improve my time, go to the gym and workout vigorously and improve there, but feel very fatigued during the day?
Weightlifting: How much rice can I eat every day?
What are some methods for females to lose weight, except by physiological, surgical or mechanical ways?
I always make plans to become fit but never succeed. What can I do?
I'm 13 years old, 5'1 and currently weigh 83 pounds. I'm recovering from anorexia and I want to gain muscle, so I started lifting 10-pound dumbbells 5 times a week. Is this safe?
I want to lose about 17 kilo at least. What should I do?
What is the best way to burn fat once you are under 18% body fat? Supplements? Foods? Workout programs?
How soon should I eat after a workout?
I am a 19-year-old girl with a height of 152 cms weighing around 70kgs. What is the ideal way to lose weight (diet and exercise) within a short span of time?
I'm 16 and I work out and I have a huge appetite, I bring 4 sandwiches and 2 fruits to school every day. I was thinking of eating an extra sandwich on days that I work out, is 5 too many? Should I eat something else?
What is the best food to eat before and after going to the gym?
How much of the diet eating plan must be followed to see some decent results of Focus T25?
What should be my diet if I want to begin with gym for the first time in life?
How do I keep in shape? Am I eating right?
How do I get more weight?
What fruit other than bananas gives instant energy?
Will I be able to lose 10kg with just 10 minutes of jumprope for at least 5 times per week?
I'm a 5'4'' Asian girl (130 lb) trying to lose inches. I've embarked on several exercise/diet regimens in the last two years only to crash on processed foods every time, despite being well-read in nutrition/agriculture/exercise. How can I stick with a plan and not become obsessed?
If I continue with 30 minutes of biking everyday and only eat a moderate amount of food and lots of water, how much time will it take to burn 20lbs fat?
How much protein should be consumed after a workout?
How could ones be achieved targeted body composition by not limiting their diet without losing muscle mass?
Can eating junky foods, on top of adequate healthy food, hurt your bodybuilding efforts, or will the extra junky food simply add some fat?
Do artificial sweeteners make you fat?
How can I lose weight with a vegetarian protein diet and the gym?
What diet should I follow while I'm working out?
Is it necessary to cleanse the body before starting any diet regimen? Why and how?
What was the final straw for you and your SO that finally made you commit to a diet or routine that led you to actually lose weight/get healthy?
How can I lose 5 kgs per month?
Is it possible to lose weight if I'm only running and following a diet?
Does exercising make food digest?
How tough is it to lose weight for thyroid (hypothyroidism) patients? Is it true that they would stay fat and overweight for their entire life?
Can a 25 year girl who ignored proper diet throughout her life look healthy if she begins eating properly now?
Does working out "compound" or "multiply" weight loss caused by a good diet? Or does it merely provide additive or supplementary improvements?
Can I lose fat by eating healthy and for exercise only doing weight training?
I've seen that people serious about bodybuilding or weight loss tend to make their meals in advance. What meals do they prepare? And does it have any health implications?
Does rebounding have legitimate health benefits and isn't really just the same bouncing one would do whilst jogging?
How can a skinny boy regenerate his muscle?
Besides sleeping and eating well, what can I do to maximize my results from lifting weights?
What is the best carbs supplement to weight gain?
How can I find reliable, scientific information about health and nutrition?
How can a lazy food-holic keep himself motivated to work out and eat healthy?
What can I suggest to my best friend to help her lose weight?
I am a 23 year old skinny guy. Some of my friends told me to eat well and don't do exercise because after exercising they became fat. Some of my friends told me to eat well as well as do exercise. Which one is the correct choice?
How do I prevent myself from eating a lot of food after intense strength training?
How can I have a more fit body?
Can I take soya proteins?
How can you create an adequate mobile exercise diet (preferably protein, non-meat) if you are a extreme fitness enthusiast ie. getting tired at the beginning of a morning workout?
I am a 24-year-old girl. I am getting engaged. I am thin and I want to gain weight within 30 days just to look the best on my day. How do I gain at least 10 kgs in 1month?
What is the best vegetarian diet for people going to the gym with weak digestion?
I'm 15, 5'8" and 136 pounds. I do not have abdominals that can be seen but my arms are quite toned. What are some pointers on workouts?
What would someone have to eat and what kind of exercise would they have to do to lose fifteen lbs in a month?
How can men and women develop a 6-pack abdomen through exercise and diet?
How can I best beat food cravings after a workout?
What is the best diet to develop abs?
What are the proven benefits of consuming caffeine for running and working out? Any downfalls?
What would be the best diet plan?
Do I have to stop eating junk food if I want to build up my muscles?
If you've tried to lose weight using almost every diet and exercise plan imaginable, and kept getting zero results or winding back at square one, what do you think were the top 3 factors that contributed to the failure of the plan(s), and why?
What are some ways to not be lazy and to exercise daily?
Do weight loss supplements help you lose weight?
Is it okay to not to have my exercise when on a food diet?
How do I control obesity?
Why is it necessary to take a brisk walk after eating food?
How are some people seemingly able to eat unhealthy foods or large portions of healthy food without putting on weight or exercising?
What should I eat before and after CrossFit? Is avoiding bread a good idea?
What diet can I go on to reduce belly fat, being a vegetarian?
What is the best way to lose belly fat: swimming or using a gym?
How do I boost my good cholesterol? What kind of exercises and foods will help?
What type of diet, sleep and exercises height growth hormones in a 19-year-old male?
How do I stay motivated to exercise and eat right when I am busy?
I have a belly fat even though I am going to gym from last 2 months but yet it has not reduced now I am thinking of taking diet foods how do I get rid of it?
How should I eat when pausing workout?
If I eat 900 calories between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. and go back to bed, but then factor those calories into my calories for that day, is that bad?
How can I stop my face from becoming red?
Why taking too much opinions from people good/bad?
Could the 'imaginary audience' phenomenon last longer or have more impact on people with an extraordinary body trait?
What can I do to boost my energy and keep working in the afternoon for over 6 hours after working for 7 hours in the morning starting at 8 AM?
Is it bad for someone's psychological health to feel routine and boredom at his job?
How can I heal myself?
What are some reasons people don't like coffee, apart from health reasons?
Are sexually transmitted diseases regarded more shameful in different western countries?
Why do some people respond negatively to vegetarians or vegans?
What are good ways to improve spatial navigation memory in daily routine habits?
What are some ways to try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
How did Crofter treat the Peddler? Why did he treat him that way?
Unhealthy sluggish 21 year old, what should I get checked for?
What are some reasons people avoid health and fitness routines?
How can we distinguish between mental and emotional wellbeing?
How can we help overweight people?
How do you feel now, compared to 2000, 1990, 1980...? Better or worse?
What are negative health behaviors?
Is there a way to self diagnose smelly feet?
Is it healthy for people to live in huge cities?
How do I break my bad habit of popping my knuckles?
Why do people sympathize suicide but still dismiss mental health?
What are the three daily practices to stay young?
When is it too late to treat plagiocephaly and why?
What is the cause of lack of confidence and how can one be more confident?
How dangerous is for light skinned people to move near the equator and for dark skinned people to move away from it?
How do I treat a lump on my collarbone that moves if I press it?
What motivates health care providers to care for people?
Is it advisable to go for a morning walk and then go to the gym in the evening for a thin 18 year old?
Does a neuropsychiatrist treat magnetoencephalography?
What are the best ways to keep your self calm at most of the situations?
How do you treat an anteverted cervix?
Would people with ADHD generally be less likely to become tolerant to caffeine?
I'm 17 year old. How do I know if I have breast cancer?
How do I overcome physical weakness?
Is there a way stop consuming too much nonsense information?
Is it normal to develop food aberrations?
What are some good resources to learn about sleep hygiene?
Is marijuana bad for your heart?
What are the best alternatives, substitutes, or supplements to mental health services?
Why do some people just stop breathing out of nothing?
What are the bad consequences of masturbating?
How can I treat a protruding mons pubis?
How do Germans treat Bulgarians immigrants? Do they treat them like the Arab and African migrants?
What are the benefits to the health of right-handed people if they try to use their left hand more often?
Why there appears to be so much concern these days about muti murder?
How does soda cause behavioral problems in children?
Are good looking people healthier?
How is losing the ego better for a person's health?
What is the one habit you would like to change to improve your productivity?
Can you tell me the precautions to overcome the cigarette smoking?
Why do people and even doctors say many fat people are fat because they have a medical condition?
Why is it that people are still not much concerned of their health despite the death statistics?
What do doctors hate that people normally do?
How can a 57 year old Indian woman who had already hit menopause can live a healthy life?
What would you say to your younger self that might convince them to change their daily health-hurting behavior?
How can I get rid of the addiction of watching movies?
How can I stop living in the past?
What should I do to improve my ability to memorize names?
How do I achieve a better posture?
Why aren't people concerned of their health? Is it that they don't have time / motivation?
If you are asked about your sexual preference, is it wrong to say that you dislike fat people?
What simple things can a woman do to improve her overall appearance without getting cosmetic surgery?
What is a person called who has an excessive worry about health?
Why is it so easy to indulge in harmful actions instead of healthy actions?
How can you treat a dislocated trachea?
Do gadgets to measure stress, fear or introversion exist?
What is one habit that many people have that is extremely unhealthy?
Do people not understand the importance of social issues or they simply tend to ignore them?
What medical conditions are beneficial, if any?
What is the healthiest way to walk?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Do you prefer people with light or dark eyes? And Why?
What are the shivers or chills that we experience whenever we want to?
Is there any link/connection between dry lower lip and large intestine?
Does sitting a particular way trick the body into feeling the need to use the bathroom more often?
Why do we constantly clear our throats after eating?
I feel like there may be something wrong with me. Why do I feel the urge to laugh even if there's no reason to laugh at all?
What are some scientific ways to improve yourself?
What is a healthy way to help emotional needy people?
Why do some people pick at their cuticles until they bleed?
How do I treat odontoprisis?
What happens when you are being nice?
Due to health issues started 10 years ago I'm now obese and people treat me like sh*t. I'm so sick of this. How can I stop becoming bitter/angry/blue?
Having realized that intelligence chiefly is based on the pace of thinking, how do I acquire a permanent quick thinking pace?
Do people with asthma often live more easily in homes without carpeting?
How can I make myself more valuable?
How does it feel after a longtime coffee drinker successfully quits coffee?
What are some radical and innovative ways workers have organized self-care practices in their workplaces? What practices have been most successful in raising levels of worker happiness and satisfaction?
What do germs get from killing people?
Does anxiety cause loss of sex desire?
Why are some people in the world are enjoying their life and some are just breathing on the planet?
What should I think when I feel that no one ever listens to me?
What intake should a young Indian lady take to avoid weakness?
How do I make fitness my priority when I know I am ignoring my health and focusing on earning and my new venture currently?
Could too much altruism be a bad thing?
How common is Cynophobia and how does one treat it?
What are the best ways to become lean without doing much exercise?
Are people 40 and up more concerned about their health?
Why does dehydration cause people to throw up?
How do we treat things medicine cant treat?
Is laughing at other people’s pain unhealthy? How do I stop?
Is water good for health?
How do I deal with procrastination and depression?
What are some of the health risk behaviors?
Is it normal to get male breast reduced very slowly and gradually through diet?
How do I overcome gluttony?
Are human naturally repelled from obese people or is it a societal influence?
Does meditation give you discipline?
Do people really throw up after seeing something gross like in the movies?
Why do some people want to drink blood?
How athletic can the average person become?
Do some people want others to remain overweight?
How can one psychologically adapt to long-term social isolation in a healthy way?
How do you treat isolophobia?
Why do people say that they can have cancer even if they live and eat right? Who is bringing this theory to life?
What happens if a man masturbates too often?
What are some meditation or spiritual practices that are done in the state between waking and entering sleep?
What could a 40-year-old do to potentially improve their quality of life further down the line?
Why is the American measure of people's health being cared for fixated on whether or not people are insured?
Why would people give their things for social cause?
Which are the five fruits I should eat to stay young?
What are the dangers of passing out while laughing?
What is the most suitable way to deal with somebody who constantly complains of being sick?
Is jerking off once in day is harmful?
How do I treat a fastidious child?
How do you treat an intermuscular hematoma?
When did you notice yourself become depressed and how did it come upon you?
What condition causes people to stop breathing during their sleep, and how can you treat it?
What are some motivational tricks to maintain proper hygiene  even when you're not motivated?
How do you get Laryngitis? How do you treat it?
How often does a person laugh in a day?
How do you make healthy new year resolutions and stick to them?
Why do people brag about how unhealthy they are?
Can you be addicted to something you are allergic to?
Why do people prefer drinking cold water in summer if it increases risk of chill?
Why does people with asthma breathe better by sit down?
How do people get goiters?
What are the best ways a person can increase their focus without chemicals?
How can i treat sunspots on face ?
How harmful is it to keep internal strife towards people?
How can I have a flat belly? What do you have to eat and not to eat to lose belly fat?
With a military diet, if you want to workout, can you eat after the workout? Will it damage the diet's result?
What could be an ideal pre and post workout meal considering the fact that I have no time to prepare anything and I have a tight schedule to reach at the office?
How do I get a flat stomach without having abs?
Is my diet badly organized for working out?
What exercises can I do to build muscle but not gain weight?
Is eating coconuts when trying to lose weight bad?
Is it okay to do facr accupressure every day?
Does military diet make you lose weight?
How will I feel after eating only Olive Garden pasta for every meal for the next 7 weeks?
What should I eat before my 8pm workout when I get off work at 6pm with a 1.5 hour commute?
Due to a major depression over the last 10 years I have gone from 160 to 310 lbs. The last 8 weeks I have completely changed my eating habits and I exercise like crazy. Why do I weigh more?
How can I stick to a diet and after losing the weight make a permanent lifestyle change?
Fitness: How should an 18 year old start working out, given that he's never been to a gymnasium before? Also, what diet should he follow to get rid of excess body fat?
Is it okay to work out in the morning and skip breakfast then go to work?
How does fat form in the lower belly? Is it due to any particular food items, or due to lack of exercise?
How does the intake of fatty foods impact one's body as a function of physical fitness?
Why can't I lose weight? I eat organic, am within my macros, water only, complex carbs, lean meats, small portions. HIIT training, both my dietian and trainer can't come up with answers.
My wife has been wanting to take a weight loss product called "Plexus Slim"? Is this safe?
What is the most efficient and correct way of exercising and keeping fit?
What is the healthiest snack to have before running?
What is a good daily diet to follow when working out to lose fat?
Does eating immediately after exercise affect a person any differently than it would to prolong eating after exercise?
Fitness: What diet should I follow after gym to stay lean and muscular?
What’s your single biggest challenge getting the body you want right now?
What should you eat to optimize your CrossFit workout?
What exercise is best to trim hips and what exercise should we do for abs? (Woman here)
How do I increase my energy and joie de vivre?
How can I successfully cut body fat percentage?
Is it good for one's health to drink tea after a workout, if it is not green tea?
What healthy options should I eat to put on weight?
How can I get in shape if I don't want to go on a diet?
Which are the best 7 best fitness foods?
I started going to the gym yesterday. What should my diet be like?
What diet or exercise plan should I follow to lose 10kgs in 2.5 months? I am a 24-year-old female weighing 76kg. What are some effective tips?
Is there such a thing as a trans-friendly weightloss group/exercise + diet regime?
How do I increase my body mass?
How do I become lean and strong? What would be the workout and diet?
Can a pre-diabetic condition be reversed with exercise and diet control?
What kind of eating and exercise regimen does the Dolce Diet promote?
Can I increase 3 inches of height if I have the correct posture, balanced diet and I exercise a lot?
I'm 14, 6'1, 150lbs going to the gym everyday. What should I eat?
What should I eat before and after a workout?
I want to gain some insight of women and weight loss (aside from what I know about myself). What is the hardest part about losing weight and why is it so difficult?
How do I tone my body with diet and mild exercise?
I'm trying to get fit, what should I not eat?
Foods that will help you build a better physique?
I am fasting Ramadan and I am training for a 4 mile race. What should I do to fast, train, and eat in the most efficient way?
What diet is recommended when on Jillian Micheals 30 Day Shred workout?
What happens if I lift weights, do cardio, and stick with a diet of caloric maintenance?
I usually work out at 6 o'clock in the morning. What foods should I eat before a workout?
What are the health effects of exercising and not eating after?
Does eating fast lead to any malfunctions?
I go to the gym for 45 mins to 1 hour and drink 1 to 2 SoFits per day. Is it healthy for me?
What are the best food items/snacks to bulk up while I'm going to gym 6 times a day?
Is doing IIFYM worth the time and effort?
When weightlifting to bulk up is it wise to consume as much protein as possible?
What shouldn't you do if you're practicing in the gym?
Is it bad to work out when you haven't eaten all day?
How can I reduce post-pregnancy belly fat?
Is eating junk food occasionally okay while trying to build muscle?
How can a 17 year old female who is 4ft 3.25 inches lose 20 lbs of fat in 1–2 months?
Is there anything unhealthy about exercise?
Which is more effective for people who go to the gym: drinking milk and eating a boiled egg or mixing egg in milk and drinking it?
What is the simple Indian-vegetarian diet plan for strength training and muscle building for 7 days a week?
How do I focus more on creating healthy habits instead of obtaining superficial results like instant weight loss?
How do you keep yourself fit and healthy while busy at work?
What food should I eat before going gym in the morning?
How do I lose weight as a teen in a healthy way?
Is there any food a person with kidney stone should eat or avoid? What are some useful tips to prevent having another kidney stone?
Is it healthy to have a bad diet but to exercise regularly (4–5 times a week about 1hour for each session)?
What exercises is good for getting rid of moobs?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day healthily?
Were should I begin with exercising and getting healthier?
What diet coincides with me running 45 minutes a day?
Is it advisable to jog/exercise in the morning with an empty stomach?
What are some healthy food recipes after/before exercise?
Should I eat more than 1400 calories a day if I am speed skating for 7 miles AND weightlifting for an hour and a half?
What's something quick to eat after a workout but not from a fast food restaurant?
What would be the best exercise routine for an ectomorph/hard-gainer?
Is it bad to eat an hour after a workout?
I've been going to the gym for the last 3 weeks, have been avoiding breakfast, and reducing my calorie intake, but my belly is still expanding. What could be the reason for this?
Is it possible to eat reasonably, work out and not lose weight?
Healthy Eating: Should I eat breakfast before or after a workout?
What does Batman eat to stay fit?
How much time should it ideally take for a 26 yr old male to reduce from 18% body fat to 10% body fat while gaining muscle?
Is it true that people who are genetically fat should be more strict in their diet and exercise to be lean and healthy?
What has caused you to quit eating healthy and exercising? 
This summer I want to get in shape. I'm a little bit overweight, and before I start exercising I need to lose some weight. I already started my own diet where I drink a lot of liquids and eat three times less food. What is important to know while doing this?
Are there any books based on gym workout and the required diet plan?
How do you determine how many calories you should consume every day?
Why do people think working out is the best way to lose/maintain weight?
Is running and dieting enough to get in shape?
I am a 22-year-old male. I have been suffering from incomplete bowel evacuation for the last 5 years. I do a lot of exercises and eat healthy. How can I get rid of this problem?
How long should I wait before changing my diet/exercise?
Why do I still suffer from acne when I have a perfectly balanced diet and exercise?
Will quitting rice help in losing belly fat?
Which fast food we should not eat if we are working out for abs?
Why should I exercise before eating?
Why is it so difficult to maintain regular exercise and healthy eating?
Is it necessary to eat 6 times a day for people that work out?
If my goal is to be a decently sized lean guy, should I be on a calorie excess or a calorie deficit? Photo and details in the comment below.
Is it natural to compulsively eat fatty foods while exercising and dieting?
Would I be able to lose weight by eating small meals frequently?
How did you learn what to eat when you started a gym routine?
What can I do in 5 minutes a day to get healthier?
How can I gain 10 kg weight in one month?
What are the best foods to eat before swimming?
Is bread butter healthy for exercise?
What is the best exercises, diet and drugs for the hypoglycemic?
How much time after my workout should I eat proteins to get better results?
Does eating boiled eggs post workout make a good protein diet?
What should I eat or drink before running?
Once I have my desired physique, how do I maintain it? Specially the diet. Basically what I'm asking is do I need to have the same diet afterwards?
How long will I live if I never eat healtly and never exercise?
I have just started doing yoga. Do I have to maintain a proper diet?
 What is the quickest way to getting out of bad funk?
What are some good excercise plans and healthy diets that are affordable?
How do I minimise fat gain during bulking?
What is the best diet and exercise program for overweight men?
Which one comes first, going to the gym or healthy eating?
If you had to write fitness commandments, what would you write?
Is it healthy to walk right after eating food?
Can a 305 pound 46 year old man using the Atkins diet lose 100 pounds by eating anything he wants (within the Atkins diet), eating as much of it as he wants (unlimited calories) and not exercising at all?
How can I reset my metabolism to burn more fat?
Is a 1200 calorie diet and exercise plan healthy?
Should I eat anything after cardio combining with strength workout?
Is it okay to go to the gym early in the morning without eating anything?
Does the meal timing matter much for health and fitness?
How can someone get fit on a vegan diet?
If you have a sluggish colon, what exercises can get it moving and what's a good diet for slow motility?
Will I lose weight if I start eating less than 50g of carbs a day?
These days, I do some exercise, so what can I do to reduce the pain it brings, or what fruit should I eat?
Why and how did I inherit my parents' diabetes even though I vigorously exercise daily and eat healthy?
What is a strict diet and exercise plan?
What is a healthy diet to lose weight in 2 weeks?
What are the consequences of eating fast food every day if you exercise regularly?
Can someone make or show for me diet and exercise plan?
What is the best eating strategy to provide energy for a morning workout?
Is it possible to get a healthy, attractive body with only proper diet (and zero or near-zero exercise)?
What can be done to curb weight cutting?
Is it possible to lose 1lb a day for 30-60 days with a lot of exercise and a healthy diet including protein health shakes without doing damage to your body?
I am taking the same minimal diet which I used to take before hitting the gym. How does it affect me?
For the last 6 months I have been telling myself to start the diet, start the exercising. But every day I don't. Why can't I just do it?
What is the secret to nice tight abs?
Why is exercise bad for Diabetics?
I can't seem to lose weight. Eating less and exercising more means I'm just emptying my bowel once every 3 days. What am I doing wrong?
Why do I binge few hours after a run?
What are the diets and exercise for men at the age of 40 &+?
Is it okay to workout and eat healthy if you are underweight?
What's the best way to get in shape when I can't do diets?
What is the best diet to lose 5kg weight in 15 days max?
What are the first steps to take to start losing weight?
What are the tips/ways to increase weight without eating multiple times a day? I am a student who doesn't have the time to schedule 6 meals a day.
Is there anything I can eat or drink before the workout that can keep me from being hungry?
Why do some fitness "experts" or bodybuilders only eat the egg white and not the yolk?
How can I form the habit of eating healthy and exercising?
How can I know if my exercise and diet plan is okay?
How can we have a good body?
I have been looking for a protein bar (post-strenuous workout) with 25+ grams of protein. However, with my tree nut allergies it is almost impossible to find something without almond flour or other tree nuts in it. Any suggestions?
Is skipping rope bad for health?
What happens when you don't eat after exercising?
What would be the best way for me to maintain my body weight?
If I stop working out, but eat right and eat enough, will I keep my previous gains?
If I am overweight, dieting, and dreaming about food, do I have an addiction?
What are the simple and easy diet tips and exercises?
I'm 21, 66 kg, 5'11'' and skinny. What are a suitable diet chart and workout scheme for me?
What will happen if I do heavy workout while on a fat-rich diet?
Would drinking tea (non-caffeinated) be beneficial after a bodybuilding workout?
How much of your diet should be carbs?
When is the best time to have a calorie/protein dense meal around a weekly workout day to make the most out of the meal?
How do I get abs without working out?
How can I form healthful habits and stick to them?
How should one eat to get ripped?
Why am I not losing weight? (detailed diet and statistics included, this might be known as "cutting")
I am exersising daily at gym, what should I eat to increase my weight?
Is my diet and exercise plan good (more in details)?
How can I never get sick at a residential school?
Are there any nutritionists on Quora who can suggest proper diet plan including timings of food and exercise for the acidity patient?
What are some good home workouts and diets to help me get lean and cut?
How can I be physically fit to donate a healthy liver?
How often should I eat and when should I workout if I'm a skinny guy with a high metabolism? Should I be eating something every two hours in a day? Should my workouts be directly after I eat? An hour after? Please help
Is it really possible to get a smaller waist with exercise?
What is the perfect diet chart for an abs workout?
How can I lose weight with an apple shaped body?
Can you lose fat without exercising?
What makes eating more so difficult? What can help?
Do you suddenly feel guilty and want to do some exercise when you are about to have a meal?
What is the best way to lose 20% of your body fat?
How can one lose belly fat without exercise?
Can one blame being fat on being poor?
What are some simple, yet effective principles of eating for everyone who wants to be in shape to follow?
Can I eat every day the same thing for exercise?
When you eat food and later exercise, do you burn the food you ate or stored fat?
What kinds of foods should I be eating and avoiding during a 15-week Freeletics (or any equivalent high intensity workout) program?
Is there a physiologic mechanism explaining why I feel hungrier on the following day after strenuous exercise/weight training?
How can I lose 20 kg in 6 month?
What is the best diet/exercise to help me lose as much fat as I can in two weeks?
Can a large expenditure of calories offset a high caloric diet consisting mainly of fatty foods?
I exercise three times a week, I try to eat healthy, I'm seeing results in my body but my weight is higher than when I started, am I having results?
How can I increase my empathy for "otherness" and compassion for the suffering in the world without becoming completely overwhelmed and sucked dry of my own needs, desires and non-survival interests?
What are proven ways to get rid of 'wet dreams'?
How do you motivate yourself when you are enervated and dejected?
What would you change about the day you have had today?
What are some techniques that combine physical and mental into a complete personal development method?
What is ego, is it good or bad? How does one control the ego? Connections with excessive pride, pros, cons
How can someone efficiently get rid of laziness and is it related to over-thinking?
How do I tell my husband he is getting fat without offending him?
What is the best way to make yourself physically, mentally, and spiritually strong?
What is the maximum number of hours a person can efficiently utilize in a day over a long time frame?
What are some general guidelines to getting rid of any type of addiction?
Do you find that alcohol helps you sleep or do you find it makes your sleep worse?
How can one overcome his habit of sleeping late and getting up late?
Where can I get a cleansing near LA?
What is the single best thing you can do for yourself in a day?
What is the one thing you did/started doing in life which changed everything for the better?
If asked "Why commit myself? Should I commit myself?," how do you explain why commitment to mental health services is important?
What are good ways to stay energetic?
What's worse: changing yourself to fit into society, or changing society to fit you?
How can one recover from/combat with severe procrastination?
How would you motivate yourself to go swimming, if you don't have a good body figure?
How do I get better at emotionally evaluating a situation?
How do I break my habit of severe procrastination which is affecting my physical and mental well-being?
How can I look good again?
What are the best herbs and supplements to focus concentration more clearly?
How did you fix a major bad habit in your life?
How can one overcome anuptaphobia (fear of staying single?
Recently I have been having trouble speaking clearly and for extended sentences. Why could this be and what can I do to help myself?
How do I get rid of a person who hurt me?
Is nail biting a bad habit?
What is the correlation between personal power, whether actual or perceived, and general wellbeing?
Are there any permanent solutions to get rid of hyperhidrosis?
What are good morning get-motivated routines?
How can tactics and strategy be utilized on a daily basis?
How does the 1:1 Nutrition Coach by Rise iOS pay its coaches?
What do you seek?
In the long term, is resting from what you're doing once a week beneficial?
What are some motivational lines that keep you motivated for a long time?
Should I try Bates method for my eyes?
Will yoga help me in burning calories and losing weight?
As someone diagnosed with mild emphysema, how do I improve my ability to exhale, especially under water while swimming?
How do you get over the anger of having a mental illness?
What is the best way to delay gratification?
What are the ways to improve one's physical, mental and social health in about 100 days?
How do I be an energetic and lively person throughout the day in all life circumstances?
How do I develop a mental attitude towards my very long weight loss journey and stop doubting myself?
What do you do to ground yourself?
Why isn't meditation helping me?
Is it possible to incentivize health and self improvement in a dangerously unhealthy population like America?
How can I develop the habit of instantly sleeping at any time of the day?
Are you taking care of yourself as much as you should? In what ways?
If you were going to buy one practical, self-help book on mental health, what questions would you most want it to address?
How can one get better at walking?
How do we take healthy career break for refreshment in life?
How do I build up my sense of humor?
Is sleep really for the weak?
Does eccentricity in one's personality grow with age or it can be curbed?
What’s the biggest thing you’re struggling with right now when it comes to your happiness?
How do you motivate yourself during exams?
How often have you or someone you know knowingly cited a mental health condition as an excuse?
What's something that you feel is wrong but regularly do anyways?
What are the ways to feel energetic everyday?
What is one habit that you have that most impacts your health?
Would persistent anxiety on one organ harm the organ?
How do I break out of daily self imposed cage and start to live and meet new people if I' don't know where what or who but can't stand here?
How do I get rid of the salt in my body?
What are the best ways to fight cancer?
How effective is Lumo for improving posture?
How do I get rid of the habit of sleeping late?
How one can improve their immunity?
Which bad eating habits do most people have? Why should they stop?
How does it feel to rise from failure to success?
What helps you grow stronger?
Does atheism lead to weaker minds and weaker self-discipline?
How do I begin to accept my body and become happy when I am severely morbidly obese?
How did a regular practice of meditation improve your "health"?
How does one get a dimple?
How can I motivate myself to start biking again after a fall?
Why is sharing knowledge a very potent virtue to possess, even if you have worked very hard to acquire it?
What should we do to be healthy if we work hard full-time?
How can you transform sexual energy and channel into productive work?
How can I improve my posture if I have kyphoscoliosis, which makes it painful to stand up straight?
How do I quit masturbation, when I do not have a girlfriend?
What is the best way to make myself realize the importance of health at the age of 25?
How can someone become more energetic?
What are the best ways to make yourself more productive at midnight?
Self-Confidence: Where do I draw the line between doing the 'standard' activities to boost my attractiveness (i.e, physical exercise, dressing well, being more assertive), and being comfortable in not being perfect?
Is it normal to feel lazy on weekends?
How can I be patient during medical treatment?
How fickle minded are you? How are you overcoming it?
How can I improve my willpower when trying to stick to a healthy diet?
How do you combat the lack of motivation and general tiredness associated with depression?
What are the best resources/books/blogs for the prevention of Mental Health issues?
Does the health of our mind and body contribute to the overall income we earn?
What are some ways to keep myself sane?
Is it inspiration or manipulation to tell myself everyday that I am beautiful (the world is nice, I love everyone etc)?
How do I get rid of nail ingrowth?
What is it like to overcome and grow out of an addiction?
How does meditating under/inside a pyramid help?
Why can't I properly recall and summarize to another person simple things?
How do I become a morning person?
How do I get fit and well focused every time?
Will devoting myself to health and meditation increase my mental capability, or is that just a myth?
Who am I? Am I the loser that I despise? What do I do to come out of this loop of loserness?
How can I overcome failure and beat depression?
How do you keep positive and motivate the mood of India?
What is your attitude towards your health?
How do I create a new habit, for example exercising, studying a lot, and eating well?
Can't focus after masturbation! Whenever I masturbate (daily), it's followed by a long period of time during which I can't focus completely on any task.. I feel my attention down on my genitals.. Any advice, for how to concentrate, Quorans?
When was the moment you started feeling like you had control of your life?
What are some extraordinary facts about willpower?
Why is my health deteriorating so much?
How can I get rid of my autism?
How do I get rid of the frown face?
Why do people self sabotage (overeat when they are trying to lose weight, procrastinate when they've just been given a great job to do, etc)?
Is it safe to adjust oneself?
How do I deal with the fact that my legs are shorter relatively to my body, compared with my peers?
What is the best exercise for a female?
What is the fastest way to replenish energy  when you are feeling slightly tired after working for few hours and its  not even afternoon?
What are some proven techniques to stop smoking, restrain from relapse, and live without worrying about starting again?
How can I transform my body, given my personal quirks?
How do I get a flat stomach as a girl, while not being too muscular?
Is it ok to exercise in the late night and hence eat a healthy post workout diet?
Are we really living longer than our ancestors or is that just a common myth?
What do you think about making your kids suck it up when they're physically hurt?
Why do some people get sick even when they exercise and eat healthy and others eat junk and are perfectly fine?
Why do some people think eating gluten gives you 'the dumb'?
What are some examples of stress that everyone encounters on a daily basis?
Should I sleep when I'm having a headache?
What happens when you laugh?
What did you do for others that is not good for your health?
What's the most efficient way to reduce body-fat percentage?
Why do people desire being wealthy so much?
What would a human who never groomed him- or herself look like?
Is it unusual that I always want to be alone?
Is it better to exercise before or after eating?
How do I start working out to get abs?
What psychological effects are expected from long-term total Isolation?
What does it mean for someone to be a "shut-in"?
How long should I wait before exercising after eating?
Should I eat before yoga?
For doctors, what are the five physical traits you look at to judge a person's health?
At what age do people lose compassion for others?
Can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day, eating less, and eating more fruits and vegetables?
What do you think about my Calisthenics Diet Plan for muscle growth?
Is losing weight just "calories in, calories out"?
Is it a compliment to your therapist when you fall asleep during a massage?
What is it like to live without being able to feel physical pain from outside stimuli?
Is use of protein powders & drinks good for normal person?
What kind of energy bars do people who do yoga like?
How do I (teenage girl) gain muscle?
Is it healthy to eat high amount of junk foods and then excercise accordingly?
Why do some people sneeze quietly?
What is a low-cost healthy diet plan if one is to workout at a gym (Not for a heavy muscular body but just to remain fit and to burn some fat)?
Are there particular physical and psychological traits which distinguish vegetarians from the non vegetarians?
Does nail biting cause serious problems? What are they?
Can coffee ruin one's sleeping pattern?
What is the appeal of chewing gum? Why do people chew it?
How should one go for a morning walk, empty stomach or after eating something?
Do people 'choose' to be evil? If the trait is in fact the result of environmental factors whilst growing up, is it appropriate to issue custodial sentences etc. for wrongdoing?
Would a diet of eggs and cheese, fruit cups, and canned meat with exercise be a good idea?
Why we want to pack up our body with thin blanket during fever?
Weight Loss: How can I get my mom to eat less and exercise?
Do you lose muscles along with fat in a calorie deficit?
What can I do to get a good physique if I don't wish to spend too much money on my meal?
Are there specific exercises to reduce belly fat?
Is it true that person who think less has less tension and less anger? How?
What are the most common regrets that people have once they grow old?
Is my diet going to work?
Why do teenagers think that smoking cigarettes makes them 'cool'?
Why do humans like to eat pizza, burgers?
Human Behavior: What are the effective home methods of masturbation?
When eating in a plate, do you usually eat first the least liked food first and leave the most liked food last? Why?
From where I should start to loos weight and get fit in 2 months?
Why are people so sensitive and intolerant?
Bodybuilding: What are the best dressings to have on a salad?
Is comprising almond butter as my main source, perhaps only source, of fat, healthy for lean muscle building?
What are some interesting stories about the effects of someone's bad memory?
It is said that people are basically self-interested, but actually people often harm themselves, like burning the midnight oil, wasting time, not caring about health, why?
Why do people embrace danger as though they would be rewarded for it? (e.g. People still smoke, although it's written on the cigarette that "smoking is harmful to your health")
Out of the five or ten most likely ways I will die, which am I able to prevent?
How can someone get rid of mind fog, and mind fatigue?
Why do we get an urge to crack knuckles?
Is there a way to lose fat without diet, by just being careful with what I eat and exercising?
If you were a hotdog would you eat yourself?
What are some exercises for lower ab fat loss?
How do I deal with a cold in the workplace?
If I did the Insanity workout, ran three times a week for 45 min, did strength training three times a week, did Zumba twice a week for an hour, and eat 1400 calories daily, is this safe? (I burn about 650-750 a day)?
Health: What is it best to eat at 10 PM after 2 hours of training?
Why do we feel sleepy and exhausted while preparing for an exam ? But full of energy and no sleep at all right after we are done?
Why do we feel like puking if we see someone else puke?
How can a person sleep even though he's under the effect of meth?
What should I eat post and pre workout?
What is the safest method to lose 20 pounds in less than a week?
What kind of diet keeps us fit and fine?
What are the benefits of eating berries before exercise?
What is best diet for your knees strength?
Why does it matter whether you sleep before or after 11pm depending on when you wake up?
How do I become healthier?
How long after eating can I do yoga? Got various answers but want to know perfect one.
How can I become a self-challenged person?
What will happen to me if I work out 2–3 times a week and barely eat?
Who has the greatest power to heal your wounds?
Will someone stop perceiving depth information if one has only one eye?
What is the best way to prepare oatmeal and the best time to eat it if I have a workout or a training?
I'm a 22 year old guy with height 176 cms and weight 94 kgs. I know that I'm too obese. I want to become healthy and fit. How can I achieve that without going to gym and taking supplements?
What's a diet that's good for building muscle, and cutting fat?
Some people spend more money on their image then their health, or other things that actually benefit themselves. Why do people want to look and feel wealthy?
Why do I keep hearing that eating after you workout is bad?
What are four body weight exercises that will transform your body when combined with a healthy diet?
Do people really eat human beings when they're very hungry?
Whenever we see someone drinking water,why do we feel the urge to do the same,even if we are not thirsty?
Can someone give me a full weekly meal plan?
Do skinny people ever wish they were bigger?
How can a person re-learn how to yawn?
What diet should I follow if I work out in early morning?
What is the lifestyle required to get rid of belly fat?
How long after eating oats should I workout to use the carbs from the oats as fuel?
I am doing gym regularly with diet plan but my weight isn't increasing what shall I do?
I am working 11 hours a day as a software developer. I am 80kgs I have no time to exercise. What food will help me to reduce my weight for good shape?
Are hot drinks good for your health?
Why do we only sneeze when we're awake?
I would like to lead a healthier life, any advice? (Mostly eating/exercise but also general)
What was the prevalence of self-harm and self-injurious behavior prior to 1990?
If you saw an anorexic woman in the gym every day doing cardio for an hour, would you say something to her if you a had a qualified opinon?
How does one convince a person with a mental illness to accept that they need professional help?
I'm going to be fasting this Ramadan, what tips can you give me so that I can continue running throughout the month?
Has anyone used You Are Your Own Gym: The Bible of Bodyweight Exercises? Did it work?
What is the fastest way to lose 8kg? I am 43 year old male and do go to cardio classes regularly.
How can I lose an inch of fat in one month?
How can I lose body fat especially on my abs? I'm a 20 year male with 30-35% body fat.
What are some examples of having shared goals with friends that made you both succeed in the goal?
What are some of the biggest challenges you have when finding an exercise/workout routine to do? Do you face obstacles finding out What you should and How you should do the routines? What do you dislike the most about trying to start a routine/healthier lifestyle?
What food philosophy/habits (type of foods, eating times, amounts, combining, etc.) do people practice?
Is it possible to lose 20kg in 5-6 months by eating healthy and less (little exercise)?
How should I develop muscle strength through exercise and diet? Have tried varying my diet and exercise routine, but did not reap the benefits...
Is it possible to maintain a flat stomach all day, even after eating a lot?
Why do humans beat, massage or otherwise physically stimulate their forehead when thinking intensively?
Does low concentration means ADHD?
Can suicide be cosiderated a psychological autoimmune disease/disorder?
What kind of diet I should have in my starting days of Gym?
Does the body benefit when we scratch it?
Are higher levels of anxiety positively correlated with a person's tendency to be more organized?
What do I eat or do after a grueling workout (or (mental) work session) to replete willpower for another difficult task?
Is it okay to drink 72gms of whey protien pre and post workouts?
How does eating and exercise comparatively impact your health?
If I run 1k every day at the highest intensity I can manage, will there be any health benefits such as improved fitness or fat burning?
Do facial exercises really help in sculpting the face, provided you follow regular workouts and a healthy diet?
As someone who's beginning to work out, what should my diet look like?
Why do certain people shout before sneezing?
Why do people stop exercising and eating healthy when working 50-55 hours a week?
What is the best diet and exercise routine for a crossed Staffy/Heeler?
I have been cycling for 15 days. I have cut down on carbs. What else shall I do to loose weight more effectively?
Does irregular eating habit affect the health of a person?
How is it that people can eat low calories, exercise and still be fat, but vegans can eat what ever they want and lose weight?
Can one be healthy just by eating healthy food and not getting any Physical exercise?
Why do we prefer warm water to bath whereas cool air for surroundings?
Can I eat a lot of good and real food and stay healthy with exercise?
Bodybuilding: Is it possible, for an average person, to gain 34lbs of muscle in 4 weeks like Tim Ferris claims in his book 4-hour body? Has anyone tried it?
Is white bread good for fitness?
How do I gain 5 kilograms in one month while having high metabolism?
What should me my ideal diet so that I stay fit?
Why do people misjudge those who smoke marijuana, while cigarettes and alcohol both destroy their health and life but are idolized by the media?
What should I eat before exercise if I want to lose fat?Should I avoid fruits?
Is entertainment necessary for human development?
If humans could live forever, would people take less physical risks and would death be more tragic?
Sleep: Is too much sleep harmful for humans? And why?
If I reduce my portion size without changing what I eat and my level of exercise, is there still a chance of losing weight?
What should be the gap between two masturbation sessions?
Which is more important for energy, eating right or exercising?
Is there an optimum amount of time to eat before exercise?
Why do I have a big belly with no fat and how to get more lean (my BMI=21.8)?
What benefits will I see if I eat and do this exercises everyday?
Why do we take pride in our achievements when they are merely luck and judge those with less luck?
How much weight can I lose in 3 months?
What will happen if I don't eat post workout?
Is the increasing medicalisation of things that were previously considered normal parts of human experience harmful or beneficial? Why?
Is it bad to eat sweets and do cardio to cancel it out?
How can I increase body weight?
How does a person try to get out of bed when depression is keeping them in?
Six Pack Abs: Does exercising after eating carbs reduce the risk of the carbs turning into fat?
What causes a complete change in attitudes towards injury, hygiene, etc as we grow up?
How can you reach a 50% protein, 15% fat, 35% carbs macro nutrient ratio without using supplements?
When fat loss stops what to do?
Will my abs go away if I eat more carbs?
Is intermittent fasting bad for stomach?
What is difference when we breathe and chest swells and when stomach swells?
What first aid do I need to prepare before scaring people?
What kind of diet should you eat when participating in the YRG Fitness program?
What is the most weight you've lost, gained or a combination of both?
What if I Eat more and workout more?
I want to plan my diet to get lean body, how I should start?
I want to put on lean mass, what should my meals look like?
Why is slouching more comfortable than standing/sitting up straight?
Complementary and Alternative Medicine: Do endomorphs retain the personality characteristics of their type if they follow a disciplined diet and exercise?
Because of my schedule, my exercise has to happen about 45 minutes after eating breakfast (granola or peanut butter or something). Is that fine?
How many grams of fat do I have to eat to gain one pound?
Does a bad diet contribute to erratic behaviour in a person?
How often should one drink coffee to maximally reap its benefits?
What should I eat before an early morning jogging?
Are both things the same: sleeping at 12 and waking up at 6 (night-morning) and sleeping at 6 and waking up at 12 (morning-noon)?
Why is it that I want to have a terminal disease and I always fake sickness to have attention on me?
Do more people have a hard time falling asleep at night or is it considered more normal to fall asleep quickly?
Why is it sometimes hard for some people to both wake up and go to sleep?
How many health problems/diseases will decrease if everyone maintains a healthy lifestyle?
How do I keep myself active after 8 hours of work?
How do I get rounder thighs and bigger buttocks? Also, I'm very thin so how many calories do I need to eat every day?
I'm 13 years old, 5"1 and 124.8 pounds. My goal weight is 110. I am looking for a healthy diet and excersize plan. How can I do this safely?
How did you manage to give up on something you were addicted to?
How do I check which element out of 5 elements is dominating so that I can avoid food to prevent stomach related problems?
How can one be someone whom everyone likes to talk to?
Do you think that lazy people are beneath you, inferior to you, less than you, and not worth your time?
What exercises and food can I use to rebuild from an abdominal injury that has left me with a protruding gut?
How does water deficiency affect human behaviour?
What is Catharsis?  What are its applications? What are its steps? What types of events, realizations, or experiences create moments of catharsis?
What is the best effective way to order bath, exercise, morning walk, green tea, meditation and breakfast in a morning routine?
Can sleep be mimicked by something else?
Why do most smokers think they can quit smoking?
Is there is a similar book to "The easy way to stop smoking" that can help wean people off pornography?
How do I improve my fitness and build a ripped physique?
What can I do if I'm in immense pain both physically and mentally with no chances of respite?
How can I become more productive at work again?
How do you get rid of warts?
What interesting things can one do when one can't sleep at night?
How do I switch from the lonely guy to the solitary guy?
Is yoga the best way to improve the power of mind and body?
What do you do if you can't get the get-up-and-go to exercise?
Would it be beneficial to my health if I quit coffee as a daily habit and just enjoy a cup or two socially?
If a person masturbates for almost every day for 11 years and now it no longer excites him further even almost no interest in porn as well. Is everything okay?
What is a good way to get into an excited, positive, and enthusiastic frame of mind?
How do you deal with a spouse with an incurable/untreatable disease?
How can I work hard without my health deteriorating?
How does one improve balance and coordination? What are the benefits?
How has the use of probiotics improved your quality of life?
Can I improve my body and eating by joining a gym?
What are you doing to increase your health span?
How interested are teenage girls in health, fitness and improving their overall self image?
How can I motivate myself to want to exercise and eat healthily again?
What are some daily life tricks which can improve our health?
How do I strengthen my weak foot in soccer?
How can we become mentally fit again?
How do I make a new start when starting all again after 10 years is like a nightmare?
Would you trade a physical problem that you have for a different (but also serious) physical problem?
Where can I learn yoga in Koramangala?
If you drink coffee on a daily basis, can it change your mindset more than if you don't drink it?
Does doing yoga "better" a man sexually?
How can I be energetic all day?
What are some techniques to help control my thoughts and achieve a completely free mind while meditating?
How can one increase his ejaculation time?
How do I make a dramatic shift to be happier & healthier?
Suppose you have 30 days of holidays from tomorrow onward. What would you like to do in those holidays?
How can I find out if there is something wrong with my period?
What exercises can help to improve your hearing?
How do you handle a situation when you're extremely sad?
How do I spend less time sleeping?
How can I motivate myself to brush my teeth at night, before sleep?
What are the best ways to stay mentally and physically active throughout the day?
What ancient practices are used to improve one's health and well-being?
Hypothetically speaking, let's say I have ADD. Is it possible to overcome it just because I've recognized I have a problem or does it always need consultation?
Why does my PTSD not act up when at work as I can go without my xanax dose all day yet when I am off & home alone, I start to feel panic so need to dose myself within a hour of awaking?
How can I remain energetic during the daytime if I am a night owl?
What is to be done with a team of tired people?
What are some natural means to improve memory?
What are some well-known software programs to organizations in the world or game hack organization?
What are the surrounding conditions needed to practice meditation daily at home?
What are some good books on how to take care of oneself physically or mentally?
Is it okay to compromise your health and give preference to your work/job?
What is the most effective way to set an alarm clock?
How can you discipline yourself to exercise regularly?
What would a perfect body posture be like?
What is the single most effective initiative one person in their every day life take to reduce their impact on the environment and tackle climate change?
What exercises can be used to help improve sight?
Does meditation help in reducing porn addiction?
How can I take better care of myself?
What do I do to make myself compassionate?
What are some things that I should do regularly to improve my health and personality?
How do I improve my physique as I have only 3 semesters left for completing my graduation?
How can I improve my health, my past is really bad?
What are the small habits that can change sleeping schedules for better health?
What are the frustration management techniques one should use?
Can meditation improve personality & attitude?
How did you do to encourage yourself when you felt depressed both in career and emotion?
What is the best way to improve my box jump height?
How can I build a stronger character and be less influenced by others?
How do I get rid of anxiety?
How can I get rid of hateful feelings?
Should I transform myself again from bad to good?
What was your experience with quantum techniques?
What are your lifestyle cleansing habits?
What do you do when you want to get rid of a bad pimple?
Is it right that I am only 21 and I always look for peace rather than being energetic or enthusiastic?
How can I program for long hours without harming my health?
What happens to the testosterone levels and body of a 16-year-old boy who has stopped masturbating?
How can I stop sighing?
What's one habit you've changed that has had the greatest impact on your mental or physical health?
How should I develop habits that help me get fit?
What are the best exercises to get rid of the pain in the lower back due to scoliosis?
Is it necessary to stay energetic to become successful? How can I do it?
Does exercise improve eyesight?
How can l avoid anxieties?
How do I cultivate happiness through physical posture?
At what age does our posture start declining?
What is the best (non-team) sport for improving strength, agility, power, flexibility and balance?
How do I get rid of OCD?
What are the effective ways to improve your focus in your daily life?
What are motivating factors that allow you to keep away from cigarettes (read description first)?
What's the best way to preserve my close-up vision?
What do you do if you feel so unmotivated constantly that you won't do essential functions to stay healthy? Such as drink water, or eat, or move? Not feeling sad just to lazy to get up for days.
Do you think it would be immoral to enter the illegal organ trade without forcing anyone to part with their organ?
How do you achieve a healthy mindset?
What's the most effective way to get up early?
What are some smart ways to fool yourself into not consuming alcohol?
What should I do to omit bad habits in my life?
Is it worth examining troubling childhood memories for the sake of righting the negative effects they've caused on both your psyche and behavior?
How do I take care of myself?
How do I get rid of my bad habit of sleeping in afternoons?
What's the best way to get rid of underarm armpit odor without an antiperspirant / deodorant?
What is the best way to keep away from tensions and stay calm?
What one thing should I do to improve my living habits (health) and time managment?
How do I improve my sex drive?
What are some energetic foods or drinks for the day?
Some people say if we keep controlling our anger one day we may burst on someone and do something stupid. Is it really good for our health to control the anger?
How can someone develop good posture?
What are the things I can learn today which will make me healthier tomorrow?
What are the things one could do to improve nerve functions?
How do I stop being restless and impatient?
How could a weak girl be strong?
How can I make my body full of positive energy?
How do I maintain good posture and get rid of a shoulder hunch?
How can a person reduce his/her tension and stay calm?
How do I improve the posture of people so that they can breathe well and how to get rid of bloating?
What qualities should one possess to be a complete man?
What can I do to improve my height?
How many hours per day do you have high speed in daily activities?
What should I do to build up my self-confidence in preparation for exams?
What are some foods that help improve bad stuttering?
How do you "untie" the knot you feel in the pit of your stomach when you get anxious?
What are the ways to become more energetic during daily life?
What can I do to become a better health coach?
How do I get rid off the blackness around the corner of the lips that is caused due to dryness on that area?
How does the use of oral contraceptives affect behavior and sexuality?
Why do people smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol though they know it's injurious to health?
Why does my mouth open while I sleep and how can I prevent it?
Why do some people faint?
What's the effects of talking straight?
Is it a psychological condition?
Why do human beings feel sleepy?
Has any Facebook app, group, or page improved the health behavior of lots of people?
How do one armed people wash their remaining hand?
Why do people abuse paracetamol?
Why do people faint because of the heat?
Does yawning produce melatonin?
Do any of the advertisements about the harm that nicotine causes have any impact on the smokers?
Do more interesting people sleep less?
Why are people turning to holistic health more these days?
Why do most white people go on jogs/runs?
Sometimes I have a hard time connecting with other guys, what can I do to fix this?
What are some interesting morning habits of well-balanced people?
In what ways do medical professionals follow up with patients suffering from lifestyle disorders who stubbornly neglect any lifestyle-modifications or health-related advice and yet demand medical help?
What is so good about drinking beer and wine?
What can I do to make myself exercise every morning?
What things do people do hoping to attain good health but end up harming themselves?
What does it take to have a complete change in lifestyle?
Why do people tell fat people that they are beautiful?
What is the weird thing that happens when your nose suddenly clears up and everything just becomes clearer all of a sudden?
Whenever you yawn deeply does your ear become muted during the duration of the yawn?
Do people sneeze in their sleep?
If yawning helps you be more alert, does forcefully stopping myself from yawning enable me to sleep easily?
Which vein do people squeeze to make other people faint, or is it a muscle?
Why do some people have hyperactivity after not having enough sleep?
When I'm nervous, my stomach always makes strange sounds, even if I've eaten a full meal. How can I stop this? It's embarrassing and puts me off doing a lot of things.
What are healthy ways of having conflicts/confrontations?
Is it healthy that I badly want to be alone and in isolation?
Why do people feel so tired in summer?
Apart from it being impolite, why shouldn't you point your index finger in someone's direction?
What are the dangers of television?
Is it bad to fear the dark so bad at age 14-15?
Why is there a stigma against protecting your hearing from loud sounds (e.g., music) by covering/plugging your ears?
Is it common to get one's pinkie toe hurt on the house furniture?
Why do we kill the mentally sick but quarantine the physically sick?
Why would a person exhibit a behavioral pattern where ailments are adapted?
Is jerking off daily healthy and what are the health points?
To what degree is high oxalate consumption an unrecognized health problem for many people who consume either the typical Western diet or even a healthier diet?
What does it feel like to be overweight and then losing the excess? How do people treat you differently?
Why is my body still not used to my sleeping schedule?
Why do intelligent people smoke?
Can always being serious cause health problems?
According to the present research and data, how often did the early man fall sick and how did he figure out the treatment for various diseases?
Are people suffering from Hashimoto's thyroiditis always tired and sluggish?
Thermodynamics: Why do we feel colder in the dark?
How does one stay grounded while remaining open to being inspired?
Would you stand up for someone if you know you're going to get physically hurt? Why?
What is it like to have lived under a medical quarantine due to a pandemic, illness in the family/self, or disease outbreak?
When we yawn, others follow suit and yawn also. Do deaf people become affected in the same way?
What makes us smile? Are there any interesting facts behind it?
Why do fat and overweight people breathe heavier than its counterpart, fit people?
Why do people love?
What emotion is most associated with slouching?
What is it about getting older that scares people, especially those transitioning into their 50s and 60s?
Does drinking alcohol help in improving human behavior? If yes, how?
How common is it for someone who has survived cancer to become more reckless with their health afterwards?
What are the main reasons for eating when under stress? How do you overcome this habit?
Is being around negative people bad for you?
When is the last time you went outside?
Do you clench your teeth in your sleep?
What part of my brain lights up when I laugh with someone as opposed to laughing at them?
It seems like a ghost enters my body every time I consume alcohol--I do all sorts of weird things like calling people late at night and messaging random numbers. Why does this happen?
Does our personal relations with people affect our achievements and success? If yes, then how does it affect?
Prior to defecation, is there more pressure exerted on the prostate, and could this affect arousal potential or other personality factors?
Why does one feel guilty the morning after heavy drinking?
What are the implications when smoking in public?
Is the apparent correlation betwen menstruation and the Gregorian calendar pure coincidence?
What is the name of the effect caused by alcohol the makes me do things which I normally wouldn't do or regret later?
Are there any real effects of television watching on the development of a baby?
Why do people of the age 14-17 and older smoke? Isn't it obvious that it kills you?
Why would a person start crying and shivering? What could be the underlying cause, and what could be the solution?
What is the most convincing/satisfying answer to the question "why do you smoke?" for someone who doesn't want to quit nor to be bothered about quitting?
If we give up our dreams will something bad happen?
Why do pillows make us feel comfortable while sleeping?
How do you feel about healthy rich people who complain a lot?
Has there ever been a case when a patient had a DNR, but the doctor still resuscitated? And what would be the consequences of violating the DNR?
Does the Medibank Private Health hub and associated marketing actually get people to change behaviour?
How should a Highly Sensitive Person cope with the condition?
For some reason, I feel ultra-motivated only at night, but because of day time, I also start to feel sleepy. What is up with this, and does anyone have any suggestions/comments/personal experiences regarding this?
Does it really feel good to smoke?
Is it physically and/or emotionally unhealthy to lie?
What are some of the side effects (negative or positive) of regularly watching porn?
Does one's genetics have an effect on one's happiness?
How do obese people maintain pride in their looks?
How can a physically weak person survive among strong people?
Does psychology affect how we quantify and/or perceive physical pain?
Do elevated testosterone levels make men more likely to cheat?
Urine is a very good fertilizer. Shouldn't peeing on a tree be encouraged over peeing in a urinal and wasting it?
Zombies: Name of the virus that makes germs of disease?
Is it healthier to express annoyance regularly than it is to consistently be calm, but on occasion have a massive tantrum?
What is the physiological basis of trembling hands?
What do you call the condition where you never experience menstruation?
How can I combat negative thoughts that attack me when I'm alone?
What does it mean to forget logic to stop procastination?
How would people react if diseases were only transmissible instead of contagious?
Why do some people decide to bodybuild and become massive?
Why do we feel weak after donating blood?
What is the best way to answer your manager who asks you to come to the office when you are sick?
Why do we get congested when we cry?
Why do people tend to gain more weight in winter time?
What is the optimal amount of exercise that one needs to complete to see the maximum health benefits before they experience diminishing returns?
What is the moment when you feel happy?
Why do old people in villages wash their hands and their utensils only where they had food?
What triggers do you use for your meditation habits?
Does sliding mode control have a promising future?
Why does your head hurt when you are thinking?
Why should you not get addicted to alcohol after love failure?
Why do people that only talk about weight loss and food drive me nuts?
If early to bed and early to rise is a good idea, why is it so hard to do it?
How do I stop the urge to shave my facial hair?
Sexuality: Why am I so horny, even when I get sex in this week more than 3 times?
Is it possible for diversity and/or tolerance to be harmful? Under what circumstances?
Why do people drink cola even they know cola is bad for their health?
Why do we smoke?
How do you distinguish between an actual need for rest and laziness?
Why do people hide their pain even when they are very hurt?
What is the longest time a person can lie immobile on their back without developing back damage or bedsores?
Are obese people uncomfortable all the time?
Does blowing over a birthday cake to blow out its candles contaminate it by spreading germs over it?
Why are human eyes so good at detecting motion?
What makes us want to pick our scabs?
Why do people avoid coming to counseling?
Why do people get knocked out after getting hit on their head?
How does pornography harm a teenager's life? How can a teenager avoid it?
Why would someone continue smoking?
Why are humans disgusted by the smell of somebody breaking wind but not by the smell of our own wind?
Are the bad effects of marijuana underrated?
Why do some people get more "old" such as the senile type, poor mobility, slow cognitive functioning, than other people at even older ages in their 80s whom seem like they still have their wits as if they were in their 50s?
Why do people suddenly inhale lots of air when they get shocked?
Why do we find taking bath in hot water soothing?
Can open mindedness ever be a bad thing?
What is the neurophysiological difference between when you laugh at others and when you laugh with others?
Despite health warnings, a large number of people continue to smoke all over the world. Should we be concerned, and are there any solutions?
Why don't we drink enough water?
Why does this happen whenever I find something disturbing?
What is wrong with my sleeping pattern?
Why do we feel thirsty after a bath?
Why do some people become motion sick easily while others do not?
What are some characteristics of a healthy family?
What can be a weird tingly feeling in my head?
What are some benefits of social drinking?
Why wasn't masturbation called selfy?
Why do we feel intense joy and unhealthy when there is congestion on the opposite lane and everything runs on ours?
Is it possible that some people need much less sleep than others?
Why do people get so defensive and attacking whenever someone raises questions regarding the logical sense of homosexuality?
Sometimes when I'm angry, I hit myself. Other times I've physically hurt the people I love. How can I deal with this anger?
How do I deal with a negative person who bitches about everyone else, always sees the glass half empty, is not ready to understand when I try to point out his/her negative nature, and happens to be my friend and roommate whose negativity affects my life?
Should we care about being hated by people? If not, is there any training to get rid of it?
Why is sitting so bad for you?
How do I break the vicious cycle of sleeping late and waking up late?
What is that one thought in your mind that nobody knows and yet you fight to live with it?
Why do leg muscles tighten when one takes a bite of something very delicious?
What are some measurable medical metrics that can evaluate if someone is in good mental and physical shape?
Can starving yourself make you cranky?
Do doctors of all ages masturbate? Can it happen in between long hours at work?
How do I get rid of improper sleeping habits?
Where can I find free online guided self-hypnosis which actually helps in pain relief?
What is one piece of general knowledge you have come across (sifting through books/documentaries/reports) that not many people know?
How can we overcome the bad effects of antibiotics?
Is reading 2000 words per minute a good skill to have?
How can we reduce nervousness?
How can I get rid of gynaecomestia?
How does one stay energetic in the day after getting a poor sleep the night before?
How can I stop oversleeping?
Can I improve my fitness with these exercises?
Which inauspicious objects should one get rid of immediately?
How can I train my lower legs?
How do I get rid of my stupid in-laws whose suggestions are always annoying and self-centric?
How can I improve my oral health?
What is the best way to improve stamina?
Why is that I can be very determined about some things ---such as studying abroad, becoming a vegan etc.--- but when it comes to exercising, losing weight or starting a new hobby I've been struggling with it for years?
Is giving soldiers drugs an effective way to increase their efficiency?
What could I do (exercises and stuff) to improve my breathing?
How do I get rid of assholes in life?
Meditation: Has anyone tried this challenge? What are your opinions about it?
The past week I've been trying to improve my posture by drawing my shoulders down and back. My neck and trapezius are kinda tired and causing a little pain. Am I doing it wrong?
India: What are the best ways to keep an existing house cool in dry summers?
How do I increase your running duration?
Is it all right to be super aware of current feelings, constantly looking to change bad ones to good ones, usually with materialistic things, food, cigarettes etc.?
What are some good habits to start my day with?
How do I get rid of pains and muscle stiffness in critical points like hands and feet?
How do you get rid of pus in the back of your throat?
How do I help people get to know, like and trust me in a very short period of time, that could be life-changing for both of us?
How can a 50-year-old person keep motivated to exercise?
How can I feel positive all the time? How do I get rid of the negative vibes around me?
What can I learn in 10 minutes about beauty and health that can make me look better for life?
How could you self-cure bulimia?
How have you changed yourself physically and mentally over the past few years?
What can I do to train my willpower? And how do I do anything energetically?
How can I get rid of these wretched, side snuggling, back thingies?
Is there a cure for chronic fatigue that actually works?
How do I improve myself a bit everyday?
How do I get rid of these painful, itchy skin sores that the doctor said are caused by a non-herpes virus?
How can you increase your bust?
Is there a natural cure for gout?
How can I improve my health, given that I have to eat mess-food in college?
Should I be concerned about my short height?
What are some every day changes in your lifestyle that will improve your health?
Can increased exposure to anions (negative ions) improve health and decrease cancer risk?
How does meditation improve intelligence?
What are some of the most effective ways of achieving and maintaining a desired behavioural change (say a person wants to quit smoking, quit porn-watching, or start exercising regularly)?
Has anybody been helped by Melanie Tonia Evans in narcissistic relationships?
What are some ways to increase EBIT without increasing the sales?
What are some effective ways to stop the reduce the effects of ageing on the body?
Psychologists, how can I get rid of melancholy?
What are the most effective ways/methods for keeping your optimum mental capacity?
How do I improve the color tone of my face?
What is the best way to block porn?
What are the best ways to be mentally fit (not intellectually), but have a good and healthy intellectuality without therapy or counseling?
How can I stop drinking?
How do I break a habit I've had for 15 years?
How does oil pulling Ayurveda technique work to remove lethargy and laziness in the morning? What's the reason or science behind this?
What is the best way to deal with chronic stress as opposed to standard stress?
How can I get rid of eczema on my face?
What is the best way to readjust your sleep if you sleep in the morning and wake up in the afternoon?
Does aspirin improve running performance?
How do Superachievers and workaholics maintain a high energy level and attention span throughout the day?
Does playing cards boost your brain health?
What is the best app to help start meditating daily?
What are the ways to get rid of flat foot?
How do I increase my eye vision as I'm wearing specs?
How do I get rid of a mentally sick & mad person and also get over the victim mentality?
How can I completely get rid of my sexual desire and stop lusting after someone?
What makes me addicted to milk?
What are some great ways to get into meditation?
How can I quit smoking if I am a weak person with low will power?
What are the best tips to improve BMI (body mass index) to normal?
Can anyone help me in getting rid of my bad habits regarding health?
How can I strengthen my joints?
What is the best mindset to get rid of bad life situation which really sucks and make you depressed?
How can I overcome my blood phobia?
How do I stop being germophobic?
What behaviors could you adopt or change to help you become more resistant to infection in general? How would this behavioral change increase your resistance to infection?
What are the ways to gain control on your behaviour?
Does quitting alcohol improve brain functions?
How long until meditating helps?
What are the modern ways of getting rid of a unibrow?
How can I be physically strong and powerful?
What health goals should a woman set for herself in her early 20's?
What is a way to avoid having breath in the morning?
What are some ways for me to develop a more exciting and energetic personality?
Wellbeing: What are the main lifestyle-related behaviors that contribute to health problems, from a health care provider's perspective?
Why do we pick our nose and how can we train ourselves to stop?
How do I increase my cheeks?
How do I relieve my stress right now?
How can I get rid of my battlenet account?
What are some techniques/tricks people can use to improve their posture while working on a laptop?
Are the benefits of meditation due to the focused attention?
What are some of the effective ways to slow down and take a better care of yourself?
Can meditation help the INFPs?
How do you get rid of whiteheads around your mouth?
How do I get rid of the shadow of divorce?
How can we take care of e-waste in Nepal (developing country)?
How do you improve the Toes-to-Bar (TTB) movement in your workout?
How do I get rid of under-confidence, sleep deprivation, feeling fatigued, and being a useless booger and gain will power as a 14-year-old?
Why am I more hungry when I'm not going to school.
Why, and when, in time did humans start sleeping on the bed?
Is it normal for the ribs and backribs to show?
How do I manage hunger with no appetite?
Do people who sneeze incredibly loud do so intentionally?
How do so many people manage to function perfectly well when they are evidently unhealthy and rarely exercise?
Health: How do I stop a yawn in its tracks?
What does craving for ice chips shows? Is it a disease or a normal behavior?
Is it worse for one's health to lie down than to sit while reading, writing, watching TV, etc.?
Recently, I've found myself completely sapped of energy and motivation. Could it be due to stress from recent tests I had taken?
Is masturbation cheating the system?
How much do people fart?
Why do some people condemn consuming alcohol (health reasons)? Don't they know anything not in moderation has ill-effects?
How many times does a person masturbate on average?
How do people cope with having chronic paresthesia?
Do more crimes and fatal accidents occur at night? If so, are there overall benefits to reversing the typical wake-sleep pattern?
Why do people snort pills?
Why can't people stop drinking though they know it's bad for their health and it makes some conflicts or a miserable life?
What would cause me to randomly cry when I wake up?
Is drinking acohol bad?
Nowadays people struggle with stress. What's the reason?
Why do we get sleepy?
There is a belief that shaking the legs is considered a bad behaviour. Is there any scientific reason behind that?
Why are so many people in America allergic to peanuts?
What is the best way to react when people address you as fat so often?
How often do people with chronic migraines have them stop recurring for good?
How do we get people to stop drinking and driving?
Why am I so frustrated when I'm physically tired?
Is homesteading going to go away since most people rely on the supermarket?
Why do people say do not go outside after sneezing?
Do other people pound (bang) on their head when they have a headache?
Is it normal for someone to be scared of becoming an amputee? Is this normal?
Why do people make such a big deal about STD's?
Why is plastic not being banned, even if it is considered as one of the things that will eat the entire world one day?
Why do my eyes water when I yawn? Why do I yawn so much?
If people say "depression and anxiety is caused by heart problems in any age " while doctors say that the heart is functioning normally then what does that mean?
What happens if someone skips adolescence?
Why shouldn't we judge someone by their drinking habits? Isn't drinking a bad thing?
Why is it whenever I don't sleep for many days I become extremely emotionally sensitive, negative, and immature? Is this normal?
As an introvert, does associating with people online make you tired?
Why do people get cold and fever during exams?
Why do people consider fat women "real" and skinny women "fake"?
Is it possible to be addicted to something you've never had?
Does cuddling with a dog relieve stress?
How does people without large intenstine survive?
What would be the possible reasons for woman to stay inside of home instead of being out?
Why is the risk of a stroke in young people on the rise?
Why are cigarettes still sold even though they are harmful?
What is concealed in human ovulation given that human menstruation is absolutely obvious?
Why do people fast?
How many people actually wash their hands after they pee in the privacy of their own home?
Why do people get tired so easily?
How often do people have little symptoms that they don't go to the doctor for?
Why do people feel the need to give me glares and go out of their way to forcefully cough in my face?
Is it possible to get the caffeine effects without taking it?
Is there scientific evidence that people are more likely to get ill before exams?
Why are people indifferent about their health? Why do so many people smoke and consume fast food while they are all aware and educated?
Why do people often become irritable when they are tired?
What are the benefits of resisting yawning?
Why do we feel stress?
How can we get young people to care more about their health?
Why do people worry about their health?
Is forcing a smile a better behavior than allowing smiles to come when they do?
Why don't some people care about their own health?
Do people get phantom pains during withdrawal from opioid painkillers?
Is cynicism healthy? Or is it a sign of depression?
Is it true that masturbation makes people dumb? Is there a scientific explanation behind it?
Are there any risks for my health if I try to switch from being right-handed to left-handed?
Why do people consume alcohol despite the awful taste?
Why do people say we are not supposed shake our legs continuously when we are in a sitting position? Is this due to a health reason or is it not good etiquette?
How can I stop going to the bathroom in the mornings?
How can I cure myself of my masturbation problem and conquer my demons?
Do people get time to exercise after graduating from the IIMs?
What is the reason for one to yawn a lot?
How should I react if my friends tease me all the time for being fat?
Is is it normal to change opinions and feelings about stuff/people a lot all the time? Like multiple times on the same day
How much faster do people having a chronic depression age?
If we neglect to take care of other humans to care of the humans under our responsibility, does this show we do not have humanity?
Why does the same person is treated nicely when she looks good, but treated badly when this person does not look as good anymore?
What can I do to stop bingeing at night?
Why are there so many Americans who feel stressful?
Does daily masturbating lead to depression, anxiety, and weakness?
Why are some people more energetic?
Why is there more rush at a wine shop than a milk shop?
Why are we so hesitant to go for medical examination when we are ill?
Why do people make fun of obese people?
Why are most people careless regarding their own health in spite of being well-educated and wealthy?
Can fasting reverse the sleep-wake (diurnal) cycle back to its natural rhythm?
Why is it so easy to stay awake until 6am but so hard to wake up at 6am?
How do I smile more?
Why do we always look at the water in the glass before drinking?
Is it possible to think yourself better from certain minor aches and pains?
Why is obesity being celebrated in recent media, after people have been trying to enforce healthy body images for so long to get rid of the idea of anorexia being attractive? Why would people want to advertise obesity, which is just as unhealthy?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Why would you want to break your own wrist?
Is being sarcastic bad for your health?
Why do college guys drink and smoke?
How can narcissist become healthy?
Do obese people have to have psychological/social support to drop over 100 pounds and keep it off?
Why do people drink coffee with 6 creams and 5 sugars?
Are fat people limited in bed?
Why do people become so tired once they reach 30?
Why don't we eat healthy?
Why does vaginal sexual intercourse feel different with different women? Are all vaginas the same or, if not, what causes the penis to feel different?
Why are some people prejudiced against overweight people?
Why are people cling so strongly to alternative  remedies (i.e., "therapies" for which research has failed to prove their efficacy)
Does everyone always shower after taking a poop if possible?
How long can you bear to stay idle like when your mind hardly goes through a deserving exercise?
What are the ill-effects of not crying when you should?
Why do some people breathe from their mouths?
Why do people smoke when the risks are so serious?What can be done to discourage them?
How do you treat autosomal aneuploidy?
Why do people still think that video games are harmful for your health?
As we age, do we actually get more hungover or are we just drinking more?
Why do some people get hiccups when they're hungry?
Do people with prosopagnosia see faces and don't recognize them or are the face blurred?
What kind of people don't floss their teeth?
Does poor customer behavior make employees stressed out?
Is masturbation bad for sportsmen?
Why does people get bald at younger age?
Would you eat food off the ground?
Is it normal to feel lazy after meditation?
How do you manage stress as a waiter, when people don't tip?
Why do people start drinking?
Can stupidity be cured?
Why do some people have trouble sleeping with the lights switched on, even though we sleep with our eyes closed?
Why is it that people (more often than not) advise against going to gym: myths or scientific reasons?
Why do some people speak the name of god(s) after sneezing/yawning?
Why do people get sick after finals week?
When is going too slow fast?
Why do people close their ears when vomiting?
Is it normal to wash your palms every 10-15 minutes?
What is it like to get rid of all emotions?
How do physical dysfunctions come from repeated motions? How does the assembly line shape the behavior of the workers?
How does smoking marijuana in the long-term affect your personality and thinking when sober?
What are the health benefits of peeing standing up?
Hypothetically, if a person was in a well-cushioned elevator and the cable snaps on, say, the 20th floor, would the person survive?
Which type of swimsuit is the best for thin-framed people?
Is it mean to act like a normal person when someone close to you is not well?
Is frequent masturbation normal for girls? And why do I feel bad after doing it?
Why are there so many people hating on girls being skinny, while one of the biggest diseases of the Western world is obesity?
If hypnotherapy really effective to change behaviour?
For what reason does an infant stool become dark green?
Why are some people much more prone to addiction than others?
Is it normal that sometimes the thought of killing myself gives me a sense of relief?
Is it a sickness to want to understand one's emotions and thoughts to the point of obsession? If so, what is its name?
Why are many people so focused on preventing hair loss and on growing more hair?
Why do some people get nauseated when they play or watch first-person-shooter games?
Why does the style and sound of sneezing vary from person to person?
Can weak people with a weak digestion and immune system join a gym?
Is my attachment to my stuffed animal unhealthy?
Why do some people get hiccups when they eat?
Why do smart people often collapse?
Is it true that people hesitate to tell their children reality sometimes, even though they know it might harm someday?
Which is a good genuine group on net to help obese people like me?
Why do people make me sick?
Give me some tricks for masturbation?
What are the consequences of masturbating everyday? I masturbate once a day and sometimes its thrice? Is it normal?
How many people are CPR certified?
What are the Christian arguments against masturbation?
How can one treat low spermcount?
What kind of fruit (or vegetable) prevents or gets rid of diabetes?
What are ways to naturally get rid of armpit odor?
How do I rid myself of Complacency?
Are there any medicines to stop a tumour progression?
What are good ways to walk correctly?
How can I improve my running posture?
How did large dinosaurs get rid of excess body heat?
How can one regain confidence after experiencing mental health issues and maintain that confidence despite ongoing mental health issues?
How can I stop thinking about fitness, gym, exercise and eating healthy all the time?
How do you stop ferrets from smelling?
How can I get rid of the obsessive-compulsive disorder of sleeping late at night?
How do you get rid of the Holden Caulfield syndrome?
Is there an effective way to prevent canker sores?
How can I decrease or get rid of the sweating in the armpit parts?
How can I get rid of a strong bond with my crush?
How do I commute from Noida to Daryaganj on a daily basis, besides the metro?
What are some tried and tested ways to get rid of Mormons and Jehova's Witnesses when they come knocking at your door?
How can I get rid off from stomach pain?
Is there any exercise or remedy that can help to get rid of cellulite?
It is safe to use allopathic medicine for using personal improvement?
How can you improve the smell of your breath?
How can I get rid of social jet lag quickly after having a long-time holiday?
How could one increase their dopamine levels for a long time naturally?
What is the quickest way to increase my arm strength?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts?
What are some great ways or techniques to improve breathing and/or form while performing burpee exercises?
Who are some of the people that sleep less and still work hard?
How can I get rid of air in the water lines?
What can I do to get rid of rotten egg burps?
How can I get rid of belly button gunk?
Can abstinence from sex improve our health, looks, intelligence, etc.?
How can I get rid of a dead animal in the wall?
What is a good book on fixing postural problems for standing, sitting and fixating on a computer, reading and using my phone?
Is there a way to stop masturbating and control myself from doing it daily 2 times?
Can anyone get rid of drinking habit by hypnosis therapy?
What are the effective ways to calm yourself down when you are almost OOC?
How can I get rid of my extremely horny nature?
How do I gain my self-confidence back when I have been depending on luck all the time?
What is the best way to get rid of self pity?
How do I get rid of misogynistic thoughts and feelings from my mind?
How do I relieve myself from parental pressure and criticism?
How can I get rid of acne problems and what are the causes?
How do you get rid of hairy arms?
How can I get rid of a rash from deodorant?
How do I constantly grow and improve myself both in mentality & Physicality?
What are the best ways of being on the ball, maintaining concentration and reducing mistakes during a normal 8 hour day?
How do you get rid of a mouth blister?
No matter how much self-help I seek out, I still feel the same. Why?
Certain thoughts and images are always stuck in the head, how to get rid of those?
How do you get rid of hair getting tangled when you are out?
How do I 'get rid of' my deep affection for my girlfriend?
What is the ultimate way to stop sharing the pain?
How do I motivate my wife to get fit?
What do I do with my laziness?
What are the things that exhaust us (mentally, physically, both)?
Physical Therapy: What is a good way to increase knee flexion?
How can I solve my "unsure" mind problem? (read the description to understand what I want to say)
How do I get rid of acidity and headache?
How do health/beauty brands cultivate a strong following?
Why do we produce green mucus? How can we get rid of it physically?
What are some proven ways I can overcome my vices?
What will get rid of strong odors?
What are some homeopathic ways to get rid of fleas?
What should I do to get rid of this person?
What is the most efficient way to increase hormone levels?
What are the best ways to treat thrush in children?
What are ways to get rid of premature wrinkles?
How can running every day improve me physically and mentally?
Can low calories and low body fat correlate with depression?
What are the best ways to treat thrush?
What strategy helped you both lose weight and maintain energy levels or even increase them?
Which is the most energetic and least energetic form of cyclohexane?
How do you get rid of dry, cracked heels?
How can I get rid off of unnecessary distractions that are no longer needed in my life?
Why does exercise make me feel worse off?
What is the best way to get rid of plantar warts?
How can I get rid of my feet pain?
Male entrepreneurs, if you came upon a site that would give you membership access to weekly workouts, meal plans, system for getting more done in less time and finding balance in your life, would you join it?
What are some good ways to get rid of heartburn?
What are the daily habits that have an immense impact on fitness and health?
How does a person develop a healthy attitude towards sex?
What is the best way to make yourself energetic for the entire day?
How do I get rid of the things which depress me?
What is the best exercises (books, etudes, etc.) to develop a technique and gain better speed based on your very own experience?
How do you get rid of a head cold?
What are the best foods and exercises to improve lung health?
How do you strengthen your mind to withstand incredible career pressure?
What are techniques to get rid of cramps at school?
How come dentists always tell me I'm doing something wrong, no matter how hard I try to follow their advice?
How do I get rid of white spots on my teeth?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What does it feel like to have to get rid of a lot of stuff?
Can you get rid of cellulite on the back of your legs?
What should a 25 year old start doing now to live an healthy life into 60s?
As a 50-year-old, how do I get rid of the prostate?
How can I get rid of pissants in my kitchen?
How do I get rid of my kitten's odor?
If I'm not in a certain mood, I can't bring myself to be productive no matter what. This habit is problematic for my academic and professional performance. How do I break this?
What should I do to get rid of a severe head congestion?
How do I get rid off morning weakness?
How can I avoid sitting down too much?
How do I get rid of impotence?
How do I get rid of dark toenails?
What are the best ways to feel great right after waking up in the morning, both physically and mentally?
How do I get rid of magical thinking (anxiety)?
What is the most effective way to smell your own breath?
How can I improve my mental energy level?
What are some ways to naturally enhance your glutes without working out?
What are some multi-vitamins that allow you to focus for long hours and be very energetic?
Can I do yoga in the morning and running in the evening on a daily basis?
How can I get rid of an oily nose?
Is it possible to get rid of hypersensitivity?
What are a few exercises which help get rid of obesity, but do not affect growth?
How can I get rid of grudges against my own mother?
How can one get rid of their tensions when working with deadlines?
What can I do to retain my physical fitness and mental health as I live past the age of 30?
How do I get rid of the bad odor from freshly made wedding cards?
How can I improve my sleeping habits during vacations?
How can I keep my motivation to achieve something ever active?
How do I get rid of the white patches on my elbow?
How do you get rid of tooth pain?
Why would someone smoke oregano? Are there any health risks or benefits?
Do food, exercises, and climate have influence on one's mood? If so, how do these things influence?
Why isn't there a cure for mental deterioration and panic disorder when so many people are disabled, homeless inefficient and simply broken?
What is the psyche of people behind health product?
What makes a person feel sleepy?
What are some ways the current 1st world lifestyle is making us fat?
What is Addicted about?
Health: Why do some people have unhealthy lifestyle？?
How does PCP affect a person physically?
How can yawning be neuro-physiologically described?
How do scale & complexity of systems interact to affect human and environmental systems? -social studies
Would you get cryogenically frozen? Why?
Why do some people never seem tired? How could one be like them?
Which is more harmful sitting or lying down?
What do MMA fighters do when they get sick? Both When Training for a fight, and the Day OF/BEFORE the Fight?
What are some of the underlying causes of kleptomania? Is it possible to grow out of the behavior?
Do people eat according to the food's nutrition value?
Why don't people talk about Vivian Murdock, the first child with Autism? Or one patient, whose father is Frederick Wellman, a plant pathologist?
Why do people become obese?
What is mental masturbation?
Men's Health: I am 19 and mastrubate daily, is this normal? How will it affect my health?
How do I recover from three sleepless nights?
Has any seemingly healthy person ever gone to bed as normal and woken up completely blind?
What misconceptions do people have about fat people?
Whenever I'm furiously angry, my nose starts to gush blood at a 0.5 drop per second tempo for 15 or more minutes. Is that something serious to look into?
Why do so many people seem to defy medical predictions that "you'll never walk again"?
Why to people actually want to get sick to avoid doing things they dread?
How can you treat geliophobia using psychology?
In India do people care about disposable tableware's quality and hygiene?
Why we resist taking a bath, knowing that it is good?
What's the longest you've gone without seeing another person?
Are there any supplements that increase appetite?
Psychiatry: Is this only a Distraction or some mental health issue?
What are the top 5 things 90% of the people get wrong?
Do thin people usually get diabetes?
Why are some people are more prone to deep self-analyzing and self-mastering/actualization?
Why do people exercise?
Who does masturbation?
Why should we forgive or tolerate people who deny climate change any longer as if civility were a better option?
What happen if I masturbate several times per week?
Why does alcohol reduce essential tremor short term but it's worse the day after?
How long does it take to become physically addicted to alcohol?
How frequently can one masturbate without health concerns?
Why do we like foods that are bad for us? Isn't it against the survival instinct?
Why do some people burp or fart so loudly in public?
Why do people eat unhealthy food if they know it's unhealthy?
If we eliminated death by illness or natural causes, how would human nature change?
Why is it like easy to start drinking and smoking and difficult to get rid of them?
Why do some people get sick on car rides?
What happens to the neck muscles when a person yawns?
What are some reasons that might cause constant sleepiness?
Are obese people more empathic than skinny/normal/whatever you call it ones?
How do people develop physical inactivity? How does it affect our health?
What are once popular things people used to do that still have merit?
Why do people get surprised when they hear a very fat girl has a boyfriend? Aren't fat people humans?
Why do some people get so tired at night?
People have different diets based on location, availability and religion. Some are vegetarian while others are non-vegetarian. How is it that no nutritional deficiency can be attributed to people from a specific location, religion or preference?
Do people who sleep a lot shrink less over their lifetime?
Is it bad for a 16 year old to be nocturnal?
How do you calm someone down if they aren’t able to give or withhold consent but won’t give assent to medical procedure like cardioversion?
Can people with cochlear implants hear when someone is talking?
Is it possible that I cannot function well in the same room with my sibling-sister that annoys me? (with whom I have not-so-good relation)
How do people who follow strict diets socialize?
Instead of anti- smoking ad campaigns and making normal people feel bad about themselves, why can't the govt just ban cigarettes?
Why do people 'let themselves go' during the holiday season?
Does crying out aloud have benefits, especially to your heart?
Are some people immune to antidepressant medication?
What stops people from exercising?
Is it considered bulimic if you make yourself get sick because the food you just ate makes you feel bad (bloated/ill)?
Why do people always insist that becoming vegan is a personal choice?
Why do we have a sudden urge to drink water after eating anything sweet?
Is it rude or uncouth not to cover your mouth when you cough if you're on your own?
Should hospitals be able to deny employment to people who are overweight/obese or otherwise unhealthy?
What happens if a person stays in a dark room for a long time?
If humans started to work during the night and sleep during the day, would the next generation of humans be nocturnal?
Why do you put all sick people together in a hospital?
How do you treat a Myoma?
What types of "rules" do people use to govern healthy eating?
What are the effects on health of shame?
Do ambulances make it a priority to take people to public hospitals or do they just take them to any nearby health center?
How do people get a fever?
What is the cause of a sudden loud hiccups?
Why do people get tired even when they are sitting in a bus or a plane?
What's normal, whipping standing up or sitting down?
What is the human dosage of acepromazine?
Do people judge you if you've been sick for an extended period of time (3+ years)?
What do you say to some self-obsessed people who always claim that they too thin and they don't put on weight at all, even though while looking at them you feel they are not so skinny?
Is it possible to detect a disease in a person by observing their mannerisms?
Are people with depression more likely to be left-wing?
How will behaviour change impact all of the dimensions of wellness?
Is it unhealthy to be objective about everything?
Is it bad to prefer not taking on many responsibilities?
Why do people like to consume?
How can I overcome embarrassment about an increased weight and fat?
What are the causes of diplococci?
How can we avoid mindless snacking?
Why do people talk about free healthcare while it's not " free " at all?
 Why do I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and feel like I have a better perspective of death?
Why do people celebrate with unhealthy things like alcohol and cake, but not healthy food?
Why do naturally skinny people run?
What are the ways in which music has changed you for the better?
Why do people like maggi noodles even after knowing that nestle put all us in jeopardy?
Do doctors take advantage of people who don't know enough about medicine and how their body works?
Health: How do I undo / suppress the damage of sitting?
Why do we wake up sad when we go to sleep in the evening/afternoon?
What is the most you can masturbate without it affecting you?
Who gets more disturbed by being hungry, fat or thin people?
Psychology of Everyday Life: How can people unable to work due to disabilities live so relaxed?
Do economists smoke weed?
Why are people so mean to fat people?
Why does my face turn red whenever I say something in class?
Is it okay for someone to gossip about someone else's serious health problems?
How do you report a person for a wellness check?
What does healthy food mean to you when people least care about themselves?
Do people who get sweat easily can not stand cold temperature?
Is it true that if I think too much about a disease, it will really happen to me?
What should I do when I dont like my body being fat?
What are some possible reasons someone may find himself unable to do any mental hard working?
Is there an interest on educating people to their health?
How do I prevent myself from smoking?
What can I do to get rid of this awful cramping I get between the thumb and forefinger of my fretting hand when I'm playing the guitar?
How do I get rid of a possessive tag at the workplace?
How can I increase my hip and thighs at home?
What is the best way to get rid of the metallic aftertaste from an orally disintegrating tablet?
How does walking meditation help? What is its protocol?
How do I get rid of my father's hold on my life?
How did Johnny Depp get rid of his bad teeth?
How can I get rid of a quarrelsome wife?
What would you do if you had tried to improve your life for the past 15 years and it had just gotten worse and worse in ways you never thought possible, especially healthwise? Would you end it?
Is it possible to increase one's capacity to simultaneously consider multiple pieces of information?
Losing motivation to workout at home. How do I get my motivation to lift again?
What is the best way to get rid of fever blisters fast?
What are the best ways to control your partner's anxiety issue?
How can one be a less energetic speaker?
How do I regain my appetite, and have better sleep while on citalopram?
The doctor said "you have nerves on your intestines." What did she mean by that? Is it bad? Should I change my eating habits?
How can I get rid of my hatred and anger towards myself and others?
How do I get back to my old (last 2 years) eating habit?
How do you take care of yourself?
How do I become a good telemedicine Health professional?
How do you get rid of the garlic taste in your mouth?
What can I do to make my left tricep stop twitching?
How can I get a body like this?
Reva Aesthetics: Is there any laser method to get rid of pigmentation?
How can I get rid of my feelings?
How do I get rid from family tensions?
How can I get rid of eczema?
What is the fastest way to improve cardiovascular fitness?
How do you get rid of blood pimples?
How do I get rid of spider veins on my nose?
What is a good way to improve my running abilities?
As an Indian citizen, what is the best I can do with the mostly biased media, who are making big issues out of nothing?
How do I get rid of lines under my eyes?
Will the health of my lungs significantly improve if I just smoke five sticks a day instead of one pack a day?
How can one increase his/her accuracy while doing some task?
How can I get rid of a down mood caused by a sad farewell in 24 hours?
What chores do you do on a daily basis to reduce the burden on your husband?
What are the ways to reduce anger?
How do I follow a diet if I work at night times and day times regularly?
What are the most effective ways to eliminate triggers?
Why does meditation help reduce stress?
How do I get rid of my lisp and improve my speech quality?
Will the gym help me get rid of a minor depression, even though my body is not the reason for the depression?
What is a healthy medication/supplement to help noticeably improve focus/drive?
Is it possible to get an armpit zit? How do you get rid of it?
How do you get rid of forehead lines?
What is the best way to get rid if excess fat without exercising or dieting?
How do I improve my blood circulation?
Does working in alternate shifts (night-day-night and so on) affects badly your body weight, hairs and skin? I have lost my hairs, body weight decreased, less hunger, and skin tone also became darker. What can I do to improve my health?
How do I maintain a good self-esteem despite being judged (physically) by people day in and out?
How do I keep myself active?
How do I get rid of pimple redness overnight?
How do you get rid of the smelly smell of my blue judogi?
How do I get rid of an all-time headache?
What can I do or take to get rid of a fungus called the acremonium species?
How to get rid of chest pain fast and naturally?
Can 7 Dust get rid of fleas?
How do I naturally get rid of an allergy that makes me sneeze?
How can I get rid of sweaty palms and feet?
How do I get rid of my brother's stubborn nature?
Health: What is the best way to get fully recovered from a low back pain working in the office?
What are possible ways to increase the efficiency of a sterling engine?
Is there any way to get rid of glasses?
How do I keep myself active throughout the day?
How do I get rid of my overemotional nature?
What is the best (& cheap) way to get rid of body odour?
How do you get rid of Daddy Long Leg spiders around your house?
How do I overcome that every morning I feel very sleepy and cannot concentrate on my studies, and my headaches too despite sleeping for 8-9 hours every night?
What are the best ways to prevent alcohol overconsumption?
How do I get rid of fat deposits?
How can I stop surviving and start thriving?
Does napping during the day reduced the time I need to sleep at night?
How do you change your mindset about health?
How drastically can your face change through exercise and by getting lean?
What are the best ways to overcome anemia?
A girl is being chased by a rowdy person every day on the way to her office. What can she do to avoid these circumstances?
How can I get rid of texting girls?
How do I deal with the urge to stop meditating?
Can we get rid of OCD if we make ourselves busy?
How can I get rid of excess fat and gain mass?
Does swallowing garlic help get rid of ringworms?
How do you get rid of pockmarks?
How do I motivate myself to exercise in the lazy lethargic atmosphere of winter?
What if we make a bomb potent enough to destroy this entire planet to get rid of all the problems?
How do I become taller, stronger and healthier? Where should I begin?
What are the best and effective ways to get rid of tanning for women?
How do you get rid of a wrist ganglion without an operation?
What are the quickest and daily ways for improving one's health?
How do you get rid of frown lines on forehead?
Is it possible to achieve for yourself the same dramatic weight loss routinely shown on the TV show "Extreme Weight Loss? How?
What is the medicine for joint pain? Is there one that you do not develop a tolerance for?
How can I get rid of an eating disorder?
How can I get rid of obesity?
What is the best way to get rid of foggy-headedness from grief and depression after losing a loved one?
How do I make my stomach stronger?
How do you get rid of your introspection?
How do you get rid of redness on your face?
How can I walk away from an unhealthy behavior?
How can I fix my eyesight?
What is the best medicine to calm oneself?
Why are good people always prone to injustice?
Is it ok to be lazy how does it effect your health there are many lazy people that have encountered no health risks at all?
Why do skinny people who don't exercise not get fat?
Can you be exhausted from thinking too much?
What's the difference between a person before and after a season of distance running training?
Would single-payer healthcare be easier to pass if certain people still had to pay some portion out of pocket, and certain people did not?
Can you become physically dependent on melatonin supplements?
Is it true that we can make any person a butcher, if conditioned properly since childhood?
How can you tell a person is really healthy by only looking at him/her?
Why do girls cross their legs when they lay down?
How can I stop worrying about my health so much?
What is something addictive and healthy?
Do our emotions affect our physical heath? How exactly?
What is it called when someone starts hyperventilating instead of getting upset? Why does this happen?
Why some people get body pain in cloudy environment?
Is it normal for my muscles to be noticeably disproportionate or structured differently?
Can your thoughts harm you?
Could Facebook be potentially more harmful to young people than television was alleged to be?
How can I be a good wife when I struggle with health issues and it seems to make him mad?
What behavior can cause eye cancer?
Why don't people see the contradiction between allowing all refugees into a country and maintaining social programs such as free health care?
Is it possible to get cancer of pre-existing cancer?
What do you hate the most about receiving health advice from your doctor?
Why does chicken soup make people feel better when they are sick?
Is lethargy innate or acquired from childhood observations/environment?
What are the best and worst allied health careers for someone who's clumsy?
Which is the safest country for human beings with respect to pollution, food adulteration & pesticide residues?
How do you handle living with your soon to be in-law when they do something which destroys what little health you have every time they do it?
Does the age at which certain things become safe change from person to person?
If smoking is bad, why don't people sell straight nicotine?
How do you treat mastoid lumps?
Why is it so hard for people to do what they know they need to do and also know how to do?
Do people get tired of the constant outrageous tirades from Trump?
Why doesn't my mother buy sun screen? She says that it's really bad for you but so does not wearing any sunscreen
How can you treat a bibasilar platelike atelectasis?
Do you hate extremely skinny people?
What is an exercise that is good for people with asthma?
How can I prevent getting a fecalith?
Is it (more often than not) possible to tell from the voice alone if a person is fat?
With the issues surrounding the VA, why can't the US enact a policy for all health facilities to care and treat veterans at little or no cost?
Why do people say masturbation causes weakness? Is it true?
How do I know if my body is 100% healthy?
Why do people choose to be fat?
How do I lose my gut?
Why do people pass out when they are shocked?
Is it harmful to talk to one person everyday?
Is it true vegan/vegetarians get longer lives, but spend that extra time on the toilet?
Which kind of people get treatment from psychologist and which kind of people get treatment from psychiatrist?
Why do younger people experience time as longer while elder people experience it as shorter?
What is pernio chilblains? How can you treat it?
What are some things most people unknowingly do on a daily basis that deteriorates health?
What are the ways to treat blepharitis?
Why do people stretch when they're tired?
What are some researched explanations for dyslexia and why people have it?
Is it harmful to check my phone in the morning?
Is it normal to have worms in your taquitos?
Is it harmful to read on your phone before bedtime?
How can I treat a bump on my head?
Why do people who are physically fit usually have strong minds?
How often can one mastrubate?
Shouldn't counsellors study healthy people too?
What can be done to treat alcohlics?
What are some reasons why someone might have long term dizziness?
Why do fat people prefer to use skinny jeans instead of regular fit?
Does smoking cigarettes make people moody?
Do you think people will do ANYTHING for a full stomach?
What are care values? How does it relate to health and social care?
How do I treat a shoe-bite?
Why is it that after a shower my skin starts itching like crazy?
Why do I think poorly of other fat teens but I am a fat teen?
Is there a role of genetics in how long a person can run?
What could it signify if your body craves mayonnaise? I look forward to joke and serious answers?
Is too much testosterone a bad thing?
What are some of the psychological tricks to stop the urge to eat?
How do people become resistant to diseases?
Why do my senses sometimes get switched? Why do I sometimes hear on my right side what s on my left side, and the other way around?
What are some problems that physically and mentally challenged people have?
How do you treat a distended eardrum?
What makes a person more energetic?
Why do some people shake their legs up and down while sitting during class?
What are some healthy ways for a person to fulfill a need for more attention?
Why am I feeling lazy and sleepy all through the day but not at night?
Why are some people naturally skinny?
Why I have too much frustation in my mind and too much hatred and anger towards every person around me?
Can I stop severe, excessive blushing?
Why do people go for enema?
What causes lumps behind the head? How do you treat them?
Why do my mind and body work so much better at night?
India: Do indians still wear the Yajñopavīta? and do the initiation rituals?
What health mistakes do most people make?
Does the absorbtion and effects Strattera (amoxetine) take less time to act once the individual has been taking it for an extended amount of time?
What are some seemingly harmless things that are actually detrimental to your health?
Is post-surgical irritability normal?
Will my actions, words, behaviors, even health impact my child?
What are the things you discover in health that nobody know (Not the majority, but nobody)?
How can I stop impulsive behavior when it come to alcohol and drugs?
What does it mean when certain articles say that skinny people have more efficient partitioning of nutrients to their needs?
What is that nobody tells you about your health?
Why is PMK potrayed negatively in the media?
What are some negative health behaviors?
Is there such a thing as saying I love you to your boyfriend too much? Is every day too much?
Is it common for autistic people to have hyper mobile joints?
If one does not have eyes, cannot hear, cannot smell, cannot feel touch and cannot taste, how is it possible to learn?
Why do I feel the need to defecate when I feel extremely nervous?
Why is farting so fun?
What are some good early morning habits?
How does one decide whether to act on feeling or thoughts? I've always acted on what would be best for my mental health. Are there any reasons or situations I shouldn't?
Why do people not exercise and get fat when they know it'll cause health issues and premature death?
On average, how many times do humans cry per day?
What is the best way to deal with people who criticize the decision to eat healthfully and how should I decline their alternative offers?
Your answer moved me. Many on both sides think like you. Is there anything ordinary people can do to heal the wounds?
Why is Albuterol recommended to treat coughs?
How many people do you need for a healthy gene pool?
How does one know when they're doing too much or too little when depressed?
Why do so many people spend time onto the internet？Is it worthwhile?
I feel physically unwell too when I know my ex is unwell. My severity tends to be on a lower level but lasts longer. Why is this happening?
Does excessive seratonin makes you aggressive and why?
Is there scientific evidence that vaccinations are harmful? Why do people choose not to vaccinate their children?
What are some ways I can reduce my urge and need to burn things?
When we are trying to not cry, why do we feel that lump in our throat?
What is the best way to get rid of the temptation of arguing?
How can I get a strong and big body?
What are some ways to get rid of 'fuzzy brain' quickly?
How do I shift focus back on my goals?
How do you effectively get rid of belly button odor?
What are some tips for stopping biting your cheek?
How do I get rid off synkenises problem occurred due to Bell's palsy?
Intellux - Is it really effective to increase intelligency?
What is the smell coming from my shower drain? How do I get rid of it?
What is the most important change you've made to improve your health and fitness?
How do I get rid these dimples by my eyes
How do you get rid of doves?
How well does Xtra laundry detergent get rid of coffee stains?
How do I get rid of consistent drainage/mucus in my throat from smoking too much weed?
What are the best ways to alleviate pain from TMJ disorder?
How do I arrange to be away from problems, and how do I best get rid of problems?
What are the most effective ways to improve ones stamina?
How can I get rid of my lust?
How do I get rid of over-attached people?
What is the single, most important thing you can change to ensure a longer and healthier life?
What is the best way to get rid of excessive masturbation and take care of my health?
What treatments to improve health or cognitive ability are effective but have not become mainstream?
How do I get rid of a double chin?
How can a "newbie" train to be a better fighter and increase his punching power?
How can I make my mind exercise?
How do I train myself, physically and mentally to join the NSG?
How can I get rid of a two-year-old bump on my forehead?
What are the best ways, apart from medication, to keep diabetes in control?
What are some good habits for people living with arthrosis of the knee?
What is the best and cheapest way to get rid of mites in mattress?
Has oil pulling worked for you and how?
What are some exercises to make my eyes blink less, or some advanced eye contact exercises (I am already good at it and I just want to get better)?
How does laughing improve health?
How can I get rid of white dry spot on my face? It has affected my appearance
How do I get rid of depression for a kid like me?
How do I increase flexibility?
Can you become addicted to Quora?
What are the ways to stop sensorineural hearing loss from further deterioration?
How can I get rid of aloofness?
It's been 20 days I gave up smoking. How do I keep myself motivated and not think of a ciggarate any more in my life. What do I do when I get a urge for smoking?
How do you get rid of fibromyalgia?
How do I get rid of VASP?
How do I get rid of Coke dick?
How do you get rid of fleas?
How do I get rid of sexual thoughts?
How do I improve my sleeping habits? I sleep at 3:00 am and wake up at 12. I'm not being able to attend classes.
How can I get rid of the debilitating internal feeling that I cannot protect myself from physical violence or emotional pain?
How can I sit in the 'Sukhasana' (half Lotus) position for a longer period of time?
Is there any scientific way or easy way to tackle or get rid of demons?
How can I stop myself from sleeping too much?
How do I get rid of the persistent urge of bowel movements?
Predictive text, I absolutely hate it. I don't need my phone to read my mind. How do I get rid of it?
What are the best products to improve mood?
How do CEOs stay energetic?
What are examples of ways to improve mental and emotional health?
What are some good habits that can keep a person healthy (especially if he/she sits the whole day in an office)?
How do I get rid of the limits that I have consciously placed in my mind, as well as emotional immaturity?
Can I not ejaculate at all and be healthy?
How do you get smooth thighs?
How can effeminate traits be gotten rid of in men?
How do I get rid of bad habit (continuous twirling of hairs while studying)?
How can I get rid of sleepiness during day time when I am in a situation where I have to listen to others?
How can I get rid of a headache if I am allergic to all over the counter pain relievers?
How do get rid of my lazyness?
What are some good ways to reduce sweating while anxious?
What is the best way to get rid of sexual tension?
How do I overcome allergies?
How does swimming help to get a better physique?
How do I stay motivated to eat healthy and keep fit?
How do you get rid of wax stuck deep inside an ear?
Is keeping your personal problems to yourself harmful to your mental health?
How can I feel energetic throughout the day?
What happens if you take ibuprofen twice a day 2 tablets each time for scoliosis and headaches when your only 13?
Is there any possible way to reduce my stuttering?
How do you get rid of a painful pimple?
How do I get rid of office stress?
How do I stop being burnt out?
How do I get rid of the negativity when I am positive and the people in the surroundings are negative?
What are the ways to change life, get rid off lazyness and do something for ourselves?
How do I get rid of the small layer of fat covering my abs?
How do you get rid of a cowlick in your hair?
Would it be wrong if someday I decided that being in a general class helps me get rid of my sense of duty towards the country?
How do I improve my sleeping habits? I sleep at 3:00 am and wake up at 1:pm. Can you help?
How do I get rid of the excessive baggage that I carry?
How do I get rid of stress when our parents knows that will have bf?
Can meditation help a nation's economy?
How can I adopt the habit of deep breathing?
How do I get rid of rashes on my face as a result of waxing with Veet strips?
How do I get rid of noise happening in my brain continuously?
How can I get rid of slugs in my garage?
How do I get rid of underarm fat fast?
How do I get rid of food lodgement in between teeth? Will teeth scaling be useful?
How do you get rid of frown lines around the mouth?
How do I get rid of dried pimples?
How can I be confident about my personality when I am very thin?
How can I get rid of "Critical Program Error Alert" Pop-ups?
does aerobic excersises boost my metabolism? If so when's the best time to do it?
How can I calm and reassure myself?
Why don't we get rid of OPEC?
How do I get rid of a hangover after consuming alcohol and weed?
Why do people sympathize suicide but still dismiss mental health?
How can one psychologically adapt to long-term social isolation in a healthy way?
How do you treat an anteverted cervix?
How do you make healthy new year resolutions and stick to them?
What do doctors hate that people normally do?
Is it normal to get male breast reduced very slowly and gradually through diet?
What do germs get from killing people?
What are some meditation or spiritual practices that are done in the state between waking and entering sleep?
What condition causes people to stop breathing during their sleep, and how can you treat it?
Are good looking people healthier?
Do people really throw up after seeing something gross like in the movies?
What is a person called who has an excessive worry about health?
What would you say to your younger self that might convince them to change their daily health-hurting behavior?
What is the one habit you would like to change to improve your productivity?
Do gadgets to measure stress, fear or introversion exist?
Does meditation give you discipline?
How can I treat a protruding mons pubis?
What could a 40-year-old do to potentially improve their quality of life further down the line?
Why do some people respond negatively to vegetarians or vegans?
What simple things can a woman do to improve her overall appearance without getting cosmetic surgery?
Could the 'imaginary audience' phenomenon last longer or have more impact on people with an extraordinary body trait?
Do people with asthma often live more easily in homes without carpeting?
What are negative health behaviors?
Is it advisable to go for a morning walk and then go to the gym in the evening for a thin 18 year old?
What are the best ways to keep your self calm at most of the situations?
Can you be addicted to something you are allergic to?
Why does people with asthma breathe better by sit down?
How can I stop living in the past?
How do you treat an intermuscular hematoma?
What are the dangers of passing out while laughing?
Is marijuana bad for your heart?
What is a healthy way to help emotional needy people?
What is one habit that many people have that is extremely unhealthy?
How harmful is it to keep internal strife towards people?
What are good ways to improve spatial navigation memory in daily routine habits?
How does it feel after a longtime coffee drinker successfully quits coffee?
Why do people brag about how unhealthy they are?
How can I get rid of the addiction of watching movies?
What can I do to boost my energy and keep working in the afternoon for over 6 hours after working for 7 hours in the morning starting at 8 AM?
How do people get goiters?
What are the shivers or chills that we experience whenever we want to?
Is there any link/connection between dry lower lip and large intestine?
What are some reasons people avoid health and fitness routines?
Is jerking off once in day is harmful?
Are sexually transmitted diseases regarded more shameful in different western countries?
How can i treat sunspots on face ?
What motivates health care providers to care for people?
Why do people say that they can have cancer even if they live and eat right? Who is bringing this theory to life?
Why do we constantly clear our throats after eating?
How does soda cause behavioral problems in children?
How common is Cynophobia and how does one treat it?
What are the best ways to become lean without doing much exercise?
What are some motivational tricks to maintain proper hygiene  even when you're not motivated?
Would people with ADHD generally be less likely to become tolerant to caffeine?
How dangerous is for light skinned people to move near the equator and for dark skinned people to move away from it?
What medical conditions are beneficial, if any?
How do I achieve a better posture?
Is it bad for someone's psychological health to feel routine and boredom at his job?
What happens if a man masturbates too often?
What is the cause of lack of confidence and how can one be more confident?
How athletic can the average person become?
How do Germans treat Bulgarians immigrants? Do they treat them like the Arab and African migrants?
How can I heal myself?
What are some of the health risk behaviors?
What are the benefits to the health of right-handed people if they try to use their left hand more often?
What happens when you are being nice?
Why is the American measure of people's health being cared for fixated on whether or not people are insured?
Is it normal to develop food aberrations?
How do I deal with procrastination and depression?
How can I stop my face from becoming red?
Why do people and even doctors say many fat people are fat because they have a medical condition?
How often does a person laugh in a day?
What are the bad consequences of masturbating?
If you are asked about your sexual preference, is it wrong to say that you dislike fat people?
Psychology of Everyday Life: Do you prefer people with light or dark eyes? And Why?
How do I treat a fastidious child?
How did Crofter treat the Peddler? Why did he treat him that way?
Does anxiety cause loss of sex desire?
I'm 17 year old. How do I know if I have breast cancer?
How can we distinguish between mental and emotional wellbeing?
How can a 57 year old Indian woman who had already hit menopause can live a healthy life?
How do you get Laryngitis? How do you treat it?
Why does dehydration cause people to throw up?
Why are some people in the world are enjoying their life and some are just breathing on the planet?
Do some people want others to remain overweight?
Why do some people just stop breathing out of nothing?
Do people not understand the importance of social issues or they simply tend to ignore them?
Why aren't people concerned of their health? Is it that they don't have time / motivation?
What should I do to improve my ability to memorize names?
Why is it that people are still not much concerned of their health despite the death statistics?
How do I treat a lump on my collarbone that moves if I press it?
Is it healthy for people to live in huge cities?
Why is it so easy to indulge in harmful actions instead of healthy actions?
How do I overcome physical weakness?
How is losing the ego better for a person's health?
Could too much altruism be a bad thing?
What are the best alternatives, substitutes, or supplements to mental health services?
How can I make myself more valuable?
Does a neuropsychiatrist treat magnetoencephalography?
Why there appears to be so much concern these days about muti murder?
How can we help overweight people?
How do I treat odontoprisis?
Why taking too much opinions from people good/bad?
When is it too late to treat plagiocephaly and why?
What are some radical and innovative ways workers have organized self-care practices in their workplaces? What practices have been most successful in raising levels of worker happiness and satisfaction?
Is water good for health?
Is laughing at other people’s pain unhealthy? How do I stop?
How do you treat isolophobia?
What are some scientific ways to improve yourself?
What intake should a young Indian lady take to avoid weakness?
Is there a way to self diagnose smelly feet?
When did you notice yourself become depressed and how did it come upon you?
How do I break my bad habit of popping my knuckles?
How do we treat things medicine cant treat?
Unhealthy sluggish 21 year old, what should I get checked for?
Due to health issues started 10 years ago I'm now obese and people treat me like sh*t. I'm so sick of this. How can I stop becoming bitter/angry/blue?
Why do some people want to drink blood?
Why do people prefer drinking cold water in summer if it increases risk of chill?
What is the healthiest way to walk?
Having realized that intelligence chiefly is based on the pace of thinking, how do I acquire a permanent quick thinking pace?
How do you feel now, compared to 2000, 1990, 1980...? Better or worse?
What should I think when I feel that no one ever listens to me?
How can you treat a dislocated trachea?
What are some good resources to learn about sleep hygiene?
Which are the five fruits I should eat to stay young?
How do I make fitness my priority when I know I am ignoring my health and focusing on earning and my new venture currently?
Is there a way stop consuming too much nonsense information?
What is the most suitable way to deal with somebody who constantly complains of being sick?
Does sitting a particular way trick the body into feeling the need to use the bathroom more often?
Why would people give their things for social cause?
I feel like there may be something wrong with me. Why do I feel the urge to laugh even if there's no reason to laugh at all?
Why do some people pick at their cuticles until they bleed?
What are the three daily practices to stay young?
What are some ways to try to lead a healthy lifestyle?
What are some reasons people don't like coffee, apart from health reasons?
Are people 40 and up more concerned about their health?
Are human naturally repelled from obese people or is it a societal influence?
What are the best ways a person can increase their focus without chemicals?
Can you tell me the precautions to overcome the cigarette smoking?
How do I overcome gluttony?
How would you get quick thinking on your feet?
How do I get rid of small hairs on my forehead permanently?
Will meditation help me in understanding the subject better?
How can I get rid of the smell of gas in my car?
Can negative change cause positive stress? Any example?
How can I change my exercise protocol while staying within my heart condition limits?
? How the heck can I get rid of cassiopessa malware virus
How can I gain confidence when I have nothing to be confident about? Read the details and please answer.
Should I cover ringworm to get rid of it?
Could I be genetically gifted?
Why do I feel tired, lazy and unmotivated all the time?
What should I do so that I may become a strong girl?
Why do we get smell in the mouth and how do we get rid of this?
How can I get rid of nervous " ticks" that I have?
What is the most effective and most safest way to get a leaner body as a teen?
Have mental health issues and cant keep a job?
How can I get rid of my anorexia faster?
What is the most effective way to clean up your hands from walnut juice?
How can my husband improve his posture and gait?
What are the causes of essential hypertension at age of 20 and how to get rid of it?
How can I get rid of the reliance on mobile-phone?
How can I get as close as possible to immortality?
How can I get better reflexes?
How do I overcome from the effects of masturbation?
How can a person build his personality if he is lame and thin?
And what is the best way to get rid of excess fluid as that is part of my weight problem?
Does meditation help you to react faster?
What can I do to stay energetic even in the evening after office? I get very lazy and do absolutely nothing in the evenings.
I'm a 21 year old male. I'm very weak and suffer a lot of health problems. How do I improve my lifestyle and become strong?
How do I increase my streamina?
How can I get more sexual power, that is, strength and agility in bed, during sex?
What is your interest in your life?
How do I reduce my risk aversion?
What is the best natural remedy for ongoing anxiety?
How can I get rid of my anhedonia/apathy?
Occasionally my teeth have white spots, how do I get rid of them?
How do I get rid of fat under muscle?
It's commonly said not to work out daily in order for your body to rest, although on my days off I tend to be less disciplined with my diet; What can I do?
How do I get rid of tennis elbow soreness develoved from biceps workout?
How do you get rid of under eye creases?
What are possible ways to increase cortisol levels fast?
How do I get rid of bulimic tendencies?
Is MSIL9.AFQI a real Trojan? How do I get rid of it?
How can I get rid of a pimple on the bridge of my nose?
Does intelligence change throughout the day?
How do I get rid of old stuff in my office?
What are some ways I can help motivate myself to exercise and eat right?
What organization is trying to improve mental health care in Southern Africa?
When you are surrounded by negativity for a long period of time, which is the best way to overcome it with effective positive results?
How do you experience your fitness improving and how do you keep track of your progress?
How do I get rid of tics syndrome, my brother has had it for years and competing responses aren't working we've tried everything. Any ideas?
Is saying you are proud to be fat or of your (fat) body just a cop out?
What are the things that I should do on a daily basis to keep myself mentally and physically fit?
How do I get rid of alchol?
What can I incorporate into my morning routine to make me more creative throughout the day?
How do I get rid of a boy teasing me?
How do I get rid of dryhair?
Its very itchy down there around my whole vulva and anus region. There is a lump between my anus and vaginal opening. What should I do to get rid of all my problems down there?
How do I get rid of specs?
How do you get rid of stomach inflammation?
What are the best ways to get rid of papules?
How can I get rid of withters in the neck?
How do I get rid of memory loss?
What is the best possible way to get healthy cheeks?
How could you get rid of self guilt?
How do you get rid of bad feelings and recurring thoughts.?
Does eating capsule Evion 400mg improve my health if I am slim?
How do I get more energy while at work?
What are some physical activities or exercises one should incorporate into their daily life to improve their fitness?
How do you keep yourself in shape?
How do I get rid of possessiveness permanently? Its a self destructive state of mind.. To be frank I hate to be like that but I am not able to get rid of it
How do I get rid of strong pulsation feelings on different parts of my body?
Can I get rid of a classic conditionned reflex?
How do I get rid of cold and sneezing overnight without taking any drugs?
How do I get rid of sleepiness in the late morning?
How can I reframe my mind to be less motivated by fear and more motivated by hope and reward?
How do I get rid of a thin lanky body?
I have the habbit of taking unnecessary tension. So how should I get rid of it?
How do I get rid of a malignant narcissist?
How do you remove calluses from your hands? What are some good ways to prevent them from coming back?
How do you get rid of a stigma against you?
What are some really effective ways successful CEOs optimize their days?
Do you think Sony will get rid of their mobile division? I'm an Xperia fan and thus would be disappointed if such. Thank you.?
How do I get rid of aftereffects of spectacles?
How can you make knuckles stronger?
How can I get rid of my obssesive aspirations?
Which food item will improve the mental health quickly?
What 10 factors/habits do you think that contribute more for faster aging?
How can I fix my posture?
How do I get rid of people who annoys me or drains me?
Is there a way to keep your voice as deep as it is in the morning, throughout the day?
How do I quickly make exercise my daily habit?
What can I do to practice more kindness throughout the day?
How do you get rid of hotflashes?
How do I get rid of Azoospermia?
Are there ways to improve brain health?
How can I get rid of my Sugar baby-sugar daddy situation?
How do I get rid of Blood phobia?
How do I motivate myself, to do namaz 5 times a day?
How do I get rid of daytime sleepiness?
How do I build up my sense of humor?
How can someone efficiently get rid of laziness and is it related to over-thinking?
How can I get rid of my autism?
How can I improve my posture if I have kyphoscoliosis, which makes it painful to stand up straight?
What are some techniques that combine physical and mental into a complete personal development method?
How does meditating under/inside a pyramid help?
What are some general guidelines to getting rid of any type of addiction?
What are the ways to feel energetic everyday?
How can I be patient during medical treatment?
How do I become a morning person?
How does one get a dimple?
How do I be an energetic and lively person throughout the day in all life circumstances?
How would you motivate yourself to go swimming, if you don't have a good body figure?
What are the best ways to fight cancer?
Why can't I properly recall and summarize to another person simple things?
How do I get better at emotionally evaluating a situation?
What is one habit that you have that most impacts your health?
Where can I get a cleansing near LA?
What is the single best thing you can do for yourself in a day?
What is the one thing you did/started doing in life which changed everything for the better?
How can I improve my willpower when trying to stick to a healthy diet?
As someone diagnosed with mild emphysema, how do I improve my ability to exhale, especially under water while swimming?
How do we take healthy career break for refreshment in life?
What are proven ways to get rid of 'wet dreams'?
What's worse: changing yourself to fit into society, or changing society to fit you?
What is the fastest way to replenish energy  when you are feeling slightly tired after working for few hours and its  not even afternoon?
Who am I? Am I the loser that I despise? What do I do to come out of this loop of loserness?
How can I increase my empathy for "otherness" and compassion for the suffering in the world without becoming completely overwhelmed and sucked dry of my own needs, desires and non-survival interests?
How do you motivate yourself during exams?
How effective is Lumo for improving posture?
What is your attitude towards your health?
Are you taking care of yourself as much as you should? In what ways?
What helps you grow stronger?
Is it inspiration or manipulation to tell myself everyday that I am beautiful (the world is nice, I love everyone etc)?
How do I develop a mental attitude towards my very long weight loss journey and stop doubting myself?
If asked "Why commit myself? Should I commit myself?," how do you explain why commitment to mental health services is important?
What are the ways to improve one's physical, mental and social health in about 100 days?
Is it possible to incentivize health and self improvement in a dangerously unhealthy population like America?
Is it safe to adjust oneself?
What should we do to be healthy if we work hard full-time?
Does eccentricity in one's personality grow with age or it can be curbed?
How can I motivate myself to start biking again after a fall?
What’s the biggest thing you’re struggling with right now when it comes to your happiness?
How do I get fit and well focused every time?
How can I overcome failure and beat depression?
How can you transform sexual energy and channel into productive work?
Is nail biting a bad habit?
Is sleep really for the weak?
How do I get rid of the frown face?
Do you find that alcohol helps you sleep or do you find it makes your sleep worse?
What is it like to overcome and grow out of an addiction?
Are there any permanent solutions to get rid of hyperhidrosis?
How can tactics and strategy be utilized on a daily basis?
How do I tell my husband he is getting fat without offending him?
How do you keep positive and motivate the mood of India?
What are good morning get-motivated routines?
Why is sharing knowledge a very potent virtue to possess, even if you have worked very hard to acquire it?
What are some proven techniques to stop smoking, restrain from relapse, and live without worrying about starting again?
What are some ways to keep myself sane?
What's something that you feel is wrong but regularly do anyways?
What is ego, is it good or bad? How does one control the ego? Connections with excessive pride, pros, cons
What do you do to ground yourself?
How do you get over the anger of having a mental illness?
Will devoting myself to health and meditation increase my mental capability, or is that just a myth?
What are some motivational lines that keep you motivated for a long time?
Recently I have been having trouble speaking clearly and for extended sentences. Why could this be and what can I do to help myself?
Would persistent anxiety on one organ harm the organ?
Can't focus after masturbation! Whenever I masturbate (daily), it's followed by a long period of time during which I can't focus completely on any task.. I feel my attention down on my genitals.. Any advice, for how to concentrate, Quorans?
How does the 1:1 Nutrition Coach by Rise iOS pay its coaches?
How one can improve their immunity?
How do I quit masturbation, when I do not have a girlfriend?
What is the maximum number of hours a person can efficiently utilize in a day over a long time frame?
What is the best way to delay gratification?
How can one overcome his habit of sleeping late and getting up late?
How do you motivate yourself when you are enervated and dejected?
How can I develop the habit of instantly sleeping at any time of the day?
Why is my health deteriorating so much?
What would you change about the day you have had today?
Is it normal to feel lazy on weekends?
How fickle minded are you? How are you overcoming it?
Why do people self sabotage (overeat when they are trying to lose weight, procrastinate when they've just been given a great job to do, etc)?
What is the correlation between personal power, whether actual or perceived, and general wellbeing?
How do you combat the lack of motivation and general tiredness associated with depression?
What is the best way to make myself realize the importance of health at the age of 25?
How do I get rid of nail ingrowth?
Why isn't meditation helping me?
What do you seek?
How do I break my habit of severe procrastination which is affecting my physical and mental well-being?
If you were going to buy one practical, self-help book on mental health, what questions would you most want it to address?
When was the moment you started feeling like you had control of your life?
In the long term, is resting from what you're doing once a week beneficial?
What are the best herbs and supplements to focus concentration more clearly?
How can one get better at walking?
What are good ways to stay energetic?
Which bad eating habits do most people have? Why should they stop?
How do I get rid of a person who hurt me?
Will yoga help me in burning calories and losing weight?
How did you fix a major bad habit in your life?
What are the best resources/books/blogs for the prevention of Mental Health issues?
How often have you or someone you know knowingly cited a mental health condition as an excuse?
What are some extraordinary facts about willpower?
How do I begin to accept my body and become happy when I am severely morbidly obese?
Self-Confidence: Where do I draw the line between doing the 'standard' activities to boost my attractiveness (i.e, physical exercise, dressing well, being more assertive), and being comfortable in not being perfect?
What is the best exercise for a female?
How can one overcome anuptaphobia (fear of staying single?
How do I deal with the fact that my legs are shorter relatively to my body, compared with my peers?
Does atheism lead to weaker minds and weaker self-discipline?
How do I get rid of the habit of sleeping late?
How do I get rid of the salt in my body?
What is the best way to make yourself physically, mentally, and spiritually strong?
How can I look good again?
How did a regular practice of meditation improve your "health"?
How can someone become more energetic?
How can one recover from/combat with severe procrastination?
How do I create a new habit, for example exercising, studying a lot, and eating well?
Should I try Bates method for my eyes?
How does it feel to rise from failure to success?
What are the best ways to make yourself more productive at midnight?
Does the health of our mind and body contribute to the overall income we earn?
How do I break out of daily self imposed cage and start to live and meet new people if I' don't know where what or who but can't stand here?
What everyday habits boost our energy?
I’m not a constant person.I can't focus. How can I stop procrastinating?
What are some courses with a lot of exercises I can take to improve my mental health?
How would you get quick thinking on your feet?
How do I improve my breathing to retain the ability of easily speaking?
What are some good things to eat while you are sick and throwing up that will help you get better faster and help you keep the food down?
How can I ensure my children develop good mental health given the implications of social media on adolescents and teenagers?
What are some ways to improve a person's natural microbiome?
What are good ways to strengthen the elbow?
How do you get rid of a caffeine addiction?
What are ways to get rid of nasal mucus?
How do I get rid of Phantom vibration & ringing syndrome? Is this a serious problem?
How do I continue to eat healthy?
What is one way you take care of yourself daily?
Is there any natural way to improve tremors?
How do I leave the habbit of masterbation?
Why do I feel tired, lazy and unmotivated all the time?
What habit can help us live longer by more than 10 years?
What are some ways that I can toughen myself (mentally and physically)?
How does the practice of yoga improve qi?
In what ways can pets improve our mental health?
What are the best ways to overcome home sickness?
What do you do to overcome gymtimidation?
What is the most effective and efficient way to get rid of confusion?
How can leisure be unhealthy?
Is it unhealthy to focus on how I want to be perceived?
What should be done to become a good doctor.?
Is there any psychologist on Quora whom I can talk to improve my mental health and get back to my regular life?
How can I get as close as possible to immortality?
What programs would be most effective in improving health?
How do I get rid of ball hairs and ass hole hairs?
How do I get rid of an officemate who doesn't like me?
Is it always a bad thing to stay within your comfort zone?
What are the best practical ways to get rid of self importance?
Will you help me stop overeating?
How do I get rid of my fat rolls?
How do I give up caffeine?
I'm a 21 year old male. I'm very weak and suffer a lot of health problems. How do I improve my lifestyle and become strong?
How do I increase my streamina?
If there's one topic you'd love to learn about, what would you pick?
What is the best way to stay appreciated?
What is the best way to stay under control?
What is a personal development plan in health and social care?
What is the best natural remedy for ongoing anxiety?
What are best eating habits for creative thinking?
How do I get rid of my lisp as a teenager?
How can I stop myself from buying sugary treats at the supermarket?
How do I get rid of my conscience?
How can I, as an individual citizen, help improve the mental health system in my local community?
Does intelligence change throughout the day?
How do I get rid of old stuff in my office?
What are the best affirmations to get rid of limiting beliefs? (Self worth, self love and alcohol)
What organization is trying to improve mental health care in Southern Africa?
Can I get rid of emotions?
What is the best way to stay connected with life?
What should I do to get rid of this skin problem immediately?
Manoj Bhargava (business man): When will "Billions in change " ideas become possible commercially?
How do get rid of etching?
How can I get rid of the person inside of my head?
What is a natural way to boost focus and memory?
How can I regain energy in few seconds?
How do I get rid of a boy teasing me?
What is wrong with my knee and whats the quickest way to fix it?
How do I get rid of dryhair?
What are some scientifically proven ways to improve sinus health?
Should I go and take my chances at a better school and leave my sick mom?
How do I get rid of thinking that I am superior to everyone less smart than me?
How do I get rid of morning anxiety & fear?
Please help. I have a poor posture while walking. I have rounded shoulders, forward head posture and have back pain. How can I possibly improve my posture?
What is the best possible way to get healthy cheeks?
What would happen if I got to the bottom of my to do list?
What are natural ways I can increase serotonin levels?
How can I become less anxious in presentations?
How can meditation help depression?
What are some physical activities or exercises one should incorporate into their daily life to improve their fitness?
How can I become less nervous and anxious?
How do I get rid of sleepiness in the late morning?
How do I get rid of lazyness and be successful?
I have the habbit of taking unnecessary tension. So how should I get rid of it?
What is the most effective way to relieve cotton mouth?
In what ways will a 1 hour daily walk improve my health?
What are the best health behavior change for smart goals?
What is the benefit of playing musical instrument?
How do I get rid of water fear? (afraid even when in the swimming pool)
Does being obese bother you?
How can I get rid of my obssesive aspirations?
How can I stop falling asleep at work?
What are some of the most fundamental ways to improve your health?
What are psychological hacks to avoid overeating at events such as big family 5+-course meals or all-you-can-eat restaurant menus?
How can I improve my sense of proprioception?
Are there any quick ways to disrupt my critical voice from causing me harm?
At what level of obesity does it become difficult to maintain good hygiene?
How can I master my sexual drives and channel them into productive activities?
How do I stop and get rid of biting my nails as it has become so weak that I can easily break them?
How do I quickly make exercise my daily habit?
What can I do to practice more kindness throughout the day?
How do I get rid of Azoospermia?
How do I get rid of my restlessness and irritability?
What is the best way to get healthier, and stronger?
How do I motivate myself, to do namaz 5 times a day?
How can we become mentally fit again?
Why does my PTSD not act up when at work as I can go without my xanax dose all day yet when I am off & home alone, I start to feel panic so need to dose myself within a hour of awaking?
How do I maintain good posture and get rid of a shoulder hunch?
Some people say if we keep controlling our anger one day we may burst on someone and do something stupid. Is it really good for our health to control the anger?
How can one increase his ejaculation time?
What interesting things can one do when one can't sleep at night?
How many hours per day do you have high speed in daily activities?
How do I take care of myself?
How could a weak girl be strong?
What can I do if I'm in immense pain both physically and mentally with no chances of respite?
How interested are teenage girls in health, fitness and improving their overall self image?
How should I develop habits that help me get fit?
Does meditation help in reducing porn addiction?
How can l avoid anxieties?
What are the best exercises to get rid of the pain in the lower back due to scoliosis?
How can I work hard without my health deteriorating?
What would a perfect body posture be like?
How do I improve my physique as I have only 3 semesters left for completing my graduation?
How can I motivate myself to brush my teeth at night, before sleep?
How can I find out if there is something wrong with my period?
What one thing should I do to improve my living habits (health) and time managment?
What are some good books on how to take care of oneself physically or mentally?
What can I do to become a better health coach?
How did you do to encourage yourself when you felt depressed both in career and emotion?
How do you achieve a healthy mindset?
How does one improve balance and coordination? What are the benefits?
What is the single most effective initiative one person in their every day life take to reduce their impact on the environment and tackle climate change?
How can I remain energetic during the daytime if I am a night owl?
Is it right that I am only 21 and I always look for peace rather than being energetic or enthusiastic?
If a person masturbates for almost every day for 11 years and now it no longer excites him further even almost no interest in porn as well. Is everything okay?
What's the best way to get rid of underarm armpit odor without an antiperspirant / deodorant?
Does exercise improve eyesight?
How do I stop being restless and impatient?
How do I get rid of my bad habit of sleeping in afternoons?
What are some energetic foods or drinks for the day?
How do I switch from the lonely guy to the solitary guy?
What is a good way to get into an excited, positive, and enthusiastic frame of mind?
How can a person reduce his/her tension and stay calm?
What do you do if you can't get the get-up-and-go to exercise?
Do you think it would be immoral to enter the illegal organ trade without forcing anyone to part with their organ?
How has the use of probiotics improved your quality of life?
Would you trade a physical problem that you have for a different (but also serious) physical problem?
What are the things one could do to improve nerve functions?
What ancient practices are used to improve one's health and well-being?
How can you discipline yourself to exercise regularly?
What exercises can help to improve your hearing?
How do I make a dramatic shift to be happier & healthier?
How do I get rid of anxiety?
What is the best (non-team) sport for improving strength, agility, power, flexibility and balance?
How can I become more productive at work again?
What's one habit you've changed that has had the greatest impact on your mental or physical health?
Does doing yoga "better" a man sexually?
If you drink coffee on a daily basis, can it change your mindset more than if you don't drink it?
What was your experience with quantum techniques?
What's the best way to preserve my close-up vision?
How do I make a new start when starting all again after 10 years is like a nightmare?
How can I motivate myself to want to exercise and eat healthily again?
How can I stop sighing?
Is it necessary to stay energetic to become successful? How can I do it?
What are the best ways to stay mentally and physically active throughout the day?
What do you do if you feel so unmotivated constantly that you won't do essential functions to stay healthy? Such as drink water, or eat, or move? Not feeling sad just to lazy to get up for days.
What are some well-known software programs to organizations in the world or game hack organization?
What is to be done with a team of tired people?
How can I improve my health, my past is really bad?
How can I take better care of myself?
What can I do to improve my height?
How can someone develop good posture?
Is it okay to compromise your health and give preference to your work/job?
How do you get rid of warts?
What are motivating factors that allow you to keep away from cigarettes (read description first)?
Can I improve my body and eating by joining a gym?
How do you deal with a spouse with an incurable/untreatable disease?
How do I spend less time sleeping?
What do you do when you want to get rid of a bad pimple?
Where can I learn yoga in Koramangala?
Can meditation improve personality & attitude?
How can I build a stronger character and be less influenced by others?
Should I transform myself again from bad to good?
What are some techniques to help control my thoughts and achieve a completely free mind while meditating?
Hypothetically speaking, let's say I have ADD. Is it possible to overcome it just because I've recognized I have a problem or does it always need consultation?
What are the surrounding conditions needed to practice meditation daily at home?
How do I strengthen my weak foot in soccer?
How do I cultivate happiness through physical posture?
What are the effective ways to improve your focus in your daily life?
What is the most effective way to set an alarm clock?
What are the things I can learn today which will make me healthier tomorrow?
What are the ways to become more energetic during daily life?
Would it be beneficial to my health if I quit coffee as a daily habit and just enjoy a cup or two socially?
What's the most effective way to get up early?
What are the small habits that can change sleeping schedules for better health?
What do I do to make myself compassionate?
How do I get rid off the blackness around the corner of the lips that is caused due to dryness on that area?
What are some things that I should do regularly to improve my health and personality?
What are some smart ways to fool yourself into not consuming alcohol?
How do you handle a situation when you're extremely sad?
What are the frustration management techniques one should use?
How can I make my body full of positive energy?
How do you "untie" the knot you feel in the pit of your stomach when you get anxious?
How do I improve my sex drive?
What is the best way to improve my box jump height?
What should I do to build up my self-confidence in preparation for exams?
How do I improve the posture of people so that they can breathe well and how to get rid of bloating?
What are your lifestyle cleansing habits?
What are some foods that help improve bad stuttering?
What is the best way to keep away from tensions and stay calm?
What qualities should one possess to be a complete man?
What are some daily life tricks which can improve our health?
How can I be energetic all day?
How can I program for long hours without harming my health?
What happens to the testosterone levels and body of a 16-year-old boy who has stopped masturbating?
What exercises can be used to help improve sight?
What are you doing to increase your health span?
At what age does our posture start declining?
What should I do to omit bad habits in my life?
Suppose you have 30 days of holidays from tomorrow onward. What would you like to do in those holidays?
Is it worth examining troubling childhood memories for the sake of righting the negative effects they've caused on both your psyche and behavior?
How do I get rid of OCD?
What are some natural means to improve memory?
Is yoga the best way to improve the power of mind and body?
How can I get rid of hateful feelings?
How can I keep myself motivated to work when I know working hard negatively affect my health?
How can I stop making myself sick with worry?
How can we stay energetic full day?
Whenever I am trying to study,my thoughts start to wander here & there.Why does this happen?Any motivation or life lessons will be highly appreciated.
What can a chronically unwell person do to improve mouth and gut biomes?
How can we challenge the will in india?
How do I get rid of rove beetles?
How can I get into the habit of exercise if I am extremely lazy and kind of obese?
How can I get rid of my nervousness?
Who would you call a really strong person?
What are some ways I can improve my mental health?
What are good ways to fix dysania?
What is the best routine/ morning routine to get fit?
What is something easy I can do every day to vastly improve my health?
How is Ahmedabad lifestyle different than Bangalore lifestyle?
Ways to improve mental health for college and trade schools?
How do I get rid of my Sarcastic behavior?
Does body odor become better with a healthier diet?
How do I get rid of negative self image created due to excessive weight?
How do I get rid of neurasthenia?
How can I get rid of my belief in failing?
What are the best possible ways to get rid of tonsil stones?
How do I keep body active all the time?
Does sleeping on a memory pillow improve one's memory?
How can I reduce my fear?
How do I get rid of orthoarthritis?
How do I stop being self-destructive when it comes to health?
Is the average health of the US-population improving?
What are the best ways to improve mental disposition?
What are some good ways to stay up at work?
What is one little thing that I can do daily to lower my cholesterol?
How could I make my life healthier?
How should I practice patience until I lose all the excess weight on me?
Is passionate love considered healthy? What can I do to stop thinking about him constantly?
How can I increase my energy levels if I have hypothyroidism and depression?
How do I get rid of drugs?
Will anything happen to my face or skin if I keep staring at my phone for a long time?
How can you get rid of a gum abscess?
How can I stay physically and mentally fit during old age?
What is the best way to stay joyful?
What are small, realistic steps one can take toward health and weight loss?
What simple diet or lifestyle change has yielded major, lasting, positive influence on broad swathes of your health or life?
How do I get rid of sexuality?
How do one get rid of mind?
How do you stop yourself from eating unhealthy foods all the time?
What are some simple tips to improve your health?
Is it really possible to get rid of specs?
How can I quantify my susceptibility to fatigue?
How can I improve my body even further?
What are some proven ways to improve your hair's growth rate?
Do YOU have a way to avoid fornicatory thoughts?
How do I keep myself energized throughout the day?
What can I do to keep myself awake and energized throughout the day?
Why my eyes are always tired how can I get rid of it?
How do I keep up with endless work?
Has pranayama help you to overcome any disease?
How do I get rid of silly mistakes while doing math?
How do you learn to take care of yourself?
How can I have unlimited energy every day?
How you start your day that keeps you high throughout the day?
How do you have a heathly lifestyle.?
How can I improve my task saliency?
How does Pranayam help in improving health?
What is the best way to maintain sandalwood statues?
How can I get rid of spectacles/improve my eyesight?
What should EU do to make itself stronger?
How do you accept the past abuse and trauma that was inflicted upon you?
How can I get rid of the thoughts inside my head?
Up to what age one can work and improve their fitness to athletic standards?
What are some things I should practice everyday that will improve my mental health?
How can I help rid myself of slight islamophobia?
I need to lose weight. It gives me mental issues but I still can't stop eating. I can't control my mind. What should I do?
What are healthy ways to become a good griever?
How do I stay energetic Throughout the day?
How can I feel more secure without being sick?
How could a person become a very good and successful medical innovator?
Can anyone take a choline supplement daily to improve their memory and cognition, even if they are otherwise healthy?
How do you keep motivated to exercise after starting a new job and gaining weight?
How can I get rid of the idea what if solipsism is real?
Why are you happier than ever?
What are the techniques to improve health or performance?
Can nature be improved upon?
What's the best thing you've done to make yourself more awesome?
What are some ways to increase your energy levels?
How can I become less stiff in my body posture?
How do I keep myself motivated and energized for working out?
How do I get rid of sore fingers?
How do you get rid of your regrets for failing to apologize to a person who already passed away?
What is the best way to keep yourself high (no drugs allowed) throughout the day?
How can I optimize my nutritional intake in order to improve physical performance and overall wellbeing?
I can't resist eating unhealthy foods every day. How do I control myself from eating them?
Which projects could really improve the attitude of people?
What is the best way to stay interesting?
How has Kombucha made your life better or improved your health?
How can I have more energy throughout the day to get stuff done?
How can I get rid of my sensitivity?
What is the best way to keep energy levels high throughout the day?
What can I do to be able to inhale for a longer period of time?
What books help me organize my life better?
What is your worst experience when nature called?
How can I get rid of gynaecomestia?
How do I stop being germophobic?
How can I get rid of eczema on my face?
How do I get rid of assholes in life?
What are some ways to increase EBIT without increasing the sales?
What could I do (exercises and stuff) to improve my breathing?
Can increased exposure to anions (negative ions) improve health and decrease cancer risk?
What makes me addicted to milk?
How can we reduce nervousness?
What are some of the most effective ways of achieving and maintaining a desired behavioural change (say a person wants to quit smoking, quit porn-watching, or start exercising regularly)?
How do Superachievers and workaholics maintain a high energy level and attention span throughout the day?
How can a 50-year-old person keep motivated to exercise?
What can I do to train my willpower? And how do I do anything energetically?
Can meditation help the INFPs?
What is one piece of general knowledge you have come across (sifting through books/documentaries/reports) that not many people know?
How can I quit smoking if I am a weak person with low will power?
How do you improve the Toes-to-Bar (TTB) movement in your workout?
How do I increase your running duration?
How do you get rid of pus in the back of your throat?
How can you increase your bust?
Should I be concerned about my short height?
How can I get rid of these wretched, side snuggling, back thingies?
How have you changed yourself physically and mentally over the past few years?
India: What are the best ways to keep an existing house cool in dry summers?
How does meditation improve intelligence?
The past week I've been trying to improve my posture by drawing my shoulders down and back. My neck and trapezius are kinda tired and causing a little pain. Am I doing it wrong?
What are some ways for me to develop a more exciting and energetic personality?
How can I be physically strong and powerful?
How do I improve the color tone of my face?
What is the best way to improve stamina?
What are some great ways to get into meditation?
What are some techniques/tricks people can use to improve their posture while working on a laptop?
How do I get rid of improper sleeping habits?
Which inauspicious objects should one get rid of immediately?
How can I overcome my blood phobia?
How can I stop oversleeping?
How can I get rid of my battlenet account?
How can we take care of e-waste in Nepal (developing country)?
What are the ways to gain control on your behaviour?
How do I get rid of under-confidence, sleep deprivation, feeling fatigued, and being a useless booger and gain will power as a 14-year-old?
Is it all right to be super aware of current feelings, constantly looking to change bad ones to good ones, usually with materialistic things, food, cigarettes etc.?
How could you self-cure bulimia?
How can I train my lower legs?
How long until meditating helps?
How can I completely get rid of my sexual desire and stop lusting after someone?
Has anybody been helped by Melanie Tonia Evans in narcissistic relationships?
What can I learn in 10 minutes about beauty and health that can make me look better for life?
Is reading 2000 words per minute a good skill to have?
What is the best way to readjust your sleep if you sleep in the morning and wake up in the afternoon?
Is there a cure for chronic fatigue that actually works?
Does playing cards boost your brain health?
How can I improve my health, given that I have to eat mess-food in college?
What are the most effective ways/methods for keeping your optimum mental capacity?
What is the best way to block porn?
How do I improve myself a bit everyday?
What is the best app to help start meditating daily?
What are the modern ways of getting rid of a unibrow?
How can I strengthen my joints?
Meditation: Has anyone tried this challenge? What are your opinions about it?
What is the best mindset to get rid of bad life situation which really sucks and make you depressed?
What are some every day changes in your lifestyle that will improve your health?
What is a way to avoid having breath in the morning?
How do I get rid of my stupid in-laws whose suggestions are always annoying and self-centric?
What are the best ways to be mentally fit (not intellectually), but have a good and healthy intellectuality without therapy or counseling?
Does quitting alcohol improve brain functions?
How do I increase my cheeks?
How do I get rid of pains and muscle stiffness in critical points like hands and feet?
How do I increase my eye vision as I'm wearing specs?
What are some effective ways to stop the reduce the effects of ageing on the body?
Can I improve my fitness with these exercises?
Is there a natural cure for gout?
How do I get rid of these painful, itchy skin sores that the doctor said are caused by a non-herpes virus?
Does aspirin improve running performance?
Why do we pick our nose and how can we train ourselves to stop?
Why is that I can be very determined about some things ---such as studying abroad, becoming a vegan etc.--- but when it comes to exercising, losing weight or starting a new hobby I've been struggling with it for years?
What is the best way to deal with chronic stress as opposed to standard stress?
How do I get rid of the shadow of divorce?
How do you get rid of whiteheads around your mouth?
What are some good habits to start my day with?
Can anyone help me in getting rid of my bad habits regarding health?
How can I stop drinking?
How can I feel positive all the time? How do I get rid of the negative vibes around me?
What are some of the effective ways to slow down and take a better care of yourself?
Is giving soldiers drugs an effective way to increase their efficiency?
Where can I find free online guided self-hypnosis which actually helps in pain relief?
Wellbeing: What are the main lifestyle-related behaviors that contribute to health problems, from a health care provider's perspective?
How can we overcome the bad effects of antibiotics?
What behaviors could you adopt or change to help you become more resistant to infection in general? How would this behavioral change increase your resistance to infection?
Are the benefits of meditation due to the focused attention?
What are the ways to get rid of flat foot?
How can I improve my oral health?
How do I help people get to know, like and trust me in a very short period of time, that could be life-changing for both of us?
What health goals should a woman set for herself in her early 20's?
Psychologists, how can I get rid of melancholy?
How does one stay energetic in the day after getting a poor sleep the night before?
What are the best tips to improve BMI (body mass index) to normal?
How do I break a habit I've had for 15 years?
How do I get rid of a mentally sick & mad person and also get over the victim mentality?
How does oil pulling Ayurveda technique work to remove lethargy and laziness in the morning? What's the reason or science behind this?
How do I relieve my stress right now?
Do strong chemotherapy side effects reveal better therapeutic effects?
What would cause a sudden loss of ability to ejaculate?
Last night my dream ended with two people aiming tasers at me. So right before they shot I woke up. I have neither had a taser in my hand nor seen it in real life. Only on the internet. But I am 100% sure that those two were tasers. How would you interpret that?
Are narcissists educated people or common people?
What do patients think about doctors?
What color is associated with healthiness?
Why are people prone to magical thinking?
Can you name me a few valuable subjects to study which can help one in life?
What can I do if I feel like I am eating too slowly?
How do I comfort someone with an unknown disease?
Why do things hurt more when it's cold?
What is the cure to "being sleepless the night before an eventful day"?
How do I reduce stress instantly?
Is McDonald's really that bad for you, in moderation?
What book helps you stay calm and feel balanced in your everyday life?  Describe it and how it helps.
How do I learn to cope with failure and bad news?
What are the negative effects of excessive reading?
What are some mind exercises that will help me be equanimous or stoic?
How often and how much of asparagus should we eat in order to get the purported health benefits?
Is there an actual syndrome like "Creutzman Belling syndrome" in which the patient is unable to lie and repress his thoughts?
Given Infinite possibilities, How would you choose to inflict pain when you really want to?
What is it like having suffered a severe medical error in your own flesh?
Can shwaaspathy improve immunity level in just 15 min. practice?
How can a person strengthen himself during a difficult phase?
What is the relationship between yawning and stress?
How should a person deal with stress?
Gastroenterology: Does tension lead to stomach problems?
What is it like to talk to a person who has lost their sanity?
What are some medical tests that women should take on regular intervals after 50 years of age?
What are ways to calm or relieve the panic I seem to always have lately?
Can hypochondriacs be cured?
What can I start doing now (20 years old) to make sure my penis works as long as possible?
How do the blind only see light?
People stare at me so much everywhere I go. I was almost hospitalized for a panic attack, what should I do?
What are some ways to save yourself,if you encounter a Tiger in countryside?
Is there something wrong with my brain?
What are some challenges that fat people face that skinny people would be surprised to know?
What are people's biggest struggles regarding eating healthily? Why?
How do you deal with burnout?
What mindset do you have to put yourself in to drastically change your lifestyle with the objective of improving your physique?
Are there some methods to cure palpitations except medicine?
Is mindfulness considered part of the wellness sector?
What are your biggest barriers for you to live a healthier lifestyle?
What is the best way to stay healthy while working a demanding desk job?
Do most doctors treat their patients with honesty, or do they first try to earn as much as possible from the patients and only when the situation is out of control, the patients are referred to the hospital or another doctor?
What deep personal questions were answered or problem solved once you became rich?
What are some good source readings about the psychology of physical symptoms?
How do you do?
Have you ever gone through a dark experience within your soul? What was the experience like?
How can you tell when you're hungry?
What are your shortcomings? Are they inherited or developed?
Do people have any memories of either living in an iron lung or spending time with a person living an iron lung?
What is the best way to heal the habit of drifting away in thoughts, or how can someone consciously overcome daydreaming. Also, does daydreaming a lot result in lack of confidence?
What are your thoughts on the recent National Academy of Sciences report on early use of marijuana?
What are the most interesting, mentally stimulating, paradigm shifting articles online?
Should I start smoking if I don't care about myself?
Do you believe that someone is thinking about you when you can't sleep at night?
Does playing sports in high school have later life benefits?
What's the one (practical or semi practical) thing we could change that would significantly improve the life of millions?
If the majority of people need to wake up early on most days of the week for work, school etc., why have we not gotten used to it as of yet?
How can I get rid of oversleeping?
Does sexual activity alter our consciousness in important ways?
How do I significantly reduce my sleep time so I find more time each day to do more things I love doing?
Anxiety: Why do some people experience panic attacks after smoking marijuana?
How do I identify the cause of my low self esteem? How do I identify the inner beliefs that are holding my self esteem back?
How do I increase heamoglobin?
Why does it feel so satisfying to pick at scabs?
What do you believe healthy sexuality is?
How can I calm down quickly when other people hurt me again and again?
What are some ways to achieve lucid dreaming with a reduced risk of sleep paralysis?
How much is too much?
What is the one piece of advice that, if followed by everyone, would help the world the most?
What is it like having struggled for some years to find the medical explanation to very serious health problems after the medical system did not find a consistent explanation for them or just denied that the symptoms were related to any physical condition?
How can I deal with my mother's stubbornness in a happy and healthy manner?
What would you do if it was your last hour on Earth, and you have no medical conditions weighing you down?
Is sex a better option to get relaxed?
What would the negative health effects of working daily with PVC and plasticizer be?
Since we can't predict what new things we'll have in the future, instead, what are the things that will become obsolete in the future?
Even though it is unhealthy, why do people spend more money on eating pizza, burgers, and chicken buckets?
Why is there pain in my right heel even when I am not walking?
Why do we find sleep enjoyable? Is the only part that we find pleasant the reward/result of a good night's rest?
How do I know when I'm neglecting to take care of myself?
What are some practices by which one can learn to better control one's mind?
Is life all downhill after a certain age?
Would you rather be good looking with a mild chest deformity that messes you up psychologically or would you rather be ugly with no deformity?
Why thousands of thoughts keep running in our mind at same time?
What should I do if I can't sleep without masturbating?
How much time is appropriate and healthy for the average person to work?
What are the most relaxing past times? Why?
How can one overcome lifelong lethargy?
Why do we feel sleepy after taking a bath?
Have you ever had something so delicious, it brought tears to your eyes?
What are some ways to measure one's hotness?
Why do people often feel alone and isolated after recovering from cancer treatment?
Do people help others more? If yes, then how to stop thinking that accepting help is a sign of weakness?
Would you choose to be a billionaire, or to live to age 100 with guaranteed good health throughout your life?
Are you having a hard time committing to a workout program or regiment consistently? If so, why?
How do I get my mum to see a doctor?
Can one be extremely intelligent without having good memory?
When people meditate, why do they have the thumb and the middle finger together?
How do you get rid of a mouth blister?
How can I get rid of social jet lag quickly after having a long-time holiday?
No matter how much self-help I seek out, I still feel the same. Why?
How can I get rid of air in the water lines?
How can one regain confidence after experiencing mental health issues and maintain that confidence despite ongoing mental health issues?
How do I get rid of the bad odor from freshly made wedding cards?
What are some good ways to get rid of heartburn?
Why do we produce green mucus? How can we get rid of it physically?
Who are some of the people that sleep less and still work hard?
How can I get rid of a dead animal in the wall?
What is the ultimate way to stop sharing the pain?
What are the best ways to feel great right after waking up in the morning, both physically and mentally?
How do you get rid of hair getting tangled when you are out?
How do I constantly grow and improve myself both in mentality & Physicality?
How can I get rid of the obsessive-compulsive disorder of sleeping late at night?
How could one increase their dopamine levels for a long time naturally?
How can I keep my motivation to achieve something ever active?
What can I do to retain my physical fitness and mental health as I live past the age of 30?
How do I motivate my wife to get fit?
How do I get rid of the white patches on my elbow?
How do I relieve myself from parental pressure and criticism?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts?
How can I get rid off of unnecessary distractions that are no longer needed in my life?
What is the quickest way to increase my arm strength?
How do you get rid of tooth pain?
How can running every day improve me physically and mentally?
Are there any medicines to stop a tumour progression?
How can I improve my running posture?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What does it feel like to have to get rid of a lot of stuff?
Which is the most energetic and least energetic form of cyclohexane?
What should a 25 year old start doing now to live an healthy life into 60s?
Can low calories and low body fat correlate with depression?
How can one get rid of their tensions when working with deadlines?
What is the most effective way to smell your own breath?
What are some tried and tested ways to get rid of Mormons and Jehova's Witnesses when they come knocking at your door?
How do I get rid of acidity and headache?
What are good ways to walk correctly?
What are techniques to get rid of cramps at school?
Can you get rid of cellulite on the back of your legs?
How can I get rid off from stomach pain?
What are the best foods and exercises to improve lung health?
As a 50-year-old, how do I get rid of the prostate?
Is it possible to get rid of hypersensitivity?
Is there any exercise or remedy that can help to get rid of cellulite?
If I'm not in a certain mood, I can't bring myself to be productive no matter what. This habit is problematic for my academic and professional performance. How do I break this?
What are some great ways or techniques to improve breathing and/or form while performing burpee exercises?
How can I get rid of my feet pain?
What kind of fruit (or vegetable) prevents or gets rid of diabetes?
How can you improve the smell of your breath?
How do I get rid of white spots on my teeth?
Is there an effective way to prevent canker sores?
How can I decrease or get rid of the sweating in the armpit parts?
What should I do to get rid of a severe head congestion?
What is the best exercises (books, etudes, etc.) to develop a technique and gain better speed based on your very own experience?
Why does exercise make me feel worse off?
What are a few exercises which help get rid of obesity, but do not affect growth?
What are ways to naturally get rid of armpit odor?
How do you get rid of hairy arms?
What is the best way to make yourself energetic for the entire day?
It is safe to use allopathic medicine for using personal improvement?
What are the best ways of being on the ball, maintaining concentration and reducing mistakes during a normal 8 hour day?
Can I do yoga in the morning and running in the evening on a daily basis?
How do you strengthen your mind to withstand incredible career pressure?
What are some multi-vitamins that allow you to focus for long hours and be very energetic?
How do I rid myself of Complacency?
What are the things that exhaust us (mentally, physically, both)?
How can I get rid of a rash from deodorant?
How did large dinosaurs get rid of excess body heat?
Male entrepreneurs, if you came upon a site that would give you membership access to weekly workouts, meal plans, system for getting more done in less time and finding balance in your life, would you join it?
How does a person develop a healthy attitude towards sex?
How do health/beauty brands cultivate a strong following?
How do I get rid of magical thinking (anxiety)?
What are some ways to naturally enhance your glutes without working out?
What is the best way to get rid of plantar warts?
How can I avoid sitting down too much?
How do I 'get rid of' my deep affection for my girlfriend?
How can I get rid of an oily nose?
How do I get rid of misogynistic thoughts and feelings from my mind?
What do I do with my laziness?
How do I get rid of dark toenails?
What are the effective ways to calm yourself down when you are almost OOC?
How do you stop ferrets from smelling?
How can I solve my "unsure" mind problem? (read the description to understand what I want to say)
How do I commute from Noida to Daryaganj on a daily basis, besides the metro?
What is the best way to get rid of self pity?
What is the most efficient way to increase hormone levels?
How do I gain my self-confidence back when I have been depending on luck all the time?
What are ways to get rid of premature wrinkles?
Certain thoughts and images are always stuck in the head, how to get rid of those?
How come dentists always tell me I'm doing something wrong, no matter how hard I try to follow their advice?
How can I get rid of pissants in my kitchen?
Is there a way to stop masturbating and control myself from doing it daily 2 times?
How do you get rid of a head cold?
What strategy helped you both lose weight and maintain energy levels or even increase them?
How can I get rid of belly button gunk?
How can I stop thinking about fitness, gym, exercise and eating healthy all the time?
How can I get rid of my extremely horny nature?
How do I get rid of my kitten's odor?
What are some homeopathic ways to get rid of fleas?
What can I do to get rid of rotten egg burps?
Did anyone of you give up your dreams becuse it might not suit your health?
Does overthinking lead to a headache?
Is it true that if you are sleep deprived, then even a small inconvenience will make you angry?
What is the origin of this type of treatment and how effective is it?
A lot of times I feel weak and tired, and cannot sit up straight or hold a book in front of me without effort, like there is a weight upon me or I am really weak. What are some possible causes of this?
How do I control my mind from thinking about eating all the time? I realized that the reason I am overweight is I always think about food. So how can I think like a thin person?
Why does my heart beat fast whenever I play Mario Kart?
What do you think was going on when a disease (later identified as HIV) ravaged the gay community in the 1980s?
How much meditation is enough?
In your daily life, What is the most common mistake you see which is done by people around you?
Can my head become smaller due to stress?
If you, as someone who has/had cancer, could say something to everyone who is or will be diagnosed with cancer, what would it be?
Does Melanin give people superior physical, mental, spiritual abilities?
Are most addictions bad for one's health?
What sport can I do to be strong?
What does it feel like when you need to show your private body parts to a doctor for medical reasons?
How do I stop being possessive and sensitive on my gal?
Why do people go to bed early when midnight is the perfect time to stay focused?
What should I do if I can't eat when I feel hungry?
What is the remedy for a person who likes to smoke, but has first world problems like inhaling the smoke into his lungs?
How does health correlate with power?
What drives one to start smoking in this day and age?
Is it normal to fantasize about dying or killing yourself? Not like 24/7 but at least once or twice a week?
How do you deal with a grandfather (87) who doesn't eat and doesn't answer why he doesn't eat?
Why is flexibility important to the body?
What makes college so stressful?
Does smoking and consuming alcohol really help in relieving stress?
Being a nocturnal, are we violating laws of nature and affecting our health? Or are we just different?
Is there an age when you really start to feel older?
What exercise can relax my brain from my heavy workload?
How do I get over my horny state of mind?
Is a supervisor at fault if his/her employees continue to call in sick or show up late?
Is it possible to get rid my fetish for feet and female domination?
What are the best ways to actively relax (or active relaxation)?
What's the scientific benefits of masturbation why is it bad for you with visual aids?
How can I get a face/neck lift for free?
No amount or type of jokes - online or offline - crack me up. Do I need to visit a doctor?
In professional burnout, how can colleagues help?
Do you know any tips that can potentially save someone's live?
What is the disease in which one's mind works very fast?
What do people really think when they see a very skinny woman?
What is it like to have CRVO?
What happens when you masturbate almost every week and it's been now three years?
How do you reduce stress at work?
How come I never experience visual hypnagogia when falling asleep?
What supplements do you feel people need to eat and why?
After 6-8 hours of 'rest', why does one not get up crackling with energy and enthusiasm? Why does one feel so sleepy immediately after getting up?
Why are Indian women so stressed out?
If a guy has sex while he is high, will he forget?
How can I let my feelings out without crying?
If serotonin and dopamine cannot cross the blood-brain barrier, how can its supplements help increase their levels?
How do I cleanse my body and mind from negative thoughts, garbage food, feeling of guilt, past diseases, and default assumptions and start afresh with a lighter soul?
Do men who get laid more often than others masturbate more frequently or less frequently than those who get laid less often than them?
What does it mean when you're dead tired but refuse to sleep?
Why do women eat chocolate when they are stressed?
When did life reveal its magic to you?
How do I stop dreaming continuously at night?
How do I best compromise to get the best of both?
How might John Doe's lack of self-acceptance cause harm to Fred Wrinkle (his dad through adoption)?
What exactly is a person suffering from if he laughs hysterically and immediately starts crying uncontrollably and does so in a repetitive cycle for a few times?
Today I saw a pregnant woman outside her building smoking a cigarette. I was shocked and angry about the health risk to her fertilized human egg. Should I have said something to her?
Is there a correlation between obesity and intelligence?
What advice would you give to a person with a really bad memory?
How do I feel positive again after a stressful week at work?
Why do many people use products without thinking about what is actually in them (e.g. makeup, food) and about how the products' chemicals will affect them long-term?
Can you spare a few moments to take my survey for therapy related fields?
How does it feel when a doctor ask you to take off your clothes?
Why does one need to visit a gym/take a walk/exercise and do all sorts of additional activities after 6-8 hours of daily rest, recuperation, rejuvenation, and re-invigoration for the body in the form of sleep?
What motivated you to smoke your first cigarette, knowing how deadly and addictive they are?
Have you ever had any such experience in your life when you have seen your tomorrow in your dream?
Is it bad that I am 17 and only 123 pounds?
Do you ever think that there is something seriously wrong with you?
What do you experience when you're high? How does smoking influence your life, experience, actions, thoughts, feelings, and interactions when you're high and when you're not? And what is it like when you're high vs when you're not?
Why can't you just have a little stress?
How can I really manage my stress, at school and social life, avoiding my headaches?
Is it true that negative thinking always damage people's health?
How are fat people treated in other countries?
What are some of the best stress reduction techniques found to be most useful?
Why do people keep talking about meditating and breathing techniques when stressed people end up more stressed after their session?
How is it possible to make yourself believe that you could actually lose weight?
How can a person know when it is healthy and when it is a bad thing to be alone?
It's always hard for me to fall asleep. What is the best remedy for going to sleep fast and for a good long time and not waking up during it?
What are the ways to make yourself relaxed when you are stressed with your work?
If you were put in a coma today and awoke 5 years later, what would be the first thing you'd want to know?
What should I do if my face has gotten really thin because I got nervous two years ago and I started to lose fat in it?
What can I do to put my mind at ease?
How can I reduce belly fat after pregnency?
What is stress management? What are some suggestions for stress management in teens as well as some posters?
What are creative ways to avoid being a workaholic?
Some days, my brain just feels like lead and I can't concentrate to save my life. What could be the reasons for this?
Why should we apologize for sneezing?
What are the most important things to keep in mind for a beginner when running?
What is the best way to bio-hack coffee to get high off of it?
What are the little known facts from our daily life, which we do every day but never pay attention to?
Are Butterbur plants effective for preventing migraines?
How does one deal with occasional insomnia?
What is the current state of the scientific literature regarding the link between unexpressed anger or resentment and cancer?
What incidents in your life made you feel health is wealth?
How can I promote the idea of SilentSoundSpace to recharge vitality and reduce stress in a workplace?
What is the missing step that prevents you from eating the way you want to?
What's the best way to relax, pass time easily, be productive, and to relieve anxiety?
What can one do to prevent burnout by working long hours in office?
What is tension?
What age is too young and too old to be tazered or stun gunned by the police?
Recently I was traveling and felt motion sick. Some days later, when I used the deodorant that I had used on that day's travel, the same feeling of motion sickness came back, even though I was at my home. How do you explain this?
What are the impacts of working continuously without a break and what are its effects on the human mind? After how much time of continuous work does a human mind need a break?
What can be the reason I always feel the urge to throw up, even without meals?
Is my life ok if I stay online learning programming instead of going out because I don't have friends near my house?
Why does our throat feel dry after running for a long time?
Why do sudden temperature changes make you sick?
What position can help my BF last longer in bed?
What is the advantage of being intelligent when those who claim to be suffer the same curse of getting sick, get old and die?
How do you deal with your need to workout when you can't workout?
Sometimes while listening to subliminal messages in music or waves I feel light headed and sick to my stomach. Why is this?
How do I increase resistance to being worn out on stressful occasions during work?
What makes me so tired and lazy all the time?
How do you know if your daughter is "too" skinny?
Which is worse for health: daily masturbation without pornography or daily pornography without masturbation?
What is something that would scare me into flossing my teeth?
What are the long term effects physically and psychologically of listening daily to the conversations of neighbors?
What are the worst symptoms of nonverbal learning disorder?
How can I stop my back shoulder bones from popping out so much?
Where are all the anti-vaxxers? How can we hear from them?
How do I resist the urge to sleep?
What is it like to have Morgellons disease?
Is psychology making us sick?
Is it unhealthy to totally isolate yourself?
What is the best method to free your mind from tension and stress?
Is it sometimes better to not take medicine and let the sickness run its course?
How can I get my type 1 diabetic adult child to care about his health?
Why does my skin feel like something is crawling?
Is mesotherapy a good way for strengthening my thinning hair? Or is just a commercial, useless way?
Can the food we eat affect our emotions?
We know physical exercises keep us healthy, but we lag in showing interest to do that regularly. Why?
What are some of the ways you deal with physiological pain? Other than taking pain killers.
How do I counter stress especially when it is giving strong negative health impacts?
What is the difference between medicine and therapy?
By looking at a person's gallstones can you tell how likely complications are to happen? Can you tell if there is a rare chance of complications for a specific person, or if they are most certain to happen?
How does drinking and alcohol affect you?
How can I cope up with the stress at work and keep myself relaxed?
Do you think garicinia cambogia is a good fat burner?
How can a person actually stick to a diet?
Why does eating cause stress relief amid mental tension?
If a child is rewarded with healthy food instead of sugary foods for good behavior from an early age, would that build the child's psychology to consume more healthy food and refrain from sugars throughout his life?
How much role does one's psyche play when fighting an illness?
How do you lower your tension?
How do I purposefully lose interest in food?
For young women experiencing hair loss, what are some ways you've found to cope?
What do you know about abscesses on the butt?
What can I do if I feel my doctor does not listen to me?
How long will it take for the effects of coffee to not work on me?
What is the difference in health benefits between genuine laughter and artificial laughter?
How does stress negatively affect your life?
How do I differentiate a good pain from a bad pain?
How do I trick the mind to eat less quantity instead of forcing myself to not eat at all?
What statement may act as a pain killer for various problems?
What has your experience been (positive or negative) taking Nuvigil to deal with alertness and sleep related issues?
What are things I could do to reduce or eliminate stress related nausea?
Why do people think inhaling marijuana is ten times worse than eating prescription drugs, which is more likely to kill you?
How much time should we spend watching TV and other screens?
How can you get rid of thinking in a problem that brought to you insomnia?
Do the hormones released when stressed cause body fat to develop at a faster rate?
Why did Thomas Duncan lie on the Ebola screening survey?
How do I get 5-alpha reductase from my diet?
Is it a disease if you gain 10Kg every year?
What is a "mother wound" and how can it be healed?
Is it possible to faint from trying to fathom the greatness of the universe?
Do you know a young person that died of cancer?
So my granddad died of a heart attack. Ever since his death, I've been having random impulse thoughts about my heart getting stabbed, dying of a heart attack, etc. How can I stop this nonsense?
What are the benefits of being alone/having no friends?
Is there any treatment to mentally and physically get rid of attraction towards the opposite sex? Do these treatments have any negative side-effects?
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?
What is the best way to cope with being productive while still sick with a flu?
Does stress exacerbate all immune-related illnesses?
When one is sick, does it take a toll on their intellectual capacity?
How do you concentrate at home when you have maids making noises all around the place?
What's the psychology behind stress balls?
Why do some people age better than others?
Can sugar contribute to stress?
Why don't we feel thirsty sometimes even when we haven't had water for long hours?
What are some interesting things which happened to you during a jog?
At what moment did you become old?
Does racism have physical consequences?
Why has the big trend lately been that everyone should be comfortable in their own bodies?
Is shaking of the fingers while writing a psychological problem?
Is there any way to acquire synesthesia?
During boring classes, I normally carry chilled water with me in order to jolt me into wakefulness. However, if some of it unexpectedly falls on me, I experience a feeling similar to the feel of burning. Why is that?
What are simple yoga techniques that help to get rid of anxiety and stress and build a pleasant mind?
Who should you blame if you are stressed by nature: you or them?
How do I get sparking eyes naturally at home?
How come I never get fat?
Why do people drink Loose tea?
What is EDTA and why is it used in all cosmetics?
How do I lead life in a colorful and positive way?
Six years ago I had an accident and my body was damaged from one side. Even after all this time, my face and cheeks are not normal. They respond heavily to dust and colors. Sometimes after I wake up my face becomes whitish. My cheeks turn red upon touching. What can I do to fix this?
Can men be tested for HPV?
Who is more prone to self-doubt?
Do you know of any ways to help tiredness due to allergies?
At what age do children usually know shapes, colors, how to count to ten, and the alphabet?
Is entertainment self medication?
What kind of eating habit should I have while working out at gym?
Why are some game developers spoiling children's health and minds, and parents also support this for giving them mobiles during school days?
How do you gain willingness for what you have to do?
What should I do if one of my family members does not eat and he is always giving the excuse that he is sick?
Is phimosis considered as medically unfit?
How can I prevent study burn-out?
What kind of physical health problems do you have after sitting too much at the computer?
If a brain of a healthy volunteer is dissected vertically into two units (both the parts will function normally) and one part is transferred to a healthy brain dead person, (with today's technology this is doable) what would be the fate of the mind? Will there be two minds or one?
What are the harmful effects of low-dose long-term usage of kratom?
Why is it that I never feel full after eating a lot?
Every time I feel pressure or have too many things to do I simply fall asleep. I try very hard to stay awake but nothing has changed. What is the best ways to stop yourself from over sleeping?
Is too much good like too much sugar, harmful?
Does being vegan really help animals?
Is it true that big pharmas' reputation on the Internet is really bad?
What are the advantages of stress?
How do I cure RA?
What is it like to be severely underweight?
Is it easy to stop smoking, if the only reason behind one's smoking is loneliness?
How did you get back your ability to sleep well after burn out/crisis?
Is it healthy to keep my expectations low or will that just stop me from accomplishing anything?
Will I ever be able to lose my gynecomastia and be normal?
Why is it that after I work out I tend to have difficulty concentrating for the rest of the day?
How many hours do I have to stay isolated to remove emotions of social threatening/conflicts?
Would sneezing while ejaculating feel even better?
What are the micro climatic effects on building sites?
Is it good to be restless?
What's a quick way to find out how tired you are?
What is tone deafness?
How can I heal my past wounds?
Is memory loss always a part of aging? How much loss is considered normal?
What kind of medicine might a hospital give someone who was getting aggressive or physical to knock them out or calm them down quickly? And could that medicine impair memory or mental focus?
Can sensory overload be induced by stress?
How do objects of meditation differ in the benefits given to a meditator?
Cell phones radiate with less power and less frequency compared to the radiating black bodies around us. Why do people fear cell phone radiation more than black body radiation as a cancer source?
What would the consequences be if a child is insured for health under their parent and the parent's unmarried partner rather than the child's other biological parent?
How do I cure sciatica pain?
What is the difference between normal stress and bearing stress?
What is a good way to avoid the feeling of a "cloudy head"?
What way do you use to stay calm at a time of stress?
How as a INFJ male, can I improve interpersonal interaction in a more healthy way like others?
What are the cheapest foods you can buy in the U.S. to meet your daily nutritional needs that you can eat a lot of to feel full and satisfied but don't have a lot of calories so you'll become fat and also don't taste awful?
Why does reading a book reduce stress?
Is it normal not to get hungry all day?
How often do people with health insurance have emergencies?
Can chewing food 32 times really help lose weight? If so, what are some more details about it?
How do I deal with hunger while cutting (as a vegetarian who doesn't take eggs, but takes milk)?
How do I achieve falling asleep earlier than usual even though I'm not tired?
If people can sleep with their eyes open, does that mean we are asleep when we daydream?
How can we define stress?
After listening to someone for some time (10 to 15 min max), I cannot follow what one is saying. I hear the words, but I cannot make any sense. It's been happening for years now. What's wrong with me?
Does a variable being a Granger cause necessarily make it a good predictor?
Would you pay to be taught how to ace studies, get rid of stress and manage your time?
How do I feel less tired?
If marijuana reduces stress, then do marijuana smokers have fewer stress-related hormones (like cortisol) in their blood? Do they exhibit signs associated with low stress (good cardiovascular health, strong immune function)?
After cutting my finger nails, my hands feel dry for a day or two. Doesn't matter if I cut them a bit longer. I get a strange feeling that I shouldn't touch anything with my hands. Why is this happening?
Why is it discouraged to meditate at night?
What are the measurable instant effects of stress on the human body?
Why do they always say that "fats" are not good for you?
Can binge drinking turn into moderate/social alcohol consumption or does one have to quit alcohol completely to rid of the negative effects of deadly drunkenness?
Why does my mom still take care of me when I'm sick?
How do I fight with the weakness arising due to asthma?
Which is more difficult to handle, physical stress or mental stress?
What strategy should I adopt to lift myself up after falling again and again in life, after many ups and downs?
How do I know I'm in an early stage of anorexia?
In a normal individual, gas exchange between tissue and capillary is most limited by which of the following?
Why do we feel warm on the site of an injury on our body as compared to the other body parts?
Whenever I walk up to an air-conditioned room or where there's just a fan running, I get a cold. What is this happening?
How can Coldwork affect a recrystallisation?
How can I learn to cope with my addiction to denial of taking stuff I become addicted to?
What is the best way to recover from rape as a male?
What does it feel like to be in radiant or vibrant health?
What can I do to reduce my anxiety and stress while I am looking for my "first real job"?
Does a fever have any relation to improving my brain capacity?
Why don't you drink?
Why is it such a taboo for girls to smoke in India?
What can I do to release stress in an airplane?
How do I reduce stress levels during the exam period?
Can Javascript make you sick?
Are positive ruminations unhealthy?
Can a pharmaceutical study on healthy people for a medication against leukemia (blood cancer) harm me or put me at risk for health issues?
Can a hypochondriac make up diabetes symptoms in their own head?
Does WhatsApp check your phone list every minute to update who is using it?
Can lack of sleep make you lose concentration or make you not reason like you should?
Whenever I try to concentrate on anything, I start yawning and feel sleepy even when I am very much interested in studying. Why does this happens?
What are the five health tips you always like to remember yourself and follow regularly?
Would it be better to avoid the issue of obesity in a loved one if you've tried to help many times over the years and they get upset and dejected about it, or would it be better to continue to keep trying to do something about it?
Do you ever have too much energy keeping you from sleeping? How do you get rid of it?
Does icing yourself really help you recover from a tough workout?
Why do people have unhealthy relationship with food?
Does physical exercise reduce a craving for sex?
Can not drinking enough water make you go crazy?
How do I get my dad to get rid of our sulfuric acid drain cleaner?
What are the physiological and psychological effects of cold and snowy weather on dark skinned people (browns and blacks)?
Is it true that in Japan you only pay for health insurance when you are healthy and stop paying when you get sick until they give you good health again?
What is a better way to detox, decreasing the dosage slowly or going cold turkey?
What will happen if half of the world becomes obese?
What is life without stress?
Is it possible to have a 36-hour circadian clock?
Do you have ankylosing spondylitis? What does it feel like to wake up in the morning with ankylosing spondylitis? Do you find that you seize up if you don't keep moving?
What is stress and what is its remedy?
What causes heat bumps to get inflame?
How is forgiving someone a self healing process?
Who feeds the really fat people who can't even get out of bed? Why do they do it? And how does it happen in clinics?
How can I stop the shivering of my hands and legs when I get tense?
Can stress cause night sweats? If so, how?
Why is it that I can wake myself up at certain precise times if I will myself strongly of it just before falling asleep?
How can I prevent study burn-out?
How do you prevent binge eating other than not restricting throughout the day?
What are the harmful effects of low-dose long-term usage of kratom?
Do people trust you less if you frequently get sick?
Does being vegan really help animals?
What can I do to reduce insomina?
Is there any way to alleviate premenstrual breast pain?
Can psychological problems cause physical problems like reeling sensations and headaches?
Would handcuffing a cocaine addict to a pole and providing for their basic needs allow them to deal with the withdrawal symptoms or would there be more serious side effects?
How tough is it for a couple to deal with their baby who has cystic fibrosis? What strain does it usually put on the relationship bond?
What is a way to treat migraines naturally?
How do I rid myself of systemic fungus?
What are the boring things you can do to help sleep when you don't feel tired at all at 4am in the morning?
Whenever I am logging in my FB account a nude video from adfly automatically tags in and shares it with all of my friends. How to get rid of this problem?
If you have an HMO and a medical issue that needs somewhat immediate attention (within a few days), what do you do?
What is the Ziegarnik effect?
How did you get back your ability to sleep well after burn out/crisis?
Is it really a disease to hear sounds when actually there is no such sound around? If so, why does it happen?
Whenever I have to study my course stuff, I feel sleepy. But, whenever I watch movies I remain awake for hours. Why is this so?
Has anyone tried biological decoding or biodecoding? What was your experience?
Why is it that after I work out I tend to have difficulty concentrating for the rest of the day?
How can stress affect your work?
What triggers the endorphin hormones in our brain?
How is stress bad for health?
What's that feeling called when you look down from a very high height?
Does being gregarious affect your professionalism?
If sleep is 'rest' as the doctors and scientists consider it to be, then what hard work has a newborn infant done to sleep 22 out of 24 hours in the first few days?
Should someone be worried about a burst vein?
Should medical care be free for everyone in the USA?
What is your advice for starting a running club based on enjoying one's body and one's environment, rather than punishing one's body and tuning out one's environment?
Why is there a periodic fake posting of Dr. Abdul Kalam's poor health on Facebook almost every now and then?
What are the best ways to relax your mind, body and soul?
What might cause increasing misread words over a period of months?
Will the rich live longer than the poor?
Smoking doesn't has single positive effect, all it does is harm the person and others around, so why isn't it banned? There are taxes that government gets, but can it compensate for no.of diseases and deaths?
Why do we all run to help when someone is in physical danger, but don't when they are in spiritual-mental or psychical-emotional danger?
How can a person recover energy after a work-day?
How do I overcome stress occurring during a disease affected period?
What way do you use to stay calm at a time of stress?
How as a INFJ male, can I improve interpersonal interaction in a more healthy way like others?
How do I keep myself from getting tired of school?
Does a tetanus injection given to a pregnant woman hurt?
How do you get yourself out of low-energy, always complaining and tired of everything situations?
After listening to someone for some time (10 to 15 min max), I cannot follow what one is saying. I hear the words, but I cannot make any sense. It's been happening for years now. What's wrong with me?
If marijuana reduces stress, then do marijuana smokers have fewer stress-related hormones (like cortisol) in their blood? Do they exhibit signs associated with low stress (good cardiovascular health, strong immune function)?
While studying, if I concentrate more I get sleepy. What can I do?
Do all people smoke and drink for pleasure and to relieve stress and anxiety? Does this means they are unable to handle stress and are mentally weak?
Why do we feel hunger?
Why is it I feel like I actually got quality sleep whenever I eat a meal before bed but if I'm hungry and go to bed, I don't feel well rested?
Are you a cyberchondriac? Is there a solution for cyberchondria?
How do you plan your weekends to relieve stress from a long workweek?
Why does my mom still take care of me when I'm sick?
How do the massive amounts of tissues in the pelvis and legs get enough blood during a 5 hour operation like an "AAA" repair when the aorta that supplies them is clamped?
Why do we feel warm on the site of an injury on our body as compared to the other body parts?
Whenever I walk up to an air-conditioned room or where there's just a fan running, I get a cold. What is this happening?
How can Coldwork affect a recrystallisation?
What are some ways to live well?
How can all body pain be killed without killing off all feelings?
UVA wavelengths are said to have an antimicrobial effect. How effective are UBI treatments?
How do I fight the extreme amount of tension and stress, that is being caused due to upcoming JEE result day?
What exercise should one perform after fasting for a whole day during the month of Ramzan?
What can I do to release stress in an airplane?
How do people on chronic opioid therapy deal with constipation?
What is the side effect of taking Revital?
What are some brain conditions/problems/diseases where we can't concentrate on specific things and all things assume equal importance?
Whenever we become highly interested in life and motivated to start working, suddenly the urge to have a bowel movement starts. Why?
Whenever I go to the loo I involuntary fart with a loud noise. Should I be ashamed of this behavior?
Could attention deficiency syndrome happen to an asthmatic person?
What happens if you keep speakers playing music really close to any of your body parts except your ears?
How can I make the most of a day when I'm sick?
What is a healthy mind?
How do I quit taking benzodiazepines?
Are positive ruminations unhealthy?
What are some high quality elastic materials that maintain elasticity over a long period of time?
How do I change my mood early in the morning if I wake up cranky due to disturbed sleep?
Is there any particular type of death from which a being can be brought back to life?
Is there any negative effect of sleeping in the evening?
How do people cope with lack of sleep?
What are some simple ways to remind myself to keep a good posture?
How can I deal with a serious overtraining addiction?
What are the best ways to treat sleep disorder?
Why does our body start to relax when we concentrate on activities of our body?
Can not drinking enough water make you go crazy?
Why do we get confused sometimes while sleeping about which direction we were sleeping in?
What are the physiological and psychological effects of cold and snowy weather on dark skinned people (browns and blacks)?
What could be happening to my body that is making me have a lack of sex drive and give me headaches?
How do you heal from pornography and chronic masturbation going on for decades?
What is a better way to detox, decreasing the dosage slowly or going cold turkey?
What will happen if half of the world becomes obese?
Why can't I sleep? I normally go to bed at 10:00pm but the sad fact is it will take at least three hours to fall asleep. I don't want to take any pills, but I just want to sleep, peacefully. How can I sleep at least after 30 minutes?
Is it normal to stop masturbating after thirty for a virgin male?
Of late I have started reading a lot. Will it not make me more lethargic and lazy since I am sitting for a longer period of time?
What is stress and what is its remedy?
Could you make sense of this health lesson?
Why is ignoring your health a universal phenomenon?
How can I convince my parents that I need a health check up? (read question detail)
This will be subjective. What is the worst non-fatal disease you can get?
Is a person with vestibular damage at risk of death?
What is the best way to get rid of crows feet?
How much time can a person focus or grasp on their studies without sleeping?
How can I manage my sleep in a normal pattern?
Why does pain have to be so painful?
How many cigarettes does one have to eat in order to get the same nicotine buzz as smoking one?
Why do we become tired when in bed even though we're not using any energy?
What's the cure for a heel spur or plantar fascia?
What could be the reason for the variance in our quality of thinking?
How can I know whether or not my kidneys are healthy?
What is the healthy way of grieving? How can a health worker, especially a nurse, help in the grieving process?
How is gray hair produced by stress?
How much do lighthouses really help?
Is there a specific reason why some people propagate vegetarianism as an ideal way of life (apart from religious/sentient/moral reasons)?
What is the science behind feeling so energetic the next day after a 30-minute intense cardio exercise?
Do Yoga Nidra practitioners really need less sleep to feel well-rested?
How do I convince myself to get back to yoga when I am so stiff and out of shape?
How does Buscogast act on our body and what reilef does it give?
What are the things that can help you de-stress yourself?
The nurse missed my vein and pinched me in the wrong area. Now I have a tingling sensation and it is bothering me while working out. Will my arm recover?
This girl gave at least 9 guys head before me, and she hasn't given me head yet, but now she wants to: how safe is it? What are the risks of a STD?
What is bunion surgery's pain like?
How can I be more physically coordinated (apart from playing sports)?
Why can't we sleep when we have running thoughts?
Can a person get muscles by doing yoga?
Why do my feet shake involuntarily sometimes when I keep them inclined with just my toes touching the ground while I am sitting? Is it normal? Is there any medical reason for this?
Is it scientifically proven that if the siblings of cousins get married they are mentally weak?
Is it possible to stay up for 24 hours and still have energy without drinking any caffeine?
Which is the best toothpaste in India? I have been using Close-Up and I don't feel like I brushed. Which one will make me feel fresh?
Every time I eat I feel pressure in my upper and lower abdomen. Why is this?
Can chewing on random things make your teeth stronger?
Why does my hunger go away after a 7k-yard swim practice?
Is there any free counseling for stress management and nutrition programs?
Why is snoozing bad for your body?
How do repetitive suggestion affect one's mind or acts?
What should I drink after swimming in a public pool (chlorinated) in order to get rid of toxins and the chlorine that I drink while swimming? Will milk with tamarind help in this?
In my kitchen garden whenever a bulbul sings, my left ear also vibrate. It happens with my left ear only. Is it resonance or something else?
How do we get rid of advice?
As soon as I enter my house, my stress symptoms get triggered. What can I do about it?
Accepting that somebody is a smoker, what could be some pieces of advice that could be given to him/her so as to minimize the effect?
What generates stress?
What is sural nerve pain a symptom of?
What is the scientific reason behind: eat less, live longer?
Is confirmation bias bad for us? If so, how can we get rid of it?
How does reading always take away my stress?
Has anyone ever had headaches that come from the loud noise in your head, your thoughts? What is there to do?
When sleeping we remain lying down for 8 hours or so, with our mouth closed and dry, why can't we stand half that time doing that while awake?
Why is laughter the best medicine?
Were autoimmune diseases in the past recognized?
Is there any disease or sickness that children are more likely to survive than a middle aged person?
How is weightlifting bad for you?
Is hunger a function of the stomach or of the mind?
What causes you a lot of stress? (The bad kind of stress)
Sometimes after lying/sitting down for a while, I get a head rush. Not like a simple one where you get dizzy. I've been getting them where I literally fall over, I can barely move, and I feel numb. Is this just me?
What are some foods that could help ease your anxiety?
USA: What do you feed your kids that they grow up into such innovative people?
On weekdays I wait for the weekend to do my pending work as some tasks are left incomplete due tiredness. On weekends I do nothing at all. How can I break this cycle of normal daily life?
Why don't diabetologist inform patients about spikes caused by wheat, instead they recommend patients to eat wheat?
All over India, why are people still not aware of clean and healthy in India? Is there any quick way to achieve it?
What lifestyle changes can I make now so that my sleep problems don't continue as I grow older?
Do people with vestibular damage still get the urge to gasp when they hold their breath?
What should I do to keep my body and mind healthy now that I’ve been diagnosed with prostate cancer?
Why is porn considered to be harmful and addictive, while masturbation is considered to be healthy? Don't they both go hand in hand? Doesn't porn act as a catalyst to masturbation?
How do I get rid of chronic fatigue?
Do people who are gaining weight realize that they are gaining weight?
Why is smoking cigarrettes widespread among open minded folk?
How do you stop a running toilet?
Is the working stress of a material expected to be: equal to the ultimate stress, equal to the yield stress, less than the yield stress, or more than the yield stress?
Why is my caffeine addiction so bad?
Which is true: a bad thought makes a body sick or a sick body makes a bad thought?
What is the best way to cure a scratchy throat?
Does Confido from Himalaya really work?
Is being in space bad for your heart?
Do herniated spinal discs heal on their own with time?
What is the best solution that Indians do for PC problems?
If you have the desire to get fit and train in the gym but you don't go, what stops you?
Is there any thing wrong with drinking 10 bottles of Coke Zero a day?
What do people want from the American healthcare system?
If someone asks me if I am falling asleep, I will say no, even if I am about to fall asleep. I see other people do this as well. Why do people do this?
What are the positive and negative impact of advertising on society?
Is there a cure for melancholy?
What are the causes of Diz Ameliyatı?
Is the hostel at HBTI really bad?
Do smartphones make us tired?
Has anyone experienced a benefit from practicing mindfulness for chronic pain?
Could shortness of breath be associated with stress and being nervous? Does it have anything to do with my emotional state?
Fitness: With 40 kg weight and 5'4" height at 21 years old I am very weak and want to be a normal person. How do I build a good body?
Is it true that masturbating regularly can result in a potbelly in men?
What are the things I need to keep in mind while making my fitness blog (gym)?
What are the causes of a decidual cast?
What are some of the breathtaking/funny incidents on smoking cigarette that changed everything?
Which is the cheapest medicine which has saved your day/night?
How does stress scientifically work?
What is the effect of a countertop overhang?
Is there anyone else out there with anemia?
Is there any scientific evidence that supports the notion that doing drugs alone is worse and/or unhealthy compared to use in a social setting?
What could it mean if I have a weird feeling in the joint area of my jaw on the right side of my face and popping of the ear?
Why does it feels so good to smoke a cigarette just after a meal?
Why are IT people under more stress?
Why does caffeine (sometimes) make me tired and anxious?
What are some ways to get cozy?
How do you take the stress out of budgeting your resources?
How can I make my father get over his drinking habits?
Is there any respectable research available regarding the negative effects of playing games on children under 10 years of age?
Do you know anyone who had an undescended testis and had a surgery. Was it successful? What are the percentage of success?
During stress we have sympathetic overactivity. Why do the gastric secretions increase as they are controlled by the parasympathetic system?
Can performing cunnilingus cause gut problems?
What is the food one should eat to get rid of laziness?
How do we cope with the early withdrawal symptoms of masturbation addiction?
How does past life regression work? Does it really help?
Why do fat people feel they know anything about nutrition?
How can I help my girlfriend stop picking her scalp?
Do thoughts affect the pH system?
Whenever I get up after sitting for some time, I hear a cracking sound (no pain) in one of my knees. Is it always the nitrogen bubble or a lack of exercise?
Has anyone had experience with autism in a child that's high-functioning? What were the symptoms, signs and hyper sensory issues?
Do you think Americans are are ruining Yoga by introducing stupid things like baby yoga or other stuff?
How do people who live alone manage when they are sick?
Why are Jews one of the most hated communities in the world even though their contribution in science and medicine is undeniable?
Does smartphones make our eyes tired?
Why do orange-colored foods make me feel so sick?
Is talk therapy the best way to recover from emotional trauma?
What is the correlation between smoking and intelligence?
During lunch today, I raised the question to a group of people and almost everyone agreed that the higher up you are, the better you feel (not drug-related). Why is this?
What is a quick way to get rid of hiccups?
Is the increasing obesity in the Western world also changing the perception of what a healthy and attractive person should look like?
Are growing pains real?
How is US unemployment (nonfarm payrolls) calculated? Are women, who are taking a few months off to take care of their newborn, included in the workforce?
What might cause the feelings of dizziness in our dreams?
What would cause blood blisters to form in my mouth in the same place over and over throughout my life?
What is the most unhealthy behavior a parent can model to their children?
What needs to occur for everyday citizens to stop blindly trusting health and food industries and recognise the harms and dangers in American food and drugs that are banned overseas?
How come native Arabs look so healthy and handsome whereas most immigrants become overweight and unhealthy after a few years in Gulf countries?
How kidney feel acidosis?
Why is smoking an offensive thing?
What does pain indicate?
What are some jobs in which one does not have to sit in the office all day long?
Will more of medical care move online?
Does practicing with the non-dominant hand affect your brain?
What are the things (physically and mentally) that one must follow to grow 2-3 inches height at the age of 18-21?
What is that sole way by which anyone can feel lively and energetic each moment?
What is going on and how do I get rid of a small pop I feel every time I bend my left knee?
What are some of the ways that cause loss of face that Westerners do not understand?
What is the best way of getting rid of the swelling and the uncontrollable itching that comes with a mosquito bite?
How does one can get rid of stomach irritation?
Is it bad that I'm always tired at the age of thirteen?
Is it possible to observe the process of breathing without being involved?
What things should a diabetic do to control his diabetes?
Why do people get fat after marriage? Is it not important to keep attractive for your spouse?
Will there be any changes in one's brain if he meditates beyond 1000 hours? How do long hours of meditation affect life?
What is the average breathing rate of a person while walking?
Why can't I lower my weight despite my effort to do so while my friend doesn't gain weight even though he never exercises and eats a lot?
Is Eugenics a way to stop the rampant excess in global over population?
How can I resist the urge to snack on something all the time, especially when I am working on my computer?
Why do I feel better and more productive when I'm tired?
What are the things about smokers that non-smokers will never understand?
Why do the feelings of hunger and sleep recede after a while if we do nothing about it?
What are ways to prevent pre-flu symptoms?
Should I get a port?
Is it healthy and normal for brothers to settle their differences through occasional violence (punches, pushes, chases, tackles, kicks, but no facial damage)?
Is chakra scientifically proven?
What are the best ways to get mould out of the house without affecting asthmatics?
What psychological side effects can a driver get after seriously hitting a pedestrian?
What do you think are the most harmful effects of electronics on today's younger generation?
What causes efflorescence on basement walls?
How do power naps work and how do you take one?
How can I enjoy studying without feeling tired and sleepy?
Is playing games for long hours really bad for studies?
What is the correlation between stress and diseases?
How common was lice in the pre-modern West?
How do I relieve college stress?
Is it immoral to drink alcohol?
What would be the impact on emotional health of the individual and wellbeing of the comunity if every kid under 5 would have access to good quality psychological assistance?
Would sitting too much really kill you?
How can I change the habit of waking up tired almost all the time?
Is it possible for a person with one functional lung and an asthma problem to lead a normal life?
Can Prozac give angina-like symptoms? If so, what can help ease them?
What are some tips for programmers to take care of their health, especially while sitting for a long time every day?
What is the name for the process of losing information over a long period of time?
Can a person fall unconscious or feel out of breath if they thought they were running out of air?
Why do people snort caffeine?
Why can't I stop drinking after 1 beer?
What's the effect of aging?
Why is hair bleach bad? I've bleached my fine, dark body hair 1-2 times a month since my teens and nothing bad has happened. Am I at risk of any bad things happening because of this?
What is the best way to heal a broken shoulder?
Can the Procyon Mind Machine really help you focus and relax?
What are the most effectives things you know to solve emotional trauma?
Could an 82-year-old gigolo make a living?
Is shopping a stress buster?
Do people with mild anorexia nervosa live longer because they emulate the effects of caloric restriction?
Is there a way for me to stay updated on new forum posts?
Can anxiety and stress cause very frequent urination?
How can benzodiazepines have little effect on me at high doses, even when I have never taken them before?
How should I deal with minor allergies?
A person I know (age 50 years) has been chewing tobacco for 20 years now. What should I do, as I am his well wisher?
Why do people get achy when they get sick?
Is it possible that a dark skinny person will turn white?
What could be the cause of a blocked nose that is constantly runny, headache, sores in and around the nose, face swollen on one side, sore teeth? Please help
What can you do to get some relief from insomnia?
What are the best supplements or drugs to make you burst into hystrical fits of laughter?
How can someone who knows that they are fat and desperately wants to get slimmer eat stuff that makes them fat?
Is it normal to feel tired after working out the previous day?
Does meditation help to heal old traumas and does it make you able to handle it?
What are the best ways to heal hypothyroidism?
What factors should be taken into consideration when choosing what type of home to live in?
Is it bad if I excessively exercise?
Should a person rely on unprescribed medications or medicines over the counter in pharmacies if it really doesn't benefit their health?
Is it normal to start fearing ghosts and feeling anxious days before getting my period?
What is the quickest remedy for a headache caused due to mental stress?
What is the best way to reduce 10 pounds most effectively?
What is the best medicine to get rid of fewer?
Why are both my arms sore?
How many psychotherapists are more sick than their patients?
Has the hard diet (some dates a day) bad effects on mind, thinking and neuro-transcribers?
Human Psychology: Is beating children, slandering and threatening them as a way to discipline them and make them more obedient okay? What are the long term effects of such behaviour?
What are some ethical restrictions in a doctor-patient relationship? How might they allow or prevent certain aspect of patient care?
How do I study well while fasting?
How do I take care of hyperactive children?
Forgetfulness, impulsiveness, (mood swings and depression), poor self image, lack of motivation, restlessness and anxiety, relationship issues, extremely distractable, trouble relaxing, trouble starting a new task, angry outburst, prioritizing issues. Do I have ADHD?
Why does your face turn pale when you become nauseous?
How do I make a heart clam down?
How can I stop being tired?
Do you think I might have PCOS despite not having irregular periods?
Do psychological problems get worse with age?
Can hard water cause stomach problems or any serious problems like stones?
How should one treat one's juniors in a hierarchy but who are otherwise much older in a government office in India?
What changes, biologically speaking, would happen if a person were to hold their pee in for a long period of time?
Why do people always forget how they fall asleep the next day?
As a side sleeper, what is a good solution to listen to music without my ears hurting with earphones and not waking other people up with speaker phones?
Does yoga really transform so many lives?
Is eating little but often a great way to combat stress?
How can I relax and stop thinking about stuff at night so that I can fall asleep faster?
Why do my knees and ankles feel heavy while running?
Walking: Are there any advantages of a casual walk?
Is it rude to constantly bring up someone's weight, and constantly tell them they aren't healthy because of it?
Can external hemorrhoids go away without surgery?
How did a pet change your health for the better?
Does running help keep the brain sharp?
How do you help an alcoholic who creates excuses for not going to detox and keeps claiming they've started to cure themselves?
Is it normal for a male to lose 10-15 hairs per day?
Is experiencing a sharp pain in the head when thinking about one particular problem a sign of a disease of the brain?
By slightly putting upward pressure on my forehead, it helps me to be more focused and aware. In other words I seem to be able to think more clearly by this. Why is it? Is there any scientific reason for this?
Are high levels of testosterone dangerous?
Is sweetcorn bad for fat people?
Does the glucocorticoid spray and inhaler cause addiction?
Whenever I breathe deeply for 10 to 15 mins it feels as if I will faint and have weird sensations in my head. Why does this happen? How can I cure it?
Can bionic limbs be implanted to a diabetes patient? Can it be implanted into a paralyzed person? If it is so can it be used on Stephen Hawkins?
In which country are most people smokers?
Why are some people more often ill/sick than others?
How do I get rid of sinous?
Is it hypocrisy if you're engaging in self destructive behaviour like smoking cigarettes, or drinking alcohol, while seeing others better themselves like exercising or bettering themselves in any other way, and wish them success and motivation?
What will happen to the person if he or she has been kept blindfolded for a week or a month? What will happen while blindfold and after its removed and its effect on mind, health and what would you experience?
What is a good foundation that won't cause acne (read details)?
How do I prevent my mind from going stiff?
What is the logical reason to withhold from light to moderate exercise when one is sick?
Does leaving town or going on vacation really clear ones mind and relieve stress?
Is obesity a reason for absent-mindedness?
How do I overcome chronic pain and constant negativity and helplessness associated with it?
How do I start exercising knowledgeably?
Why does shopping relieve stress?
Why does pressure or tightness relieve pain in some areas of the body?
What happens inside your body when you get the urge to do the daily exercise?
Which vitamins should one take for thinking straight?
Does sex actually affect one's intelligence? If so, how?
If someone has been clumsy, like constantly bumping into things, tripping a lot, and dropping things since they were very little, should they worry about it?
How have you dealt with the hunger pains and resist eating when using a necessary antidepressant?
What does 40 pounds of fat look like?
Should a person tell a doctor they were wrong after getting a second opinion and different, correct diagnosis?
What if obesity really is catching?
What should one do to get relief from all his stress for a while when he is studying for his exams?
What effect does castration have on humans? Does it have the same effect on dogs?
Why do some people say it's bad to shower in cold water after working out?
How do I work efficently throughout the day?
Something very strange happened with me today. What could be the reason behind it?
Will frequent sexual intercourse impact one's health negatively and positively?
Is it okay to go to the gym twice a day?
Why does it happen that a person with a higher level of diabetes loses his vision rapidly or develops other vision problems?
Is there a way to classically condition yourself?
What is the reason for a sudden, sharp head pain?
Why do people snort caffeine?
How does sugar make people fat? Doesn't fat make people fat?
Should one check a postprandial glucose 2 hours after one started eating, or after one finished eating?
Would a shorter workweek help relieve unemployment?
Why is hair bleach bad? I've bleached my fine, dark body hair 1-2 times a month since my teens and nothing bad has happened. Am I at risk of any bad things happening because of this?
What is harming?
What are some common frustrations people have when it comes to losing weight?
What happens if someone who has intermittent explosive disorder somehow manages to control the outburst and rage? What are the physical affects on the body?
Is it true that everyone will get more tired physically as they age?
Could chronic pain be in your mind?
What should you do if you suspect a roommate might be poisoning you or tampering with your food?
Who can help me in setting up a healthy routine?
Why can't I make myself vomit?
What are ten convincing reasons why alcohol is bad?
Is feeling cold psychological? Why do some people feel the cold more than others?
What can you do to get some relief from insomnia?
Is it normal for a 45+ aged unhealthy man to have a porn collection in his phone even though biologically he is quite unhealthy, fat and diabetic?
Is it okay to continue smoking while losing weight?
What is the negative effect of celibacy?
Can blind people get assistants?
What is more socially unacceptable: asking invasive questions or sharing too much information about personal things?
What can I do for my leg as it frequently becomes numb?
What are the best ways to heal hypothyroidism?
When ever I lift heavy bags or weights my fingers itches and swells up immediatly. What's the reason?
What factors should be taken into consideration when choosing what type of home to live in?
Why do people continue to drink soda despite proven facts that soda drinks are high in sugar and contain unhealthy artificial flavorings? Is it an addiction similar to drug addiction?
Why do we feel hungry after we brush our teeth in the morning?
What is a great food for a person with hypoglycemia?
How does having an orgasm relieve stress?
Why was my mouth salivating during the recording?
How can I objectively know if I am more or less healthy than most other people my age?
How do you make your lips bigger naturally?
Do people who 'love' workout, workout if it provided no health benefit?
Is it bad if I excessively exercise?
Will sitting cross legged affect us?
How do I treat prostatitis?
Is the person sleeping aware that he is snoring?
Should a person rely on unprescribed medications or medicines over the counter in pharmacies if it really doesn't benefit their health?
What is acute stress?
What practices/routines have been scientifically proven to improve various aspects of health? (with references to support it)
Why are both my arms sore?
What are the signs of ADHD?
Does playing games lead to stress or relief?
Where did the myth that human life expectancies were much shorter long ago than today?
What are some natural ways of getting high?
Why does your face turn pale when you become nauseous?
What is the difference between stress that makes you pig out vs. stress that suppresses your appetite?
In what way can non-scientists help scientists in coming up with new cures for diseases? Is there anything the regular person can do?
Does exercise lessen the urge of masturbation?
Why is playing with kids a stress busting experience?
How do you make your husband to go to bed early?
How should one treat one's juniors in a hierarchy but who are otherwise much older in a government office in India?
Psychology of Everyday Life: What should you do when you are feeling sleepy in a class and you want to get rid of either the feeling or the class?
How can I get my mother to stop body-shaming me?
Is it possible to prescribe more than 1 anti-epileptic drugs at a time, like clonzepam+ethosuximide+valproic acid?
What changes, biologically speaking, would happen if a person were to hold their pee in for a long period of time?
How do I get rid of a cough and a cold?
Is it hard to take care of a dog while traveling as a drifter?
Neuropsychologists: If a person frequently makes errors of comission. What are some possible causes of this? If it were neurological what could it be?
Nipples get erect according to the kind of stimulation a woman’s body gets, more specifically around her breasts. What does this mean?
Is there a natural way to help facial asymmetry?
Is being overweight really about addiction?
Why does my brain always feel itchy?
Why does it take longer to recover from exercise as you grow older? What can be done to accelerate the recovery (eg. certain types of food/ vitamins etc.)?
Why would maternal warmth cause a negative effect on a child's ability to empathise while paternal warmth shows a positive effect?
How do I ask my mom if I have a uterus without showing embarrassment?
When you go to a bar, do you drive there and then limit your drinking, or always take a cab even if you aren't planning on drinking much?
Does a "scare cam" have negative effects mentally or physically?
Is there any cure for acrophobia, other than medication?
How can I stop stress or become free from stress?
How do you help an alcoholic who creates excuses for not going to detox and keeps claiming they've started to cure themselves?
Why do people in America get their children circumcised?
Why does processed sugar make me feel weak after not eating it for a long time?
By slightly putting upward pressure on my forehead, it helps me to be more focused and aware. In other words I seem to be able to think more clearly by this. Why is it? Is there any scientific reason for this?
Are high levels of testosterone dangerous?
Is masturbating 2-3 times in a week, the reason behind losing weight?
What are the effects of sitting in a negative pressure room for long time?
What can I do to gain back my fitness after suffering from typhoid?
Why don't I feel energized in the morning even though I sleep for 7-8 hours?
What is the logical reason to withhold from light to moderate exercise when one is sick?
How should one not get influenced by a flatmate's bad habits?
Does staring at a monitor for a long time trigger a migraine attack?
How do I start exercising knowledgeably?
What is critical stress?
Why don't fat and heavy people develop muscular bodies?
Why don't most (actually all) of our dreams make any sense?
How do I beat prostatitis pain?
What happens inside your body when you get the urge to do the daily exercise?
Is there a way we can control our hearing just as we can close our eyes and hold our breaths?
If someone has been clumsy, like constantly bumping into things, tripping a lot, and dropping things since they were very little, should they worry about it?
What is the best way of getting high without doing any harm to the body?
What should every individual know more about?
Do vegans really need vitamin B12?
Should a person tell a doctor they were wrong after getting a second opinion and different, correct diagnosis?
Something very strange happened with me today. What could be the reason behind it?
Has gastritis ever healed or is it just something that you manage?
What are some positive effects of panicking?
What is the best time of the day to go to work on a business day, and in general during a 24 hour span?
Why do my legs always tremble and shake out of nowhere?
Why does breathing in and out of my nose calm me?
Drinking coffee is the only way I can get rid of daily headaches. Why?
When you go to war (for example: Afghanistan), do you get enough time to sleep or will you be tired most of the time?
What could be causing me to always feel sleepy even after I've had a full night's rest?
Why does your hearing increase when feeling tired?
What are some extreme treatments for severe inflammation pain?
Does eating probiotics actually change your gut microbiome?
Is a bad attitude more destructive than smoking?
Why are both of my kidneys hurting me so bad?
What is social well-being?
Why do most women ignore minor health-related discomforts?
What is a bad effect of mustarbating?
How long after a filling will the sensitivity during chewing go away?
Is it normal for my fingernails to hurt?
What are the factors preventing fat people from slimming down?
What is the healthiest way to deal with sugar addiction?
Health: What can I do, in order to prepare myself, before and after, for my ear operation, eight days from today?
The doctors say I have blue-dot cataract. What does this disease consist of? Will I go blind?
Can having sex at the age of 14 cause medical problems?
What does it mean to have a "weak constitution"?
How do I convince a guy who drinks occasionally to stop drinking at all?
Why does my left side of my left thigh feel numb sometimes?
Why don't Westerners use surgical masks when they get sick, like Asians do?
What are the best things we can teach to our kids to have better and healthy lifestyle?
Why do we feel tired when we decide to learn?
Can a sore shoulder with a supposedly torn rotator tendon hurt your back and make your stomach too acidic to the point where you need an omeprazole?
Will I lose weight if I remain on a calorie deficit but all of my calories are "bad"?
If someone farts, and it smells really bad, can that be a sign of internal infection or disease?
Is it bad for a teenager to drink coffee regularly?
What are the processess that cause protolithic metamorhisis?
Is it normal to stress in interpersonal exchanges?
If you were deaf and blind, would your doctor help in finding you someone to help you in your normal daily life?
What are the benefits of workingout ArmTighter Daily?
What is the best way to stay awake during boring times without drugs (including caffeine)?
How can one stop being skinny?
Is it bad for the health of the gun to store a pistol with the slide back?
Why do people eat tobacco as it is written on the packet that it causes cancer and many health related problems?
How can some people sleep anywhere and everywhere?
Are some pain relievers better for some types of pain than others?
How much of people's stress is self-inflicted?
Why do we often get nightmares when some kind of weight is placed on our heart?
Are there any tricks to maintaining intense focus for long periods of time without drugs?
How do people have enough energy from having less than 6 hours of sleep?
Why do people get constipated from drinking too much coffee?
How can I avoid drinks?
Are there any pilots that suffer from travel sickness? If so, how do they cope?
What are the benefits of a country?
Is a person with good health or a person with a lot of money wealthier?
Why is it that I only get nightmares when I sleep on my back and not when I sleep on my stomach?
Why is waking up from sleep so demanding, both physically and mentally?
Which medicine should be taken for bad throat?
How much did the SWOT tool help you to manage stress?
What are some negative effects of being on Quora too much?
What is the best way to cure a bacterial lung infection?
How do I deal with post-interval training hunger at night?
How many times does a psychometrist need to run a test to verify its validity?
What is the rate of false negatives for H. pylori testing?
Why do seizures (fits) stop when we place keys in our hand?
In this past year, my nerves have gotten increasingly worse. I get very sick and anxious when getting nervous. Which makes me even more nervous. How can I calm myself down enough to where I don't feel at least sick any more?
What are some things that might cause dizziness upon waking?
What causes paruresis?
Is there a placebo effect on muscle growth/exercising?
Theoretically, is it possible to get rid of sleep?
How do you stop a bruise from itching?
How do people maintain their body balance while smoking cigarettes because the control over mind decreases as smoke is inhaled?
What are some natural tips to remain youthful?
How do I increase my health? I think I am a very skinny kind of person. What are some suggested ways to increase?
What is the best way to detox my body of all toxins and viruses?
Have you experienced pain in your heart while breathing?
Why is exercise said to be good for you although it creates stress within the body? Apparently the body doesn't differentiate between physical and emotional stress.
Which is the best toothpaste (naturally equipped) actually for a stinking mouth?
How do I know if I have too much visceral fat?
Is the ad of Shakti Prash really effective or fake?
Why does a Mt. Dew Kickstart with 92 mg of caffeine make me feel more awake and energized than a cup of black coffee which has about 163 mg of caffeine? Is it all in my head?
How does spending time outside help reduce stress?
Why does intense thinking lead to physical fatigue?
What are the negative effects of a long-term 101 degree fever?
Why did these two teenagers assault me? Can I still report them?
How can you tell if you have depersonalization?
Can stress and too much on your mind cause you to not be able to have an erection?
How could gulping soda on an empty stomach, on a hot day, lead to unconsciousness?
Were there fat people in prehistory?
Does it ever happen to a surgeon to feel sick during a surgery?
Is national fat acceptance just making people worse off?
What are the dangers of using an Epilady on my face?
What are the best methods to stop drinking alcohol as soon as possible?
Is it strange to talk about personal sleep patterns at work?
Can deaf-blind people get assistance with jobs, shopping, identifying items, etc.?
What are the benefits of taking a vow of silence for a long period of time?
What are the best exercises to do for stress relief?
What should I do if I feel fat and ugly?
When we drink juice, especially the ones made with synthetic ingredients, does the colour remain in our bodies or where does it go?
What home remedies can you do to get rid of toxins out of your dog?
What is the best cure for depersonalization-derealization?
How come thinking about food makes me feel sick?
What are the most convenient exercises to beat the routine stress?
How do I overcome work stress?
Is there any natural way to gain 15 kilograms of weight in 3 to 4 months?
Is US News right about orthodontia being low stress?
How do you avoid overeating?
