What's the funniest Quora glitch you've seen?
What is your opinion on reviving old memes?
What do you think was the most ironic/funny death in any time period?
How do I easily make memes formatted like memes shown in iFunny?
What are some Texas fun facts?
What text pranks can I pull on my friend's boyfriend?
Is Romanian humour similar to (stereotypical) Italian humour (like Lisa Lampanelli)?
What is the funniest or strangest thing that someone has said while under anesthesia during surgery?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
What’s the best joke you know?
What is the most funniest joke ever?
Why are some jokes funny but others not funny?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
What is the funniest failure you've ever seen?
Is there any comeback or reply to Bania jokes?
What is the one joke that made you laugh, at a time that you were sad?
What are some cultures that do not have humour as part of their daily lives?
Would you laugh at me for wearing cartoon undies?
What are some sarcastic replies with large vocabularies?
What are some funny questions to ask children?
Why do the north Europeans have a different sense of humour than the Latins and English?
What are some things that have gotten INFPs in trouble unintentionally?
How can we define humor?
Why do people use "gay" as a cuss word?
What is the most hilarious thing you saw on Quora?
What are some jokes about stinky feet?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a student in your school say?
What are some of the funniest leave applications that make you laugh out loud?
Why is it when someone tries to pull a prank that they exaggerate the reactions of their targets?
What was the funniest blind date you have been on?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What are some places where I can be heard (some things like TedTalk)?
If you could play a practical joke on Donald Trump, what would it be?
What is the craziest viral video about China’s Mao revolution?
Why do I find death funny?
How can I become ironic and tastefully funny?
What is a joke that two prison guards would joke about?
What are some funny ways to come out as a trans?
If your name is Patrick, how often do people make some joke about a hat trick?
What are some sarcastic replies to sarcastic replies?
What's the funniest photo you've seen on the internet?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
What kind of jokes are funny in China?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Why do people think that comedians are naturally funny when they have writers that create their jokes and then test them on audiences?
What is the connection between the stand-up comedy community and Nucleya? They all seem to be promoting him and his works!
Why do Germanic people (without UK) have a blunt sense of humour usually?
What if you are no more fun to have with?
What is the most ridiculous job application form that you've come across?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
How can I stop being cringy and funny as a teenager in high school?
Which is your all time favourite joke?
Do you like dank memes?
What are some humorous Sean Kernan answers?
What are some comedy duet scenes?
Is there such thing as a Trump supporter who is funny?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
What should I do if she made jokes after I expressed myself?
What is funny in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8oKJDjzOeA?
...
Does being funny have anything to do with intelligence?
What are some funny conversations you have with your ex?
What is the most common fraction that one comes across every day?
Would you call a stand-up comedian who's disabled in a chair, a sit-down comedian?
What is a good short chemistry joke?
What are some of the best funny, troll, gag, and memes pages on Instagram?
Where is the best place to find memes?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
What prank did you do for this year's April Fools?
Is "It's just a prank brah" a reasonable excuse for a really bad joke or inflicted pain?
Should people aiming for an IIT have no fun? My dad thinks that I should sit for the next two years and only study and have no fun. Is it true?
What's the stupidest or weirdest thing that a teacher you know has said or done?
What is the role of humor in literature?
What are some funny stories of finding who was stealing your lunch?
What's your favorite one-liner joke?
What are some funny topics to write about?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever said in your life?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have told you?
What kind of jokes would a fan of absurdist comedy produce?
What is the best joke you have heard in your lifetime?
What are some good ways to prank your brother?
How many memes are there?
What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say that was meant to be serious?
What are the funniest questions on Quora you have come across?
What are some of the inspirational or funny quotes I can use as a status on my WhatsApp?
What are some funny team names?
What is the funniest skit or standup that you've ever seen?
What are some funny jokes about periods?
Where can I find a video of a typical jerk’s behavior? I'm curious and find this funny.
What is the funniest compliment that you've received after sex?
Can being too funny with gals make you a clown - how much is enough?
What are some of the funniest photographs ever?
What could be a good song to prank a guy?
What was your funniest answer on the border control, when you was asked about a purpose of your visit to the country?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Why do we laugh when we see someone fall? Is there any scientific investigation/reasoning for that?
What do Usain Bolt, Ludwig van Beethoven and Madame Hooch have in common?
Is it helpful to use emoticons to hint at humorous content and if so, why don't more people do it?
How do you handle all of the jokes about Canada?
Why are so many Chinese people making fun of Indian democracy?
What are the best places in Karachi for playing pranks on people?
How do people who dislike toilet humor, feel when they have to use the toilet, especially defecating?
How do comedians react when people ask them to say something funny?
So, I read this article about workplace vigilantism and am wondering about it. What are people's interesting, funny, weird, scary, etc., experiences with this phenomenon?
Why can some people easily smile although the story is not funny? For me, it's too hard.
How can I practice being relaxed, funny and not so serious?
What is the funniest clean joke you've heard?
What could be a really witty take on the pros of the GST?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
What is the funniest folder name you have in your computer?
Why are some people shaped funny than others?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
What type of sense of humor does Athena Walker have?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you on an airplane?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
In your opinion, what is the dankest meme of all time?
What are the best "You see Ivan" jokes?
What are some of the miracles that you have come across as a doctor?
Why do we laugh contemptuously?
Do you have a fail proof way of making someone laugh?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
How does one determine the dankness of a meme?
What is the weirdest moment you have ever seen?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
Who likes puns?
How do I stop being cringy and trying to be funny as a teenager?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
What are the funniest Obama-Biden memes prevaling on the Internet?
What is the funniest ad you have seen?
Culturally speaking, what are some of silliest things you have heard?
Why do most teachers have no sense of humor?
What is your funny story related to condom in India?
What is the funniest life tip you ever received?
What is your favorite Family Guy funny moment?
What are some good examples of black humor without discriminating any minorities?
Are there any good pranks I can play on my neighbors?
What does it say about liberals that if someone in the GOP made homophobic jokes like Colbert does, those jokes would suddenly be offensive?
Can you guess how many times you made a sex joke in a week?
What jokes or scenes on The Golden Girls did you not understand until you were older?
What is the worst excuse given by anyone?
What are really funny books, plays, or movies that have a male and female for leads (that aren't romantic)?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
What has made you laugh recently?
Why do Indians make jokes about engineers?
Why does Nike want everybody to exclusively practice information technology?
What's the funniest rap you've heard or made and deserves attention?
What is the funniest looking Nuke?
Have you ever been a victim of just for laughs?
What are the best 6th year pranks?
What is the best way to come up with comebacks?
Why are milkshakes called milkshakes if they aren't shaken?
What was the weirdest way you befriended somebody?
Do Chinese people ever make fun of Vietnamese language?
What are some good Google Plus Communities or Collections for adult jokes?
What is your favorite sex joke?
What are examples of weird and funny phrases?
Is a joke still a joke if you have to point to it and say, "This is a joke" for people to get that it is a joke, and/or get the joke itself?
What are good cafes to organize an open mic standup comedy event in Udaipur?
What are examples of hilarious birthday quotes?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
What was the funniest comeback line you have ever said?
Who is who in the Joker's joke in the end of "The Killing Joke"?
What are some of the most amazing one liner motivational quotes?
Is it okay to joke about sensitive topics?
What are the top Santa Banta jokes in India?
What are your funny cafe/restaurant moments?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
Is this link funny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
What are examples of successful (not fatal to people using) humor under tyrannies throughout human history?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
Is humour a sign of intelligence?
What stupid dares did you have to do when you were a kid?
What are some of the most clever jokes in Rick and Morty?
What are the funniest and weirdest cases lodged in Indian court?
Who can draw a pic for this pun, “icy you”?
Where is Laughing Jack now?
What are some things that used to make you angry but now make you laugh?
If your current hairstyle was going to be permanent for the rest of your life, would you be happy or not? Why?
Why do I laugh at people?
Is English a funny language?
Whats the funniest thing you ever seen your mom do?
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
Where is the best place that I can find funny, trending memes such as Cat in the Hat or SpongeBob Chicken?
Who are your favourite comedians in the world?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What was the craziest prank call you've ever done/received?
How is Bhuvan Bam funny?
Why do some comedians seem to never laugh?
What's your most humorous childhood memory?
Who is a person you've ever met who has a great sense of humor?
Can you tell me any funny/good/memorable Minor League Baseball stories?
What are the best one liner about rainy weather?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
What are some sarcastic sibling jokes?
What is the funniest insult you've heard in college?
Do you think that English is a funny language?
Are the Chinese funny?
How did you get away with stealing stuff?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen/done/overheard?
What is your favourite meme with a deeper meaning?
What is the rationale behind not encouraging joke answers on Quora?
Why do white people have a better sense of humor, compared to other races?
What is the best song to prank my boyfriend with?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
What is a funny part in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
...
Do you like dickbutts?
What are some of the funniest misheard lyrics (buffalaxed) songs?
What is the most interesting law you've heard of?
What form of humor is correlated with higher intelligence?
Have you ever laughed suddenly while crying because of something funny happened?
What is the funniest pickup line you have ever heard?
Why is it that jokes are made about engineers while it is one of the toughest courses?
Which is the funniest Bollywood song you have ever heard?
What is the best joke on cricket that you have ever heard?
What is your wittiest reply to H. Green's question: What is the most pretentiously serious thing one could possibly do?
What is a question which would make people laugh?
What is the funniest thing you said with no regret?
How can I Make My laugh less?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
Is it normal to joke about death?
Why do I feel like I have heard every joke?
What are some funny excuses that you have come across when you ask someone to donate blood?
What awesome pranks can I pull before school ends (I’m 15 almost 16)?
What was the most ignorant, stupid, ridiculous thing your teacher has ever said?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
What is the best sex joke you ever made?
How can I grow my sense of humour?
What is your favourite current meme? Why?
What is your favourite bilingual joke?
Why can’t I have fun?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
Can you explain the whole "sleep on the couch" joke?
Which is your favorite Vadivel comedy? Why?
How can I increase my sense of humour, if I'm not much good at cracking jokes or laughing at another's joke?
Which people have a better sense of humour, Chinese or Americans?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
How do I keep from laughing?
What is the funniest Chinglish you've seen?
What is the funniest local train incident that you had in ODISHA?
What is a long joke about a bee and a lion?
Can you make a person believe any bogus story as a prank?
What do you normally find funny but most would be offended by?
What is the stupidest thing you have heard?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube that made you laugh really hard?
Does your country have a saying about the British/English? I've heard some funny French ones but curious if there are any others.
Regarding stand-up comedy, do you have to pay to do an open mic?
What was the killing joke in "The Killing Joke"?
What are some funny/interesting things you have observed in Kolkata?
I don't understand the reason why people pull pranks, can someone explain why people do them?
What are some examples of horse puns?
What is the funniest thing you did when you were drunk?
Do you ever come across a situation and think this has happened to me earlier also?
What is your favourite "she was only a profession's daughter but…" joke?
In which countries making pranks can be extremely dangerous?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
What are some memes to troll scientists (comparing them to engineers)?
What is the weirdest thing a girl has ever asked you?
What is more important for a woman: muscular body or humor?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Do you like when other people laugh? Why/Why not?
Where can I buy boxers with funny slogans/one liners printed on them for men?
Which country is the funniest?
What did you do when you woke up from anesthesia?
Is it too late to start doing stand-up comedy in your mid-40s?
What's your funniest Odyssey of the Mind story?
What if I'm the only person who thinks I'm funny?
What is the most ridiculous phishing email you've heard work?
What are some funny moments in Indian Army?
What was your weirdest/funniest dream?
How do I stop trying hard to be funny?
What does Chandler meant by "too many jokes, must mock Joey"?
What is the funniest thing a border patrol has said to you?
What are some of the most useful encyclopedia you ever came across?
Why isn't SNL funny anymore?
What is the funniest southern joke?
What was the first meme of a photo?
Why is flat-out racism against white people a popular topic in stand-up comedy? What's funny about it?
What are the funny things you have ever seen/noticed while waiting at the red signal or during traffic?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a student say?
Why didn’t the Columbine shooters kill more people?
How do I give a stand up comedy open mic performance in Bangalore?
How can I resist the temptation of biting the toffee in my mouth?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
What are your most horrible and funniest stories with Google Maps?
What is your least favourite dick joke?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do narcissists have a good sense of humour?
What do you think about Tollywood memes?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
What is the greatest short joke you know or have heard?
How can I understand if someone is being bullyied or it's all just jokes?
Why do guys think that girls can't be gross and funny?
What are some CA jokes?
What are some inspirational or funny quotes that I can use as a status in my WhatsApp?
How come Jalals has never been prosecuted for his bomb pranks?
What sex joke that you've made are you least proud of?
Why can't I do Snapchat? Meaning when you do the camera with the funny faces or characters on there.
Is the Everyday Feminism magazine a joke?
Do you have a funny story about meeting someone famous?
What is the dumbest thing you have seen/heard?
What is the funniest tweet of 2017 so far?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard at school?
What is the worst/funniest thing in this world?
What is your most pointless but amusing fact?
What are some of the funniest times you have laughed when you shouldn't have laughed?
What are the most nonsense questions you have come across in your life?
What is the funniest thing about millennials?
What are some of the funniest mistakes​ you have seen on Quora?
Is it important to bring the humor in our life if we want to develop our sense of humor?
What's the best prank call you've ever been the victim of?
What are some interesting and funny words like "clinomania"?
What is your favorite meme picture?
What's the most fun thing about being a voice-over artist?
What is the best joke you have ever heard and why?
Do you think it's important for people to laugh?
What is the most ironic thing about you?
What is the funniest, weirdest, or best band name, in your opinion?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
Did veterans have any interesting/funny experiences when working with another countries’ troops?
Why are there more dick jokes than vagina jokes?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What would you do if someone has called you a pedophile as a joke?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What are the differences and similarities between comedy and philosophy?
What is the funniest thing you saw on the internet?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
Do Royal Navy submarines always torpedo whales that they encounter, or only if they're attacked?
What are some funny T-shirt images/memes you have seen?
What is the source of WhatsApp jokes?
Why are Sikhs stereotyped and made fun of, as Sardarji jokes?
What is your story of stealing something?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
Who is the funniest teacher you have had?
What's your favorite English joke?
Is there a "Nazi humour"?
Is laughing when someone falls a folkway?
Is the Murray's sandstorm-conjuring spell in Hotel Transylvania 2 actually based on the Egyptian language, or just gibberish?
Who are some famous cock blockers?
What is the most incredible lie you ever heard?
If a public "prankster" pranks you, are you allowed to harm them?
Is it bad that I want a girlfriend who jokes as much as I do?
Is the assumption that people who work in tech and code are more humorous correct?
Would "Finding Hoarders" be a better title than "American Pickers"?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
What was the most amusing conversation that you have ever heard?
What are some good shower pranks?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen while driving?
What's a short and funny way to say this phrase, “Please excuse brevity and typos, this message was born on an iPhone”?
What is the price you've paid for being sarcastic?
What are some API for Fun/Jokes/Funny Gif?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
What is an anecdote or funny story of you or people around you that was caused by a misunderstanding of body language in Greece?
Which state is the butt of all jokes in each country?
If you were to do a spoof on Trump and Alice and Wonderland, what would it look like?
Trump is a beloved target of funny jokes. Can he, himself, laugh at such jokes?
When was a time you walked into a room, saw something, then turned right around and walked away?
How addictive is Quora?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a budgerigar, or a parrot say?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
What are some funny duets?
What is the worst possible joke you can come up with off the top of your head?
How do you deliver a joke to maximize humor?
What is the best letter you have written to anyone or come across?
How can I get someone to get 8 detentions in the most humiliating way possible?
What is your funniest HoI4 Millennium Dawn experience?
What are some jokes to make when hosting a talent show?
Why shouldn't we look down while crossing the road?
Which books are a must-read once in your lifetime?
Is it possible for an atheist vegan who does crossfit to go 10 minutes without telling someone about it?
How do I sound funny? I know jokes, I have humourous content for myself, but whenever I try to present it, it never sounds funny.
What are some of the WhatsApp hoax that people are forwarding, believing it to be true?
What are your Chandigarh-related funny experiences?
What is your favorite joke to tell at parties?
How does humor or what is interpreted as "funny" differ culturally around the world?
What's the funniest or most clever name you've given to your dog(s)?
What was the luckiest case in your life?
Does making too many dick jokes make someone a dick?
How many dick jokes have you memorized?
Have you ever been pranked by a stranger?
When was a time that you farted and blamed someone else, or vice versa?
What’s the most offensive joke ever?
Why are they laughing at me even though I'm not trying to make them laugh?
What are some funny conversations you have with your toddler?
What should I do about ridiculous doubts that I have?
What are some things that foreigners do or say in the US that are hilarious or stupid?
What are the best WWII jokes?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
What is the best prank you have ever done?
Why do girls or female friends say "tell me a funny story"? What is the purpose behind this?
Which is the most entertaining, happiest song you’ve ever listened to in your life?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened in a Model United Nations you have been to?
Should I gather sufficient experience in life before writing smart and humorous answers on Quora?
What are the funniest yet logical quotes Chanakya must have written in his rough copy?
What are your own funniest answers on Quora?
What are some hilarious jokes about chemistry?
Do you believe Kevin McCarthy was joking about Putin paying Trump in comments he made last June? If so, did you find them funny?
What is morbid humor, and what are some examples?
Who's name do you think is perfect for them? Why?
Is the song "Little Talks" supposed to be ironic when played during "Kilmeade & Friends?"
What are some funny rules of life?
What memes are the most popular this year?
What is the funniest experience you had in high school?
Which are some of the funniest maps?
What are the funniest bot jokes on Quora?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been asked about computers?
What is the most badass thing about laughing so hard that you crap your pants?
Is there such a thing as good or bad sense of humour?
Where would you spend money if Arvind Kejriwal decided to share his 2 crore with you?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What was so funny about the Joker's joke in "The Killing Joke" that made Batman laugh? Isn't it an old joke?
What's the best high suspense anti-climactic jokes with no punchline?
Why are funny people often characterized as intelligent?
How can I make a funny prank video?
What was the most ridiculous thing that happened to you while you were playing a game?
What is the funniest thing that keeps you laughing?
What is the most funny, cleverly, dangerous or secretly things you have done on Quora?
What's the most useless thing you still have memorized?
Why do humans understand sarcasm?
Why do people that I don't know just laugh at me or laugh in my face for no reason? Why would someone just randomly laugh at someone they don't know?
How do I better understand sarcasm?
What are some historical facts about choler?
Do you think Islam is nothing rather than a prank played in the midieval age?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you or someone else while playing the drums?
What is a bar joke with the words bee and owl?
What if the MCU was grim and dark while the DCEU was lighthearted and humorous?
Which is the most stupidest question that had funniest answer you came across on Quora?
What are the best Hindi nonveg jokes?
It is possible to censor people for making fun of a handicap? Such as dyslexia?
What's the weirdest thing you ever heard your baby say when speaking gibberish?
What's the funniest photoshopped image you've seen?
What is your proudest prank story?
Which meme is your favorite? Why?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
Is it bad to like edgy memes?
What are good Trump jokes lately?
Has anyone ever farted on your face?
How do people in nudist colonies keep a straight face when they are talking to each other, especially members of the opposite sex?
What is the most sarcastic answer that can be given when a teacher asks, "what took you so long in the toilet"?
Are there any interservice joke among China PLA?
Whats the dumbest thing you have heard a conservative say?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Is attending a fun park really funny?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
Which are the fake prank channels on YouTube?
What's the funniest story about your wedding?
Do you like the "understandable have a good day" meme?
What are some of the best puns you know?
What are some risqué jokes that are hilarious?
What are ways I could practice to become witty?
Is India loosing its humour?
What is the silliest question you have seen?
Do you have any interesting spoiler evasion incident?
What is the funniest, most absurd excuse for not turning in a project you have ever heard?
Why do most Americans miss sarcasm completely when other people make a joke?
Where do you draw the line between “it's just a prank” and going too far?
Why do we feel designs are funny when they get older?
What is the funniest thing you have posted on Tumblr?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone eating whilst they were cycling or skateboarding?
What are the funny jokes you heard about movie Sholay?
How can you know if someone is not worthy of sarcasm?
Let's have some Monday fun. Which is your favorite meme for Monday?
What made you laugh just now?
What are some of the funniest things someone has done that keeps you laughing (clean topics only please)?
What are the funniest blogs of 2017?
What is the silliest rumour you've ever heard?
What are some nice and funny questions to ask your girlfriend?
What was the most epic senior prank you ever took part of/witnessed?
What would happen if there were no jokes, wit, or sarcasm in our lives?
What is the funniest 'Try not to laugh challenge(s)’?
If you laugh about death, what does that mean?
What is the most interesting question on Quora you have came across?
What is your young age secret which you now laugh at?
Have you ever found out terrible news and wished it was just a bad joke?
What is the most funniest blog you have ever heard?
Why don't we come across people with names Draupadi, Yudhistir, or Vibhishan?
What are some of the funniest computer problems you have ever had?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
What is the most weird or funny comment you have ever encountered in source code?
How can I laugh openly?
How do I swap/replace a face with another face in a video to make funny memes/videos?
Hackers, what is the funniest and weirdest password that you've ever seen while hacking someone's account?
Did you fart and glue it to your seat?
Can you write a humorous story that ends with "and nobody dared to speak out as he walked away"?
Who thinks babies are funny?
What is the funniest thing someone said to your teacher?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What is a lyric prank?
Has anyone came across people who are "KENSAR" to the society?
Why did I recently laugh out loud in my sleep?
What do people think of short, witty answers?
What is one of the most interesting rumors you've heard before?
What is the weird and funny thing about yourself?
What is your opinion of the Pepe meme being labeled as hatred? What about the Harambe meme?
What is the funniest joke, so that I may die due to laughter?
Why is Kevin McCarthy's joke about Russian payments to Trump not funny?
What would be the best word or one-liner for a doctor and an engineer's marriage?
Teachers: Who was the dumbest cheater you've ever seen?
Which book includes genuine and real story line, dark humor, motivation and some useful quality stuff?
In what ways can I make a stranger laugh?
What is the best roast you've ever heard or said?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
So I am really, really bad at sarcasm, both in recognizing it and in making sarcastic jokes. How can I improve my sarcasm game?
How is Nehrik Umashankar able to make so many hilarious jokes?
What is your favorite The Far Side comic and why?
What is the kinkiest joke you ever made?
What is a joke or fun story you like the most?
What other Quorans make good dick jokes?
Would you like to post any funny story about a pair of shoes?
What are three clean jokes that everyone must know?
What are examples of humorous proverbs?
What’s your best clean joke about making love?
Why can't I tolerate a single funny comment regarding me or my actions or performance?
Why does death make me laugh?
What is the funniest situation you have ever been in/noticed?
What are funny games for a fairwell party?
What was the weirdest YouTube comment conversation you've ever seen?
What is the funniest thing your sister has done?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
What are some fun ways to go about or say typically serious things?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
What are some of the best Balaji Vishwanathan memes?
How come what people find funny is cultural?
What are some French jokes?
What is the best DYAC (Damn You Auto Correct) moment you ever had or seen?
What ways can you make random people laugh?
What can be the very funny name of a coding team?
Why was Bahubali movie was so funny and stupid?
What is the dumbest answer you have heard on a quiz show?
Why do we feel nice when we make someone laugh?
What are the most ironic "last words" you have ever heard of?
What is the funniest restaurant experience you've ever had?
What is the funniest thing you've done after getting drunk?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done or said in front of your teacher?
What are some epic Twitter replies you came across?
What are some of the best excuses made by Ola/Uber drivers in India?
What is the best sounding African language you've come across?
What is the most ridiculous thing anyone said to you?
How do I make a girl laugh and smile while texting if I am ugly?
What are some of the funniest events that took place in history?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
What is the strangest, funniest, or most interesting thing you have ever seen at a wedding?
Can cheeseburgers laugh and sing?
What is the lamest reason one has ever given for committing sucide that you have ever heard?
What is the best roast you've ever heard?
Do you have a funny original story that I can add to my stand-up comedy show ?
What is the most funny line you have ever heard from someone?
What makes someone funny?
What are the funniest Malayalam memes you've ever seen?
Can somebody share some funny break up story?
What is the most sexist thing you have heard as a women or a girl child?
So I got bald a few years ago, it's really frustrating when some times people make jokes about this. What to do or how to react?
What are some of the most idiotic beliefs that you have come across?
What was the funniest / weirdest thing that happened to you while travelling in a Delhi Metro rail?
How good is Know Your Meme as a source?
Can I start a pranking video channel on YouTube as a creator or producer (but I will not take any part in funny acts in pranks)?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
How do I smile when a joke is even not funny?
Why does sexual humour turn me off?
Do you have any funny Envirothon stories?
What is the funniest non-English accent you have ever heard?
What is the single most hilarious joke ever said/made?
What are some funny things or behaviors you see in office culture?
What are some absurd name of vegetables you've come across?
What are some ways to practice to become more quick and witty?
What is your absolute favorite meme?
How can I add humor to a graduation speech?
What if a reentry capsule overshot it's original coordinates for landing and managed to land on top of a skyscraper in a city?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you can make up right now?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
Who said the line "Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya"?
How can I turn a picture of my friend into a viral meme?
What's the weirdest thing that happens in your school?
If two vegans are arguing, is it still called 'beef'?
What's the most embarassing thing you have seen in a hotel room?
What are your most horrible and funniest experience about Google Map?
What is the funniest thing you saw your sibling(s) saying?
What is meta humor?
What is the best line you ever heard/read in your life?
What are the funniest photo of mistakes?
What is the best prank you pulled on your siblings/ parents/ cousins?
Can you direct me to the best try not to laugh video (appropriate for school purposes)?
What are the funniest songs ever?
What is the interesting/funny side of Canada?
What has been the most funniest or hilarious dream while asleep, you ever had?
What's the most "Murica" thing you've ever done?
What is the best commit message/comment that you have ever encountered?
Is a sense of humor and being witty a form of intelligence?
What is the funniest prank you've ever done or heard of?
Is there a site where I can share a very offensive but funny collection of stories? Most sites reject extremely offensive writing.
What is the history of humor in India?
How do you react when no one laughs at your jokes?
What's the funniest joke you've heard this year?
What is the"meme font"?
Why did "Damn Daniel" become viral when it isn't even funny?
How do I write a funny play?
What is the "designated" meme about Indians?
I have come across one Asha psychic spiritualist. Are they really genuine?
What are some of the best/funniest jokes in bad movies?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
What are the most funny and idiotic crimes and criminals you've heard about?
What are some of the funniest excuses teachers have heard from students?
What is the name of that app which makes funny pictures and videos?
What is the greatest/funniest story you've heard or told?
If we do ever land on Mars, what do you think should be the funniest first words said?
What has been the most funniest incident that happened to you as a couple while trying to spice your relationship with your significant other?
Is anyone interested to join our startup as a blog / article writer?
What are some fun facts about the 442nd Regimental Combat Team?
What are the most annoying advertisements of 2017?
What is the most ridiculous conversation you've ever had?
What was your funniest interview answer, where the interviewer immediately asked you to leave ?
Which are the best YouTube channels to improve sense of humour?
If the Voyager probes were sent back to us by aliens, what graffiti on the outside of the ship would be a funny message from them?
Is a sense of humour a product of nature or nurture?
Can I report someone on Quora for claiming their answer will be "funny" when it turns out not to be funny at all?
What is the dumbest thing that you have heard a teacher say?
Is it correct to say "People will need to understand and join in on British humour"?
How can you report prank calls?
What does it mean when you think car crash videos are funny?
How do I control my laughing while a meeting is going on?
What are some funny things in the southwest?
What was the most funny thing happened in your life?
What are some funny and logical answers during an IT interview?
"This mission is a joke!" does it mean the mission is extremely easy or hard?
What are your thoughts on AIB’s Quora joke?
How did some gay porn become a meme?
Why did normies report Intergalactic Burnik?
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
Do you find virtual machines fun? If so, what makes them fun?
What are the funniest things that teachers have heard from their students?
What is the most memorable high school prank you were a part of?
Is laughing out loud while alone uncommon?
What constitutes a bad meme?
What are some of the funniest reactions to frustrating video game moments?
Can women find a male comedian funny if they are sexually repulsed by him?
What is the smartest quote you've ever came across?
Who has the funniest memes?
How can I be witty and sarcastic?
What is your best Nazi joke?
Which are the funny Hindi sitcoms?
What are all the puns that could be made as names for Vietnamese restaurants?
Which one movie scene made you not just happy, but made you laugh?
What are some grammar jokes?
Have you ever tried to be humorous in extremely dreadful situations? What were the consequences?
What is the sneakiest thing you've ever done?
How can I make an audience laugh when hosting?
What is the origin of the 'REEEEEEEEEEEEE' meme?
Do you have any puns you want to share with us?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard at family gatherings?
What's the funniest bad joke you know?
How do I start my speech in a new class in a funny way?
How do girls feel about people cracking friendzone jokes about them?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
Is fake laughing still good for you?
What are the funniest or most sarcastic answers teachers have ever received?
Is it weird that I find atheists funny?
How do I stop trying to be funny and trying to fit in as a teen?
What was the most legendary one-liner in movie history?
What are some good things happen to you during drinking at Bar?
What made you laugh, which really shouldn't have?
What type of joke do you hate most?
How do I stop being cringy/trying to be funny?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
Which one movie scene made you laugh out loud?
What are the funniest mistake ever?
What are some weirdest Chinese food you have ever seen?
What are the best instances of humor in uniform?
What funny things have happened to you because you didn't wear your spectacles?
How do I prepare for boards with only 10 months left?
Which is the best prank you did in college?
Why do we sometimes find breaking taboos funny and sometimes deplorable?
Why are Americans so hilarious?
What are some of the funny and not so funny adventures you've had with your grandparents or grandchildren?
What is the wittiest/funniest comeback you have ever come up with?
What should I do if Imperial Stormtroopers show up at my door exhausted and demand to crash overnight?
How do the 'Bob's Burgers' writers come up with so many puns?
What are the most consistently interesting or funny 'weird Twitter' accounts?
Is it possible to do Internet memes or jokes about genetics, science, studying, taking exams, college life, etc.?
Why are memes created about Dora and Bheem?
Will I fall for my ex? She is funny, sexy, smart, and we are very much compatible. I had fallen out of love.
What is the funniest thing you have seen at a party?
What is the meaning of the meme “first I bang the drum, then I bang your mum”?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen your kid do?
How do men feel when their partners have a better sense of humor than they do?
What was the most hilarious reaction you received when you offered someone God’s message?
How are stand up comedy acts done?
What was the most misheard conversation you ever had?
Are there really people with no sense of humour?
What is humour according to you?
What was the first meme and what does it mean?
What are some of the funniest excuses that teachers have heard from students?
How can I get 1,000 subscribers to my comedy channel if I don't want to do non-vegetarian jokes?
What people you came across while traveling impressed you most? Why?
If I write a joke answer to a joke question then am I violating any Quora policy?
What was the most happiest moment that you have ever came across?
Why do people only think of me as a stupid joke?
Why are memes so common on the internet?
What is the wackiest YouTube video you have ever seen?
Is laughing because you think something is funny an emotion?
What is your favorite B.A.P meme?
What is the best nickname you have come across online?
What are some wise/funny things said by Joey Tribbiani on the American TV series “Friends”?
Why maximum jokes are on wife only. She is most important but still jokes, why?
Is Sharknado funny?
What's the most shocking thing you've heard your own child say?
What is the relationship between black humour and intelligence?
Why are memes so popular?
How low should my I.Q. be to laugh at Kapil Sharma’s jokes?
If Donald Trump had installed a bright red launch button behind his desk in the Oval Office, would it be a sick joke?
What is the best incident you would like to narrate that can make everyone laugh?
Which crossed the road first, the chicken or the egg?
What are some sad one liners?
What is a hilariously random fact?
Is the idea of an Alternate Left a joke?
Who is the funiest man of India?
What is the most influential punch line you have ever heard? (Something which boosted up your spirits.)
What is one Yo Momma Joke that would shut your friends up?
How do I apply for a comedy writing job?
What are the funniest trekking/ camping stories you have?
Why do liberals often make fun of conservatives but get triggered when people make fun of them?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
What is the funniest thing you have ever found in someone's search history?
What is the most fascinating story you have ever heard?
What's the weirdest thing that's ever happened to you when gaming?
Why do I laugh at my own pain?
How do memes compare to the political cartoons of past eras?
What are some best YouTube video jokes you ever saw?
What's funny in haveli?
What is the most hysterical prank you or someone else has done?
What are the best sites about curiosities, scientific facts, strange/weird things and funny things on the internet?
As an actor, how do you make yourself laugh in a believable way?
What are some funny farewell titles?
What is the best/worst Bioscience you have ever heard?
Do Indians find Bollywood dancing funny?
What is the secret to making a really good pun?
Which is your favorite adult joke?
What were some comedy highlights of/ tributes for NZ/Australian comedy legend John Clarke, who died in April 2017?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
My teacher misunderstood my prank call as rape, what do I do?
Is it normal that I find "Baffin Island" as a funny name?
Is Natalie Muresan a meme?
What is the funniest Department of Motor Vehicles experience you have had?
Have you ever been made fun of because of your religion?
What are some good stand up comedy acts?
What is the best quip you've ever heard/made?
Why doesn't our solar system have a name? If you could give it a name, what would it be? Funny or serious answers are permitted.
What is the funniest phobia you have ever heard of?
How should one create good memes?
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What is the funniest thing you have done whilst doing your homework?
What is the funniest thing you have done in school?
I'm doing a YouTube comedic series on the bizarre, funny, and more on Quora. Do you have any suggestions on what topics I should cover?
What is something incredibly funny you've experienced or seen or heard about?
What is the most ridiculous birth story you have heard of or experienced?
What are the absolute best Twitter roasts you have ever seen?
What is the meaning of “nutty as a fruitcake”? Can I use it in a funny way?
What are the pros and cons of being a YouTuber who makes funny videos? Will it be possible for a lower middle class engineer girl?
Why do I start laughing for no reason?
What was a time you laughed so hard you peed on yourself?
What are your thoughts about the website 9gag?
Do you have any funny bilingual moment to share?
Do teachers hold their laughter when a student makes a funny joke or farts?
How do I create a meme? With what concept?
How can I be funnier?
What is your funniest story about when you ran away to escape an earthquake that was coming to hit your home?
What are some best witty palindromes?
What is your elevator story?
What is your favorite example of something that can only be understood by knowing memes?
Why do puns exist?
What was the funniest or weirdest thought that came into your mind while taking the JEE Advanced exam?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone do in a store?
How is the 100 day calculation April 29th instead of April 30th?
What is the meme of the month?
What is the single greatest anti joke of all time?
Can this word 'groovy' be used in commenting on some funny, hilarious meme?
What is the most hilariously bad thing you have read?
What are some techniques for creating a powerful meme?
What is a funny experience you had at the Doctor's office?
What are the funniest things you do without showing anyone?
How do I not come across as needy?
What is the funniest joke you've read or seen?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
What did your dog do that made you laugh today?
What was the most ambitious prank ever executed in history?
What are some good pranks to pull on your older brother?
What are some interesting and/or funny YouTube videos?
What is a curb in a road cross-section?
What are some puns for the word "rush"?
What are some lyric pranks I can use on my crush?
What should you know before creating memes?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you today?
While travelling, what has been your weirdest or funniest experience?
What's the most ridiculous 'job' a person has ever been paid for?
If you took your company's mission statement or job description, and replaced the company name with Borg, what would it look like?
If a plate of rice and a pizza are both dropped from the same height, at the same time, which will reach the ground first?
Which are the funniest x photos you have ever seen?
What is your favorite inside joke? No explanation needed.
What are some classic jokes in Quora?
Why is ‘self-made’ considered the dumbest answer in the universe?
Does anybody have a good pun?
What are some inside jokes or sayings you've developed with your family?
What are the funniest breakups ever?
What is the biggest and the funniest/most interesting plot twist that you have heard or encountered?
What is the most savage roast you have ever said or encountered?
What is the funniest WhatsApp forward you have recieved?
Can you tell a surprise failure story?
Is God the stupidest thing man ever created?
What is the dumbest thing you heard a liberal say?
What is the weirdest thing you heard someone say to themselves, without being aware that someone can hear?
What are some things only Kenyans do?
When something sensible is being joked or mocked about, should I laugh or be upset?
Why is it that I find jokes about autism funny, when I myself have autism?
Can being funny and making your doctor laugh be a problem for psychotherapy?
What are some examples of funny toasts?
How can I create funny toasts for a wedding?
What is the best “the bass dropped harder than…” joke you have ever come across?
How do I become good at dank memes?
What are some good comebacks to always have on hand?
What would be the strategy made when your batch just want to forcefully make you laugh while giving presentation for the sole purpose of gaining fun?
What's the funniest conversation you've had with a telemarketer?
What are some really funny advertisement wars?
What are some of the worst/funniest/most ridiculous edit suggestions you've gotten?
Can you write an answer that can make me laugh out loud?
What if a guy that used to be funny and talkative around you turns quiet around you?
What is the funniest thing you can possibly write today on Quora?
Does it indeed hurt the ego and feelings of the rare talented young men in underdeveloped countries when some lunatic makes nonsense jokes about them?
A Dothraki and a Wildling walk into a bar. How does the rest of the joke go?
What is a funny joke, about anything?
What is the stupidest/weirdest/most distinctive name for a town you've heard of?
What are the funniest answers you have gotten/given to serious questions in programming interviews?
What are the funniest moments when a Pakistani cricketer tried to speak English?
What is your favourite Game of Thrones meme, joke or witty one-liner?
What was the best (funniest, weirdest, biggest, etc.) software bug of the past year?
What is something funny to do in a talent show?
Which is the most hilarious website on the Internet?
Why do people think Amy Schumer is funny?
Can you bombard me with terrible puns?
How do I write a funny paper?
What are some Dat Boi memes?
Why is doing something unusual and extraordinary a joke in India?
What is the funniest (or weirdest) thing that has happened to you while travelling on a Mumbai local train?
What is your go to fun fact?
How do I practice playing with words to improve my sense of humor?
Is it ok to be a little casual in interviews and show some sense of humour?
How do you react when people don't get your sarcasm?
Is humour essential to attracting women?
What's the best books about what humans find funny?
What are the best WhatsApp groups for sharing jokes?
What made you laugh hard on Late Night with David Letterman?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
What do you think that the evolutionary function of laughter and our sense of humour is?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
Could you imagine and write down the discussion between any two famous characters/persons (your choice)?
What are some humor and joke related AI projects (AI that writes jokes)?
How many April Fool’s pranks has Google pulled off to date?
What exactly happened at Sri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur?
Why don’t wives give a damn about their husbands’ sense of humor?
Who is the greatest comedian of all time? Is it Kevin Hart?
Can you give an example of subtle humor?
Is humour considered appropriate in a business setting?
What is the dumbest rumor you've heard about yourself?
What is the most daring prank you have ever played on anyone?
What are the funniest things you have ever found in Google Street view?
What is the best and innovative thing that you have came across in a newspaper?
What is the translation of this French text? Is it funny for French speakers?
Who was your most funny girl friend?
What are some examples of thinking jokes and riddles?
What is the best funny picture/image you have ever seen?
Who was the most amusing ,Winston Churchill or Zsa Zsa Gabor, for quotes and witty one liners?
What are some of the most ridiculous school rules in India you have come across?
What is the most destructive sentence that you ever heard or read?
What is the funniest credential you've seen on Quora?
How do you know if you have an inappropriate sense of humor?
What's funny, even though you don't want to do it or try to avoid it?
What is your funniest school story?
What is the funniest question asked by a student?
What is the most funniest but legitimate reason someone called 911?
Who is the most humorous person in India?
What is the most funny thing that you have read on Quora?
You are given a million dollars through Alien Space Bats but because of that you become a small child. What do you do and how does your family react?
What are the most ridiculous moral panic moments recently?
What are some funny experiences involving Oxford?
What is the most hilarious painting?
Why is it fate if a woman laughs?
What are some of the funniest moments on "The Office"?
What do you joke about?
What is funny thing that developer hear from designer?
How can I best find smart, funny, well-rounded friends on Quora?
What is the funniest cartoon logic you have ever seen?
What is the easiest way to develop your sense of humor?
What are some of Ghalib's wittiest lines?
Which are the wittiest writers you know?
What is the most genius example of trolling you have ever seen?
Whats the weirdest word you've ever had to teach a foreign exchange atudent?
Why does my funny bone tingle?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
Why does my man laugh at uncomfortable times?
What are some funny humour?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or someone you know in a middle school Spanish class?
What are the most hilarious memes you come across in social media?
Is there a successor to Don Rickles or did his brand of insult humor die with him?
What are the wittiest replies to "I add the fun in dysfunctional"?
What are the funniest image memes you have seen about President Trump?
What are some of the funniest means of transportation seen in a drive-thru?
What are some ironic place names you have seen or heard of?
How do you make a kid laugh?
How do I become funny like Kenny Sebastian?
How can I convince my mind to handle bad things in a funny way?
Do people with Asperger's usually have a "safe" sense of humor or do they usually have a "darker" sense of humor?
What is the funniest/most unreasonable request you've had from a client?
What are the most ridiculous things about religion?
Is Bil Stachour still on Quora. I miss his insightful and humorous answers.
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What amazing things can I do funny at home?
What are the most funny essay titles?
Have you been asked something from a phone solicitor that made you think twice about their question?
Could you suggest me some trending/funny/most used dialogue, one liner or even a word in Mangalore Kannada?
Can a person hide their controlling tendencies through making it a joke or state that they are looking out for you?
What is the most silliest competition you have come across?
Funny guys seem to get loads of girls and get laid easily. How can I learn to be funny like them?
What are some funny/comedy Kannada old songs?
Why is Patton Oswalt such an unfunny hack?
What was the most funny/interesting/crazy thing you've done when bored?
What is the exact word in English that can be used to describe a scene that makes me laugh in comedy?
Which is the funniest ever Jargon/Leitmotif you have heard?
How do I deal with witty people?
What are the best (funny, touching, etc.) incidents in the Delhi Metro?
Are there any legendarily funny Quora posts or answers?
Why it is so funny to call someone "chutia" (Hindi word)?
Are the jokes on stereotypical Indian moms examples of casual sexism?
What are some of the memorable or humorous anecdotes provided by Kavingar Vaali during his speeches or interviews?
Why are circles so funny?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How do you improve sense of humor?
What are the funniest internet reviews you've ever found about Haribo sugar-free gummy bears?
What is the funny part of our life?
What was the craziest, funniest cat call you ever received?
What are some awkward or funny incidents you faced with Indian police?
Which is the best short, funny story that isn’t more than 200 words?
What are some funny, clean, blonde jokes?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
Why are feminists so humorless and oversensitive?
What has been your funniest experience/encounter in a lift?
How true is AIB's meme of Quora (apart from being funny)?
What are some innocent/witty answers given by children?
What is the funniest thing you have misunderstood?
How do you make failing funny?
Who are the most overrated standup comedians of all time?
Do Americans find British humour funny?
What is a funny thing that designers hear from developers?
What are your opinions on Norwegian King's Guard appointing a penguin as its Colonel-in-Chief?
Who is the most humble famous athlete you have ever come across?
What are some good jokes to tell when hosting a talent show?
Are there a lot of funny people in Berlin?
What is a clever, funny thing I can say for my thirty words?
What are some fun facts I don't know?
Why are jokes immune to plagiarism? We don't cite the source of a joke, and the creators don't get credit. Yet, it was authored just like prose.
How do you stop struggling to find things funny?
What is the best prank device that helped create most of your pranks?
What was the nastiest prank that was ever done on you?
What songs would you use to prank your crush?
What are some jokes about psychoanalysis?
What are some of the best (worst) jokes and riddles?
What is the best joke or cartoon that can actually make people laugh out loud?
What is the funniest work place joke you've ever heard or read?
What is the dumbest thing a customer has said to you?
What are some slang terms for making someone laugh by making fun of them?
What are some good eggnog puns?
What did ancient doctors do and believe that we find very funny today?
What is the latest success story?
What are some funny names for a girl’s/guy’s private parts?
What is the worst reason for a breakup you have ever heard?
What is the funniest persuasive speech a teacher has witnessed?
What are some funny incidents that happened in Indian weddings?
Do you have a bad habit of laughing at serious moments and you try hard not to but you end up laughing more?
What's the worst prank you've played on your family?
What is the most innovative idea that you have ever heard about?
What is the favorite poetry piece of Trump?
How does a sense of humor help a person have courage?
What are the best legal senior pranks?
Why do very old things become memes?
What things made you good at csgo?
What are the funniest jokes?
Why does my boyfriend laugh at inappropriate times?
Are any shows as funny as The Office?
When was the last time you burst into laughter?
What's the most funny communication?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
What was the most ridiculous thing that saved you in a dangerous situation?
What are the best counters to sarcasm?
Is there a formula for humor?
Would anybody tell me a short funny story not more than 200 words?
What is the funniest question to ask a lady?
What’s the most humorous conversation you've had or heard?
What are the funniest road sign in your country?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you while traveling in a Mumbai Metro?
What are thinking jokes and riddles used for?
It's a proven fact that crows communicate and have a language, but what are the chances that they have jokes or humor and possibly laugh like humans do?
What is the best thing you came across today?
What are some funny and weird toddler videos?
Whenever we get on the internet, why do we always get those people who joke around about comitting suicide?
What is some of the darkest humor around?
What kind of funny clients do you find in brothels?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
What's the funniest thing someone has said whilst under the influence of anaesthetic or morphine?
Can you share some funny NDA lingoes?
What makes you laugh or amuses you the most?
How can you attract women when you don't have a sense of humour?
How does a child develop the sense of humour common to their country/area?
Can you tell why a child is laughing while they are being pulled on a Trunki?
If a group of necrophiliacs walked up on a mob of zombies, who would be chasing who?
What are some fun pranks to play on your limo driver?
What are some of the most hilarious atheist arguments?
Are one-liners from sitcoms, movies, and cartoons copyrighted?
What is that one motivational one-liner that keeps you going when monotony tests your tenacity?
When did you have the perfect joke for a situation but the wrong audience to understand it?
What are the most dead memes as of April 2017?
What is considered funnier, a British or an American sense of humour (humor)?
Why do we tend to laugh while lying in a joke way?
What is the funniest workplace joke you've heard or read?
Did you ever fall for Google's April Fools pranks?
What is the best joke you recall hearing?
What was the funny conversation happened in your college laboratories?
What is/was your lamest comeback?
What is your best celebrity joke?
What is the weirdest fact anyone has ever told you?
What is the weirdest laugh you ever heard?
I will ask you a humorous question. How do you think Voldemort lost his nose?
What happened to Pat Cassels from CollegeHumor?
What are some unknown puns you know?
As a doctor or psycaitrist, what are the strangest or funniest stories that patients have told you?
Do the people in Chelm mind the jokes about them?
What are funny speeches given by Digvijay Singh?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
What is the video where loads of sheep walk through a town with random goats in between them, and then a donkey comes?
What are some funny things to whisper?
Can you make me chuckle in exactly 5 words?
If a tree falls and lands on your head in the forest but you did not hear it land on your head, does that mean you will never make another sound?
How can I create hard and funny riddles?
What's your most hilarious IT support experience?
What's the rarest coin you have ever come across in circulation?
Was William Shakespeare the first person to use “your momma is so fat” joke insults about people's mothers?
Why do we find things funny?
Why are you laughing?
What is the funniest joke you've heard to date?
How can I make my sense of humor like a cup of tea?
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
Are women less funny than men?
What are the best sarcastic replies ever given by a cricketer to media?
Why do people not laugh at your jokes at times?
What’s a career in comedy like?
What would happen, if for one day all normal ads were replaced by pornographic ads?
How do I formulate a joke quickly and hilariously?
What is the most funny incident you came across?
Do girls feel sexual desire when one of their "just friends" share some funny double meaning jokes?
What is your funniest rejection story?
What is the most ridiculous, funny, weird, or horrible travel experience you have ever had?
What is the funniest fortune cookie you have ever opened?
What is the best funny video you know?
When and how did stand up comedy get mainstream attention in India?
What is the most epic senior prank you have ever been a part of?
At any time, did you ever feel that you are so unlucky but somehow managed the situation cleverly?
Why do people laugh at my ideas?
Why do people laugh when they see people with some defect? People laugh at me because I have severe acne scars.
What are the funniest reimbursement claims you have ever rejected?
What is it like to be the funny person in a group?
Am I too old to start stand-up comedy? I'm 37 years old, should I bother?
What are the most popular topics in stand-up comedy?
What are some of the best witty comments?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
Is there a term in your language for an "inside joke", and if so, what is it?
What is your funniest moment of being tired in the morning?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've bought online?
Has anyone ever lost their sense of humour? How do you get it back?
Why do people think Samantha Bee is funny?
How and where did the concept of memes originate?
What are some funny things I can say to subtly confuse people?
What are the best one-liners about countries?
Which is the funniest intelligent humor?
What happened to the weird outcast at your school who everyone made fun of?
Which memes are the best/your favorite?
Why is it so important that your girl laughs at your jokes?
Is it bad that I laugh at Nazi and 9/11 jokes?
If you could make people hear noises that weren't really there, what pranks would you pull for your own amusement?
Why isn't anything actually funny?
What are the best "computer guy" jokes you want to share?
What is the weirdest outfit that you have seen?
What are some good satire ideas?
What lyric prank shall I do on my sister?
Could God have a sense of humor?
Why is my grandmother telling me to stop being smart with my grandpa when in reality I was telling a joke?
How do I start making inside jokes?
Which are the best teacher-student jokes?
Can a good sense of humor create a better working environment?
What is the funniest encounter you've had on guard duty?
What's the most offensive/dank meme you've ever seen?
Where can I sell my dark humor?
Several months ago you posted a great joke about religious intolerance. Will you repost it or give me a reference?
Do people in Texas find it funny/annoying when non-Texans say "yee-haw"?
Is there any room for a sense of humor in the military?
What are the funny topics for English speech?
What are the funniest movies where a nerd helps a jock, and vice versa?
What is a clever, but not necessarily funny, thing to say to a lady to get her to go to dinner with you?
What is the funniest way anyone has ever dealt with a stalker, troll, or scammer?
Have you ever come across someone who looks similar to you?
Have you ever turned a joke around on someone?
What is the weirdest thing someone​ has done while sleepwalking?
What is the most ridiculous punishment a teacher has ever given for something minor?
What are the differences among satire, sarcasm, irony and dark comedy?
What was the tallest top hat ever worn in the 1800s that was neither intended as a joke nor taken as a joke/attracted any undue attention?
How do you work around different senses of humor with a family member?
What is the most hilarious example of hypocrisy you have personally experienced?
Why is "We Are Number One" a meme?
Where are you in life? Amaze me with witty or interesting answers.
What are some stories that you think will make me laugh?
What are the funniest memes made in 2017?
What's a mandingan and what makes it funny?
How can one be a man with a good sense of humor?
Has anyone (beside myself) made jokes as they were preparing for surgery?
What are some funny history jokes?
What is the meaning of "Aao kabhi haveli pe"? Why is it funny?
How do you know when comedy has crossed the line? Is there a line?
How should one develop humour and also keep improving at it?
Should I pull a joke on my sister?
When I should use my Sense of Humour?
Do​ crocodiles laugh?
What is the weirdest or funniest thing to happen to you while travelling in Kolkata Metro?
What was it like to know someone who had no sense of humour?
What are the most funny jokes in your country?
What are some of the best aao kabhi haveli pe memes you have seen?
What is the funniest game that's worth the money?
Why is Toontown fun?
What is the best/funniest graph you've ever found/made?
Why are the Indian stand up comedians condemned for their content (even if it's good)? Why don’t Indian people take it as humor and why do they get offended?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever done while high?
What is the funniest traffic stop a cop has ever conducted?
What are the best crazy and funny things to do outdoors with a girl I love without spending any money?
What are the funniest things you have seen people do in a seminar?
What you feel about Life in BOM"BAE"?
Which is the best site you have ever come across?
What is the best joke you have ever had?
What are some good comebacks for tall jokes?
What are the best programmer jokes you want to share?
What is the best one liner for a Facebook status?
What are some funny old wives stories or conceptions local to your folklore?
Do you have a weird sense of humour that nobody understands but you?
What is the dumbest thing you ever asked?
Do you know some really good white jokes?
What are some funny cold war related pick up lines?
What are some of the best examples of a ‘not my job’ attitude (humour)?
What are some great sense of humour you came across?
If sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, what are the higher forms?
I can make people smile and laugh. Will you consider this adorable?
If Devdas and Chunnilal were in Bihar today, who would have lived or died because of the liquor ban?
What was the most stupid/hilarious/screw up moments that you experienced in a lab?
Which society cultivates humor, art and friendship?
How can you describe the purpose of the vitreous humor?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What are some English books based on humour?
Which is the funniest comedy sitcom today?
Who is the weirdest person you've ever seen?
What is your lamest joke?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your girlfriend?
Can any RJ (Radio Jockey) share some funny incidents that took place during your shows?
What should I do if some strangers laughs at me?
Why do some people dislike stand-up comedy?
What was the best prank played on you?
What is the funniest accidental thing you've had a teacher say?
What's your favorite joke involving not giving a fuck?
How do I make a song funny like the Funzoa Channel on YouTube?
Can you share one of your life experiences that can make us laugh?
Why don't people laugh at their friends' jokes to humor them even if they don't find them that funny?
What was the funniest moment of your life that made you laughed the hardest you have ever laughed?
What was your best or funniest Snapchat?
How do I come up with a good corny one liner?
How do people differ in enjoying humour?
What are some jokes related to standard operating procedures?
Where can I get biker keytags with witty sayings in Bangalore?
What are some of the funniest quotes like ‘Hell is empty, and the devil is here’?
What are some short jokes that make you laugh?
What was the funniest do or die situation that happened to you?
What are the most funniest photos you've seen ever?
How come you never hear of a combobulated, gruntled, ruly, or peccable person?
Where do you find funny things online? How do you search for and consume funny jokes, videos, and images?
Is it weird that a father thinks it’s funny that people think he's his daughter’s boyfriend?
Can you tell me about the hilarious but emotional incident that took place in your life?
What would happen if everything was shaped like corn on a cob?
Why do people find bike accidents funny?
Why do people think it's ok to make fun of Christianity but not Islam?
What are some humorous excuses when you are 40 minutes late in class?
What was the origin of narcissist jokes?
What would be a funny question in a TV show?
What is the funniest or worst recommendation letter you have ever seen?
What did people do for fun in the 1960?
Are we the only only animals with a sense of humour? Why?
What's the funniest question or answer on Quora?
Is there any humorous Scriptural wordplay?
What adult jokes did you encounter within a kids movie?
When we laugh out of embarrassment do we release energy?
What are examples of humorous monologues from plays?
What is the purpose of a corny one liner?
What are some very funny tweets?
Is there room for humor or irony in our answers?
Is Mr. Show with Bob and David - "The Story of Everest" episode - the funniest thing in the history of mankind? If not, what is?
What is the funniest joke you have ever seen or heard?
What's the most ridiculous thing you ever said while having sex?
What was the funnest line you unexpectedly heard from a stranger?
I don't care about racist jokes as long as there's no malicious intent behind them. Why can't everyone be like that?
Is "howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com" a "real" page? Or is it a joke?
What are some good website with humorous / comedy short stories?
What are the best M.I.T. engineering school pranks?
Why do some people laugh a lot over some stupid silly joke?
Why is my childhood turning into memes?
Any Indian advertisement that made you laugh?
Why don't I find anything truly funny?
What are the most seductive pics you have seen?
What are some jokes you know?
Who started “aao kabhi haveli pe” memes?
Have you ever asked a question to a shop assistant and been misheard leading to a funny situation?
What are the most unique names you have ever heard aside from mine?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done as a teenager?
What are your funniest texting fails?
What do gay people think about "HAH! GAYYY!"?
What are the funniest moment you faced in live-in relationship?
What are the funniest messages you've received as a delivery man or woman?
What are the guidelines which enable consistency in wit? What rules should one follow to always have a witty retorsion to sarcasm?
Why do I laugh when I'm in physical pain?
What are some of the funniest Snapchat reviews you've seen because of its CEO’s “poor India” comment?
What are the topics for stand up comedy?
What is the lamest thing you ever heard from someone who has a higher position than you?
What are some of the most hilariously ironic photos you've ever seen?
What is the most ironic statement or incident which you have heard or witnessed?
Can you produce a fake smile and still appear funny?
Can you share some of the weirdest things you have done in a plane?
Where are the funny WhatsApp videos?
How do I be more naturally funny?
You can take two country's names and combine them, which combination do you find the funniest?
Is Hanie funny?
I believe that using "ao kabhi haveli pe" jokes are offensive towards women due to the nature of the reference. What are your thoughts? I want to share the answers on Facebook.
What are some funny embarrassing secrets?
Are memes legal?
What is the best one liner motivational status for Facebook?
What are some serious witty one liners?
Is it annoying to laugh alot?
What is the funniest picture or meme on your cellphone?
What's the most unique pun you ever came across?
What is the best Roman history meme that you can remember/create?
What is your funniest jet lag story?
Can you tell me a time that you actually died?
Would an ape trained in sign language understand basic humor?
Is the Women's Charter a Singaporean joke?
Can robots be trained to laugh?
Why are inappropriate jokes so common in the western media?
In psychology, why do others make fun of passionate people?
What are the best indicators that you're in the Bible Belt?
What are the best chemistry one liners?
Can you be sarcastic?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
Is prank calling illegal in Canada?
What was the funniest reaction of a commander to a message from the enemy?
What are some of the most funny facts about Bengalis?
Is there a word for the circumstance when you force yourself to laugh even though your freind's joke is not funny at all?
What would you think, if I answered your/any question with an offensive joke?
Why do ASMR videos make me laugh?
How does RCVJ collect photos (not related to movie or any TV program) on Facebook in order to make jokes about them?
I don't want my question merged. What is your favorite joke?
What is the weirdest reason you have gotten in trouble at school?
What are the ways to get English jokes in WhatsApp?
What is the stupidest way you have ever been introduced?
Do you think people saying "triggered" as a joke is funny?
Why does the same joke evoke different responses from different people? Some laugh out loud and others just smile.
Can you come up with a joke on the latest trend (kids, men, and legends)?
What was the most insulting joke Don Rickles made, and to whom?
Who is the funniest politician of India?
What are some stupid jokes?
What is the funniest thing you've said to someone trying to convert you?
How did the John Cena memes get started?
Why would a girl make a stupid joke after looking at my bare chest?
What are the funny trends in tribes?
How can I improve puns?
How can I be in an instant laugh mood with everybody?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
What are good lyrics prank for you to prank your friends while you are just 13 years old?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
My girlfriend embarrassed me in front of her friends. What should I do?
How can I make jokes in English and add humor in the conversation with foreign friends? Sometimes, I just don't know how to make friends with foreigners.
Which funny business made money?
What are some funny pranks?
What is the funniest and most underrated movie ever?
Why can't Indians take jokes?
If you could make one corporate April fools joke announcement real, which one would it be?
What are some best one-liners of Ross Geller?
What types of comedy does Aspies use?
Why do some people use “lol” as their immediate expression for any joke?
When did you laugh out last time?
What's the differerence between insanity and a bad sense of humor?
What is the funniest Passover video you have seen or made for 2017?
How do you access your sense of humor when your mind feels full of fog and tears?
What's the craziest prank you can think of to pull on a teacher?
What is the wierdest thing that happened to you?
What are some of the best comeback lines you have ever said?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in school?
What kind of mainstream humor do you find loathsome?
What is the best joke you have seen or heard in your whole life?
What are your 'best' science jokes?
What's the dumbest comment you've ever heard on a national sports broadcast?
How can I have more flowing conversations, joke around, etc.?
What type of jokes do women prefer?
Is intelligence related to scoring good grades or the ability to make people laugh?
Does someone know a good sports meme site?
Is living in a country where the President has made fun of a disabled person as hilarious as it sounds?
What can be an alternative but funny ending for "Main aur meri tanhai aksar ye baatein karte hain ki" dialogue?
How do I have fun?
Can you make me laugh in 30 seconds?
What are the silliest dangerous things youve done?
What's your funniest Verbal Judo Story?
When did Hitler become a meme?
What weird/funny thing have you heard from Indian spiritual leaders, Babas or monks?
What is the most intellegent liner?
What is the best "one-liner' you've ever delivered?
What is your funniest boner story?
Can I get arrested for one prank call, no threats just plain fun from the ownage pranks app?
What are some best one liners one can come up with when someone taunts that"you are really short"?
What have your most humorous encounters with Siri been like?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
What are some instances in which you did something that made you laugh at yourself?
What's the funniest thing a woman did or said that turned you on to her?
What are some crazy funny airplanes?
What is the funniest or most sad example of a faulty assumption someone you have encountered has made?
What are your funniest memories of the late Don Rickles?
What was your best (worst) face-to-palm moment in Quora, ever?
What is the funniest meme you've ever seen?
What's the best example of false modesty you have ever heard?
Why are sacrilegious jokes so controversial?
Can you describe the funniest or the stupidest thing you have done, in a single line?
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
What would be the best way for someone to prank you?
What is the best anecdote you have ever heard or read?
What are the ugly/hilarious moments you've had or seen in your workplace?
Why are there so many jokes about South Delhi & the people living there?
What kind of jokes are there between 葡萄 and 葡萄牙?
What are the best and funniest planes?
What​ is the most embarrassing yet funny moments that only happens in India?
Does insecurity affect your humor?
What is a funny incident in your life that happened when no one was around?
What are some cute and funny short stories?
What are the best formal and funny insults?
How can you tell sarcasm or statements on Quora as a joke?
What is a witty response that can be used against nearly any insult?
What are one liner motivation quotes with "I" in them?
What are some funny and terrible things Indians do on Quora to gain followers?
What type of sense of humor do doctors have?
What is the funniest reply to this question, “Why would you kill yourself for another person”?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
Who is the loveliest woman you have ever heard of?
Can insults make a person laugh?
What are the best jokes you have ever come across?
What is the funniest and most common incident in every child's life, whether with his/her family or at school?
What jokes are so dumb, they’re actually funny?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
What are some of the funniest hypocritical moments you can think of?
What was Sirius's "joke"?
Why are Indian YouTubers just selling sex in the name of pranks?
How​ do I develop sense of humour which can work for boys as well as girls?
Have you ever pranked someone with wasabi?
Who are some funny writers on YourQuote?
How can I develop a witty sense of humour?
What is a joke that you tell all the time?
Can you tell me a real life story that will make me laugh?
Why do people make fun of engineers?
What is, in your opinion, the worst meme of all time?
What are some funny websites that are good to visit?
What is a "funny turn" in British English?
Why do normies ruin the good memes?
What is the best/funniest Kahoot nickname you've ever seen or had?
What are some examples of funny malapropisms?
Who are people I should follow if I want to laugh (with profanity)?
What are some good junior/senior was pranks to do to a house?
What are the natal chart aspects that indicates a person has a good sense of humor?
What are some hilarious Putin and Trump memes?
What is the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
What are one liners called?
What is the funniest insult you have heard/overheard in your school/workplace?
Do you think comedians should be allowed to make jokes on sensitive issues?
What was the funniest reaction to a message from the enemy by a general?
What are the funniest things that happened to you in combat?
What are some extremely funny videos?
What is the funniest food name you have heard?
Why is there no question paper called “joke”?
Would it be useful if you could watch tomorrow's broadcast of all channels on TV if you lock yourself in a room today and tomorrow also?
Do police officers find it disrespectful when people joke about donuts?
Why do people cross the road when they see me?
How do I respond when someone makes a joke like 'You owe me' and asks me to buy them coffee?
Is it alright for a person to try stand up comedy even if he's not able to make people around him laugh?
What is the funniest thing that you have read on Quora?
What is your favourite celebrity nickname?
Can you post the first and fifth pictures in your mobile and tell the made up connection between them?
What is the strangest piece of logic you have ever encountered?
Is there a correlation between humour and traumatic events one has been through?
Why did people develop laughing and having a sense of humor during the evolution process? What are the benefits of having it?
What were the Middle Ages like for people who had Tim and Eric's sense of humor?
Can I find a stand-up comedy club in Bangalore?
What are the funniest questions you have seen and answered on Quora?
What are the best pics you have come across?
Can you share a funny experience that happened while traveling?
Is there any difference between anti-sentimental comedy and farce?
Why do people pity for a person who meets with an accident but laugh out loud if they slip off?
Is it a good idea to start a stand-up comedy club in Chandigarh?
Imagine you were the Airbender. Which element would you use to defeat your enemies?
Is having the same sense of humour as the person you are dating crucial to the success of the relationship?
Why do we find some jokes funny while other jokes irritating?
As a Royal Guard, what made you laughed?
What is a good best friend lyric prank?
How do I know if someone understood my joke?
How is stand up comedy as a profession?
What was your funniest moment on Quora?
Would the tattoo in the photo make people laugh but also disgust them?
What are some simple well known phrases you find funny for no reason?
What is the farthest you've ever gone for the sake of a joke?
What are the strangest and funniest misconceptions about India?
What're your best puns?
What are sacrilegious jokes?
What are some funny dirty jokes you can tell at an office party?
In Friends S07E07, what did Phoebe mean when she said “No, just a regular old flying dwarf”?
What are some great and funny books, like "What If?" and "Surely You Must Be Joking Mr. Feynman"?
How would you connect humour and super-geniuses like Grand Master Meyerhof in Jokester written by Isaac Asimov?
Apart from peeing properly, what would be your main problem if gravity suddenly didn’t exist for a day?
What does the continent of Internet look like?
What is the funniest thing that happened at a relative’s wedding?
What is the funniest thing to happen to transgender people related to their gender presentation?
What are examples of jokes and riddles for adults?
What is the worst April Fools’ joke you ever played on someone?
Why is it funny to hear the words, “I love you”?
Why are Laffy Taffy jokes so bad?
Is sarcasm the best form of comedy?
What is your impression from this old Soviet comedy, do you have any similar comedy in your country?
Whats the dumbest thing you have done for a guy?
Can you give me some funny or sarcastic answers?
What are some short movies clips that can be dubbed in a funny way?
What are the cute one liners?
What did Matthew Perry mean by his peach-head joke?
What's the cutest funny thing your spouse keeps doing?
Does Mitch McConnell have a sense of humor about his comparison photos to turtles?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to your family?
What's the strangest or funniest story that's ever happened to you?
What’s your favorite joke that others don’t find funny?
What is the funniest and most offensive joke you have ever heard?
We just passed Tomb-Sweeping Day. Do you have something funny?
Is math funny?
What is the most offensive joke you admit to laughing at?
Is there any funny incident which made you cry even though it wasn't serious at all?
What is a funny episode happened with you?
What egregious historical myths or errors did you once believe in?
What is a YouTube channel that shows tech news with humor?
Do you think dihydrogen monoxide should be banned?
What are some funny facts about Hyderabad?
Which April Fools’ pranks have negatively affected businesses?
What is my son talking about when he says "dank memes"? Is this some new drug?
Are puns an example of British humor or American humor?
Can you share a funny thing that happened in class?
What is your favorite (funniest, most satisfying) April Fools' joke?
What can be done to stop people make jokes on a particular community?
What are the best puns/word-plays?
What is the most ridiculous thing a person has done to get more likes on Instagram?
What's the best April Fool's prank you know of?
What are some crazy, funny, or awkward stories about counselling?
What are some good resources on understanding the mechanics of humor/comedy?
What is the best April fool prank?
Which is Al Franken's funniest book?
What are some good and funny documentary ideas?
Have any textbook(s) lines made you laugh/smile?
What if the president pretended to nuke a country as an April fool's prank?
What are some ways to prime yourself to enjoy watching stand up comedy on TV?
Why do people think IIMians are not fun?
Are incest jokes pointless since we're all related?
Were there any great April Fools’ Day pranks from European companies? The pranks that were in the media were mostly from the typical big companies (KFC, Emirates, etc.).
What is the most funniest video you watched?
What is a great last minute April fool's prank for flatmates?
Who is the best motivating person you have ever come across in quora?
Are clowns awesome or scary? Why?
What is the funniest act you have ever witnessed?
What is the origin of April Fools’ Day?
What is the funniest thing you have ever read on Quora? It could be a question, an answer or comment.
Which are the best April Fools Day prank, share them
What are the greatest April fool incidents?
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said/done?
How do I play a prank on a friend using an iPhone?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
Why can't you prank people past noon on April Fool's Day?
Which standup comedy show on Netflix is easy to understand and relate to?
Have you ever actually laughed at a knock-knock joke? If so, what was it?
Why are some people not scared at all even if society makes fun of them?
How is sarcasm supposed to work?
Can one be serious about a total bullshit joke (not a polemical question)?
What are some clever/witty physics quotes to put on a tie?
What is the best Chandler Bing one-liner that I could use every day?
What is the best joke you have ever heard or made in your life?
What signs do you give when you’re being sarcastic?
How do I start doing stand-up comedy? I need some pointers.
What are some of the most ridiculous comments you've had on your answers?
Can you share some of April Fools’ Day 2017 pranks done by big companies?
Is a funny interpretation of high arts a Philistinism?
What are some funny ways to mess with people?
How and when was the first joke written?
Which one-liners shook your heart to the core?
When you're replacing "funny", do you say comical or comedic?
How do I laugh in tension?
Should major companies play April Fools’ jokes?
What made you smile today?
What are photos that prove that having kids can be seriously fun?
Why is insult banned in Germany, when the great stories of Faust and Munchausen are based directly on insulting burlesques?
What's the dumbest question you've ever heard?
How do I enhance my sense of humour?
Can I have depression if I make jokes and laugh a lot?
What is the funniest medical emergency you've ever heard of?
How do I get over Asian jokes?
What April Fools’ prank can I complete today?
What was the funniest unintentional 'accident' you've ever seen during a play?
Who are the funniest teenage Quorans?
Does having a good sense of humor increase a person's chances of getting a girl?
What April Fool prank ended up costly?
What's the weirdest act you've ever done?
Is this a good April Fools’ prank: https://youtu.be/_iIGMhjNGCc?
...
What made you laugh the hardest in your entire life?
Which type of jokes are called as pakau jokes?
How would you classify sarcasm? Is it a positive or negative skill, and is it a personality plus or minus?
Is it ok if my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What is your family joke?
Why are most English jokes based on nerdy scientific facts?
How can I stop my voice from becoming distorted when I'm trying to say something funny?
Photos which prove that having kids can be seriously fun ?
Do you have a funny, horrific, or any kind of life incident?
Is love just a funny joke/game to narcissists?
How does a humour-lover download humour for free?
What makes for the funniest PowerPoint you've seen and why was it so humorous?
What are the best April Fools’ jokes to play on your kids? What ages would "get it"?
What are the best jokes? (It can be about anything)
When in life can you say, "I am happy” or “I am the happiest person on this planet”?
What is your favorite science joke?
What's the best prank you have ever pulled or seen?
What was the funniest comic that you've ever read?
How do I develop good sense of humour?
Do a lot of people find stand up comedy having less effect on them as they age?
What are the qualities which make a good sense of humour?
What were some unexpected and hilarious moments during wars?
Are movies with Simon Pegg, e.g. the Cornetto trilogy, good examples of modern British humor?
Is it bad my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
Have psychopaths ever been in a prank video without knowing it? If yes, how did they react?
How should I keep a serious face at serious moment?
What is the best joke you have ever heard, or faced, in your life?
What's a good April Fool’s prank that my wife will enjoy?
Why is it so hard to explain when something is funny?
Why does life feel like a joke?
What are the funniest Black jokes that you have come across?
What are funny questions about you that your best friend should know?
Of all the brilliant jokes in the Discworld series, which is your favourite?
What scenes from movies have a slapstick humour "stuck" scene in it?
What are punny jokes?
What were some April fools day jokes on Quora?
What are some good April Fool’s pranks to play on anyone?
How can a joke-lover download jokes for free?
What are the techniques used for Joke Writing?
When someone makes a joke and nobody laughs, is it because the joke is not funny or do we just have a less of a sense of humour?
How do I deal with a person with an extreme sense of humour?
What are some good books to read in the genre of humour?
What jokes have you heard about American politicians?
How do you feel when the whole class laughs for your joke?
What is the funniest thing that you have heard someone did sleep walking?
What's the funniest thing about women other than they think they're so special?
What's the funniest video on the Internet?
If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
What is meta humor?
How do I practice playing with words to improve my sense of humor?
What are some cool/funny/interesting things to ask Google Assistant?
What are the best WhatsApp groups for sharing jokes?
What’s the best joke you know?
How many April Fool’s pranks has Google pulled off to date?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
Who is the funniest politician of India?
What is the most daring prank you have ever played on anyone?
What are some of the best/funniest jokes in bad movies?
What are some things that have gotten INFPs in trouble unintentionally?
If the Voyager probes were sent back to us by aliens, what graffiti on the outside of the ship would be a funny message from them?
What is the most hilarious thing you saw on Quora?
What are some of the funniest leave applications that make you laugh out loud?
What is the funniest reply to 'No one else is the best like me'?
What was the funniest blind date you have been on?
How can I become ironic and tastefully funny?
What's the funniest photo you've seen on the internet?
What are some funny ways to come out as a trans?
Is it bad that I laugh at Nazi and 9/11 jokes?
What is the most funny thing that you have read on Quora?
What kind of jokes are funny in China?
What constitutes a bad meme?
What are the most ridiculous moral panic moments recently?
What are the most funny political incident in Indian political history?
How do you access your sense of humor when your mind feels full of fog and tears?
What are some good resources on understanding the mechanics of humor/comedy?
Which are the funny Hindi sitcoms?
Why do Germanic people (without UK) have a blunt sense of humour usually?
What is the funniest encounter you've had on guard duty?
Is it good to be a funny person?
What is the dippest conversation you have ever heard?
What is the sneakiest thing you've ever done?
Which is your all time favourite joke?
What are some of Ghalib's wittiest lines?
How do girls feel about people cracking friendzone jokes about them?
Do you like dank memes?
Is it bad that I find it amusing to laugh and point at primates in cages?
What are the funniest movies where a nerd helps a jock, and vice versa?
What is the most funniest video you watched?
What are some comedy duet scenes?
How do I stop trying to be funny and trying to fit in as a teen?
What are some of the most creepiest/funniest questions asked on Quora regarding exams?
How do you make a kid laugh?
What are the silliest dangerous things youve done?
Is there such thing as a Trump supporter who is funny?
Do people with Asperger's usually have a "safe" sense of humor or do they usually have a "darker" sense of humor?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
How do you work around different senses of humor with a family member?
What are some funny history jokes?
What is the most common fraction that one comes across every day?
Have you ever actually laughed at a knock-knock joke? If so, what was it?
Is it legally possible to deny a statement made on the 1st April, claiming that it was merely an April fool’s joke?
What are some funny/comedy Kannada old songs?
What is the funniest or most sad example of a faulty assumption someone you have encountered has made?
Is "It's just a prank brah" a reasonable excuse for a really bad joke or inflicted pain?
Is it possible to do Internet memes or jokes about genetics, science, studying, taking exams, college life, etc.?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
What is the funny part of our life?
How many memes are there?
What are the funniest questions on Quora you have come across?
What are some of the inspirational or funny quotes I can use as a status on my WhatsApp?
What are some funny analogies?
What are some of the best examples of a ‘not my job’ attitude (humour)?
Is Sharknado funny?
What could be a good song to prank a guy?
What's the dumbest question you've ever heard?
Why do we laugh when we see someone fall? Is there any scientific investigation/reasoning for that?
How can you describe the purpose of the vitreous humor?
What do Usain Bolt, Ludwig van Beethoven and Madame Hooch have in common?
What are some good eggnog puns?
What are some sad one liners?
What are the best places in Karachi for playing pranks on people?
What are some of the funniest April Fool’s funny messages?
Do you have a bad habit of laughing at serious moments and you try hard not to but you end up laughing more?
What is the favorite poetry piece of Trump?
Why do some people dislike stand-up comedy?
Why do liberals often make fun of conservatives but get triggered when people make fun of them?
Why do very old things become memes?
Is this a good April Fools’ prank: https://youtu.be/_iIGMhjNGCc?
...
What was the best prank played on you?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
How do people differ in enjoying humour?
Who are people I should follow if I want to laugh (with profanity)?
What are the best "You see Ivan" jokes?
Why do we laugh contemptuously?
Can you tell me about the hilarious but emotional incident that took place in your life?
What is the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
Do you have a fail proof way of making someone laugh?
What do you think of fun?
Do you think comedians should be allowed to make jokes on sensitive issues?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
Why do I start laughing for no reason?
When in life can you say, "I am happy” or “I am the happiest person on this planet”?
What is the funniest ad you have seen?
How does a child develop the sense of humour common to their country/area?
Why do most teachers have no sense of humor?
What is the funniest life tip you ever received?
Can any one tell me some funny but harmless pranks for April Fools' Day at school?
What are some fun pranks to play on your limo driver?
Are one-liners from sitcoms, movies, and cartoons copyrighted?
What is a bald, cheesy walrus?
Can you guess how many times you made a sex joke in a week?
Any Indian advertisement that made you laugh?
Does a narcissist have a natural sense of humor?
What is the funniest workplace joke you've heard or read?
Did you ever fall for Google's April Fools pranks?
Why do we find some jokes funny while other jokes irritating?
Have you ever been a victim of just for laughs?
What are the best 6th year pranks?
What is the best way to come up with comebacks?
Why do I laugh when I'm in physical pain?
What are the techniques used for Joke Writing?
What are some good books to read in the genre of humour?
What is your favorite sex joke?
What are examples of weird and funny phrases?
What are the best sarcastic replies ever given by a cricketer to media?
If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Is the Women's Charter a Singaporean joke?
What was the funniest comeback line you have ever said?
What is the corniest saying you have ever heard?
Can you bombard me with terrible puns?
What is the most ridiculous, funny, weird, or horrible travel experience you have ever had?
Who is who in the Joker's joke in the end of "The Killing Joke"?
What are some of the most amazing one liner motivational quotes?
What would you think, if I answered your/any question with an offensive joke?
What are the top Santa Banta jokes in India?
Is this link funny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
What is your most embarrassing or awkward moment when you said something and immediately realized you shouldn't have said what you just said?
Why don’t wives give a damn about their husbands’ sense of humor?
What are some of the most clever jokes in Rick and Morty?
Who can draw a pic for this pun, “icy you”?
Who is the greatest comedian of all time? Is it Kevin Hart?
Can you give an example of subtle humor?
What are some things that used to make you angry but now make you laugh?
Why do I laugh at people?
Whats the funniest thing you ever seen your mom do?
What kinds of things really make you laugh? Why?
Would a show about a dragon who farts fire be funny and super popular?
If you could make one corporate April fools joke announcement real, which one would it be?
What are some funny things in the southwest?
What is a YouTube channel that shows tech news with humor?
Do you think dihydrogen monoxide should be banned?
Why do some comedians seem to never laugh?
"This mission is a joke!" does it mean the mission is extremely easy or hard?
Who is a person you've ever met who has a great sense of humor?
What are the funniest things that teachers have heard from their students?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
Who has the funniest memes?
Which is Al Franken's funniest book?
How can I have more flowing conversations, joke around, etc.?
What if the president pretended to nuke a country as an April fool's prank?
Is there any room for a sense of humor in the military?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
What is a funny part in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
...
What are some of the funniest misheard lyrics (buffalaxed) songs?
How do I have fun?
How do I start a stand up comedy as a fresher?
What is the funniest pickup line you have ever heard?
What type of joke do you hate most?
What is the origin of April Fools’ Day?
What is your funniest boner story?
What is the best joke on cricket that you have ever heard?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
Why is it extremely bad to make jokes about gay people?
What is the meaning of "Aao kabhi haveli pe"? Why is it funny?
What is something you laugh at yourself for?
What is the funniest thing you have seen at a party?
How do I start doing stand-up comedy? I need some pointers.
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
What is your favourite current meme? Why?
How and when was the first joke written?
What are your funniest classroom memories?
How can you tell sarcasm or statements on Quora as a joke?
What is your best joke today?
What are one liner motivation quotes with "I" in them?
What are some popular Suppandi stories and jokes?
What is a funny response when people ask me where I am from, or where my home is?
Does your country have a saying about the British/English? I've heard some funny French ones but curious if there are any others.
What is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube that made you laugh really hard?
Regarding stand-up comedy, do you have to pay to do an open mic?
What are some funny/interesting things you have observed in Kolkata?
I don't understand the reason why people pull pranks, can someone explain why people do them?
What are some examples of horse puns?
What are some funny incidents that happened in Indian weddings?
What are some of the funniest hypocritical moments you can think of?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have spent a lot of money on?
Who are the funniest teenage Quorans?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
How do I apply for a comedy writing job?
Who are some funny writers on YourQuote?
What April Fool prank ended up costly?
What's the weirdest thing that's ever happened to you when gaming?
What is the most hysterical prank you or someone else has done?
As an actor, how do you make yourself laugh in a believable way?
What was the funniest moment of your life that made you laughed the hardest you have ever laughed?
What are some jokes related to standard operating procedures?
What was the funniest do or die situation that happened to you?
What if I'm the only person who thinks I'm funny?
What was the origin of narcissist jokes?
What is something incredibly funny you've experienced or seen or heard about?
How do I stop trying hard to be funny?
How does a humour-lover download humour for free?
Why isn't SNL funny anymore?
What are your thoughts about the website 9gag?
Do you have any funny bilingual moment to share?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone do in a store?
How is the 100 day calculation April 29th instead of April 30th?
What is the meme of the month?
What are the best pics you have come across?
What are the funniest things you do without showing anyone?
Do a lot of people find stand up comedy having less effect on them as they age?
What is your least favourite dick joke?
What is that one motivational one-liner that keeps you going when monotony tests your tenacity?
What are some puns for the word "rush"?
What is the greatest short joke you know or have heard?
How can I understand if someone is being bullyied or it's all just jokes?
What is the weirdest laugh you ever heard?
What are the guidelines which enable consistency in wit? What rules should one follow to always have a witty retorsion to sarcasm?
What is the dumbest thing you heard a liberal say?
What is the lamest thing you ever heard from someone who has a higher position than you?
What is the best “the bass dropped harder than…” joke you have ever come across?
Is the Everyday Feminism magazine a joke?
A Dothraki and a Wildling walk into a bar. How does the rest of the joke go?
What's the weirdest thing that happens in your school?
In psychology, why do others make fun of passionate people?
Can you be sarcastic?
Is sarcasm the best form of comedy?
What is the best line you ever heard/read in your life?
What is the worst/funniest thing in this world?
What is your most pointless but amusing fact?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What are some of the most funny facts about Bengalis?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
What are some of the funniest times you have laughed when you shouldn't have laughed?
Is a sense of humor and being witty a form of intelligence?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
What is the stupidest way you have ever been introduced?
Is there a site where I can share a very offensive but funny collection of stories? Most sites reject extremely offensive writing.
Do you think it's important for people to laugh?
What is it like to be the funny person in a group?
What is the funniest, weirdest, or best band name, in your opinion?
How can you make an awkward conversation even more awkward?
Can you make some memes about Quora?
What are good lyrics prank for you to prank your friends while you are just 13 years old?
Who was your most funny girl friend?
What is the best funny picture/image you have ever seen?
Is anyone interested to join our startup as a blog / article writer?
What would you do if someone has called you a pedophile as a joke?
What are the differences and similarities between comedy and philosophy?
Why can't Indians take jokes?
What are some funny things I can say to subtly confuse people?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
Do Royal Navy submarines always torpedo whales that they encounter, or only if they're attacked?
What is the source of WhatsApp jokes?
What lyric prank shall I do on my sister?
Is there any humor or comics about WordPress themes, plugins, or development; or WordPress culture in general?
Which are the best teacher-student jokes?
What are some things military people find funny but civilians don't understand? For example, they find incorrect salutes in movies quite amusing.
How do I give a funny, decent answer to 'how was your holiday/day?' when it wasn't much (it was dull and mundane)?
If a public "prankster" pranks you, are you allowed to harm them?
Where can I find long funny jokes in English or Hindi?
Would "Finding Hoarders" be a better title than "American Pickers"?
Why does my man laugh at uncomfortable times?
What are some good shower pranks?
Is there a successor to Don Rickles or did his brand of insult humor die with him?
What is the price you've paid for being sarcastic?
How do I become funny like Kenny Sebastian?
What are some bad, yet hilarious, puns?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
Can I get arrested for one prank call, no threats just plain fun from the ownage pranks app?
What is one joke that has never gotten old?
If you were to do a spoof on Trump and Alice and Wonderland, what would it look like?
How should one develop humour and also keep improving at it?
Should I pull a joke on my sister?
What are some crazy funny airplanes?
Why is Patton Oswalt such an unfunny hack?
What is the weirdest or funniest thing to happen to you while travelling in Kolkata Metro?
When was a time you walked into a room, saw something, then turned right around and walked away?
What are some of the best aao kabhi haveli pe memes you have seen?
Why is Toontown fun?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What was your best (worst) face-to-palm moment in Quora, ever?
What is the best/funniest graph you've ever found/made?
Are the jokes on stereotypical Indian moms examples of casual sexism?
How do you improve sense of humor?
What are the funniest internet reviews you've ever found about Haribo sugar-free gummy bears?
How do you deliver a joke to maximize humor?
How do men feel when their partners have a better sense of humor than they do?
What are some funny, clean, blonde jokes?
How can I get someone to get 8 detentions in the most humiliating way possible?
What is your funniest HoI4 Millennium Dawn experience?
How do you make failing funny?
Do Americans find British humour funny?
Is it possible for an atheist vegan who does crossfit to go 10 minutes without telling someone about it?
What is a witty response that can be used against nearly any insult?
Why maximum jokes are on wife only. She is most important but still jokes, why?
What are some great sense of humour you came across?
Why are jokes immune to plagiarism? We don't cite the source of a joke, and the creators don't get credit. Yet, it was authored just like prose.
If Devdas and Chunnilal were in Bihar today, who would have lived or died because of the liquor ban?
What is the funniest reply to this question, “Why would you kill yourself for another person”?
What is your favorite joke to tell at parties?
Why are memes so popular?
What is the funniest medical emergency you've ever heard of?
What was the luckiest case in your life?
What is a hilariously random fact?
Have you ever been pranked by a stranger?
What are some funny names for a girl’s/guy’s private parts?
When was a time that you farted and blamed someone else, or vice versa?
Who is the weirdest person you've ever seen?
Why are Indian YouTubers just selling sex in the name of pranks?
Why do people make fun of crocs?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Why do I laugh at my own pain?
How do memes compare to the political cartoons of past eras?
What are some good junior/senior was pranks to do to a house?
Why do girls or female friends say "tell me a funny story"? What is the purpose behind this?
Is there a formula for humor?
Which is the most entertaining, happiest song you’ve ever listened to in your life?
What is the best quip you've ever heard/made?
Should I gather sufficient experience in life before writing smart and humorous answers on Quora?
What are the funniest yet logical quotes Chanakya must have written in his rough copy?
What are your own funniest answers on Quora?
What is the funniest phobia you have ever heard of?
What are some hilarious jokes about chemistry?
What makes for the funniest PowerPoint you've seen and why was it so humorous?
Why aren't Liz Lemon's dealbreakers a part of Quora?
What is your funniest story about when you ran away to escape an earthquake that was coming to hit your home?
Is the song "Little Talks" supposed to be ironic when played during "Kilmeade & Friends?"
How do I respond when someone makes a joke like 'You owe me' and asks me to buy them coffee?
How can you attract women when you don't have a sense of humour?
Which are some of the funniest maps?
What are the funniest bot jokes on Quora?
If a group of necrophiliacs walked up on a mob of zombies, who would be chasing who?
Is "howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com" a "real" page? Or is it a joke?
What were some unexpected and hilarious moments during wars?
What is a curb in a road cross-section?
What was the funny conversation happened in your college laboratories?
What are some hilarious comments on Facebook?
How do I better understand sarcasm?
When something sensible is being joked or mocked about, should I laugh or be upset?
Would the tattoo in the photo make people laugh but also disgust them?
What are some funny things to whisper?
How do I deal with a person with an extreme sense of humour?
How do I be more naturally funny?
What are some of the worst/funniest/most ridiculous edit suggestions you've gotten?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you or someone else while playing the drums?
What are the funniest answers you have gotten/given to serious questions in programming interviews?
What's the weirdest thing you ever heard your baby say when speaking gibberish?
What's the funniest photoshopped image you've seen?
How do I formulate a joke quickly and hilariously?
What is the worst April Fools’ joke you ever played on someone?
What is the funniest thing you saw your sibling(s) saying?
Which is the most hilarious website on the Internet?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are good Trump jokes lately?
What are some Dat Boi memes?
Whats the dumbest thing you have heard a conservative say?
What is the best commit message/comment that you have ever encountered?
What is the most epic senior prank you have ever been a part of?
Do you think people saying "triggered" as a joke is funny?
What is the funniest thing you've said to someone trying to convert you?
What is the dumbest rumor you've heard about yourself?
How did Tobu make the "Such Fun" sounds?
What is the funniest, most absurd excuse for not turning in a project you have ever heard?
Where do you draw the line between “it's just a prank” and going too far?
Is a sense of humour a product of nature or nurture?
What is the funniest and most underrated movie ever?
What are some funny and logical answers during an IT interview?
What are some of the funniest things someone has done that keeps you laughing (clean topics only please)?
What are the best "computer guy" jokes you want to share?
What are the funniest blogs of 2017?
Could God have a sense of humor?
What are some nice and funny questions to ask your girlfriend?
What are some of the best comeback lines you have ever said?
What are some jokes about engineers?
What is the best joke you have seen or heard in your whole life?
Why don't we come across people with names Draupadi, Yudhistir, or Vibhishan?
Do you have any puns you want to share with us?
What's the funniest bad joke you know?
Whats the weirdest word you've ever had to teach a foreign exchange atudent?
What are the funniest or most sarcastic answers teachers have ever received?
What is a great last minute April fool's prank for flatmates?
Can you write a humorous story that ends with "and nobody dared to speak out as he walked away"?
What is the funniest thing someone said to your teacher?
How can I convince my mind to handle bad things in a funny way?
What is the most ridiculous punishment a teacher has ever given for something minor?
What are the most funny essay titles?
What are some best one liners one can come up with when someone taunts that"you are really short"?
What is the funniest name you have ever given to a teacher?
Which is the best prank you did in college?
What are some of your favourite or funniest memories as a member of a marching band?
What do people think of short, witty answers?
What is the weird and funny thing about yourself?
What's the funniest thing a woman did or said that turned you on to her?
What is the funniest joke, so that I may die due to laughter?
When I should use my Sense of Humour?
What was the most funny/interesting/crazy thing you've done when bored?
What is the exact word in English that can be used to describe a scene that makes me laugh in comedy?
Which is the funniest ever Jargon/Leitmotif you have heard?
Teachers: Who was the dumbest cheater you've ever seen?
Which book includes genuine and real story line, dark humor, motivation and some useful quality stuff?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What is the best joke you have ever heard or made in your life?
What is the kinkiest joke you ever made?
What other Quorans make good dick jokes?
Would you like to post any funny story about a pair of shoes?
What are three clean jokes that everyone must know?
What’s your best clean joke about making love?
Is laughing because you think something is funny an emotion?
What is the best nickname you have come across online?
What was the most stupid/hilarious/screw up moments that you experienced in a lab?
What are funny games for a fairwell party?
What was the weirdest YouTube comment conversation you've ever seen?
What did ancient doctors do and believe that we find very funny today?
Who is the funiest man of India?
Can you tell me a real life story that will make me laugh?
What are some of the best Balaji Vishwanathan memes?
What are some French jokes?
What is the best/funniest Kahoot nickname you've ever seen or had?
What ways can you make random people laugh?
Photos which prove that having kids can be seriously fun ?
What were some comedy highlights of/ tributes for NZ/Australian comedy legend John Clarke, who died in April 2017?
What are some short jokes that make you laugh?
How come you never hear of a combobulated, gruntled, ruly, or peccable person?
What are some good stand up comedy acts?
Why doesn't our solar system have a name? If you could give it a name, what would it be? Funny or serious answers are permitted.
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What’s the most humorous conversation you've had or heard?
It's a proven fact that crows communicate and have a language, but what are the chances that they have jokes or humor and possibly laugh like humans do?
What is the funniest or worst recommendation letter you have ever seen?
What is the most ridiculous thing anyone said to you?
What's the funniest thing someone has said whilst under the influence of anaesthetic or morphine?
Is it alright for a person to try stand up comedy even if he's not able to make people around him laugh?
Why do puns exist?
Can you post the first and fifth pictures in your mobile and tell the made up connection between them?
Is there a correlation between humour and traumatic events one has been through?
Can cheeseburgers laugh and sing?
Do you have a funny original story that I can add to my stand-up comedy show ?
What is the funniest joke you've read or seen?
What are the funniest Malayalam memes you've ever seen?
What are the most seductive pics you have seen?
What are the worst retail customer jokes that staff are tired of hearing?
Can somebody share some funny break up story?
What is the most sexist thing you have heard as a women or a girl child?
What are some of the most idiotic beliefs that you have come across?
What is the best joke you recall hearing?
What is a good best friend lyric prank?
What are funny questions about you that your best friend should know?
Are there funny photos on banking?
What are funny speeches given by Digvijay Singh?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
How should I make friends since everyone in my class does not have the same sense of humour as me?
Do you have any funny Envirothon stories?
What is the funniest non-English accent you have ever heard?
What is the single most hilarious joke ever said/made?
What are some funny embarrassing secrets?
Are memes legal?
What is the stupidest/weirdest/most distinctive name for a town you've heard of?
Are women less funny than men?
Who said the line "Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya"?
How can I turn a picture of my friend into a viral meme?
What are examples of jokes and riddles for adults?
Why are Laffy Taffy jokes so bad?
What's the funniest Quora glitch you've seen?
Why do people think Amy Schumer is funny?
How do I easily make memes formatted like memes shown in iFunny?
I don't want my question merged. What is your favorite joke?
When did you realise that you are dumb?
How do you react when people don't get your sarcasm?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
What are some humor and joke related AI projects (AI that writes jokes)?
Can you come up with a joke on the latest trend (kids, men, and legends)?
What is the funniest failure you've ever seen?
Why do people laugh at my ideas?
Is there any comeback or reply to Bania jokes?
What are some cultures that do not have humour as part of their daily lives?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've bought online?
Who was the most amusing ,Winston Churchill or Zsa Zsa Gabor, for quotes and witty one liners?
How can we define humor?
Are Roman Atwood’s Killing My Own Kid pranks staged?
Is there any funny incident which made you cry even though it wasn't serious at all?
If you could play a practical joke on Donald Trump, what would it be?
What are some funny facts about Hyderabad?
Why do I find death funny?
Why did normies report Intergalactic Burnik?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Why do people think that comedians are naturally funny when they have writers that create their jokes and then test them on audiences?
What if you are no more fun to have with?
What's the most offensive/dank meme you've ever seen?
What kind of mainstream humor do you find loathsome?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
How can I stop being cringy and funny as a teenager in high school?
What type of jokes do women prefer?
What is the easiest way to develop your sense of humor?
What is the funniest question you can think of to ask your teacher?
What are some humorous Sean Kernan answers?
What is the funniest act you have ever witnessed?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
How do I stop being cringy/trying to be funny?
How do I play a prank on a friend using an iPhone?
Does being funny have anything to do with intelligence?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
What was the biggest facepalm moment of your life?
Where is the best place to find memes?
What was it like to know someone who had no sense of humour?
What are some clever/witty physics quotes to put on a tie?
What's the stupidest or weirdest thing that a teacher you know has said or done?
What's your favorite one-liner joke?
What are some of the most ridiculous comments you've had on your answers?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever said in your life?
What kind of jokes would a fan of absurdist comedy produce?
What is the best joke you have heard in your lifetime?
What was the most hilarious reaction you received when you offered someone God’s message?
What was the craziest, funniest cat call you ever received?
What are some awkward or funny incidents you faced with Indian police?
Are there really people with no sense of humour?
What was the most misheard conversation you ever had?
What is the naughtiest prank you have ever done?
What is the funniest skit or standup that you've ever seen?
What are some funny jokes about periods?
What is the wackiest YouTube video you have ever seen?
What​ is the most embarrassing yet funny moments that only happens in India?
Where can I find a video of a typical jerk’s behavior? I'm curious and find this funny.
What are some cute and funny short stories?
Are there a lot of funny people in Berlin?
What is the most hilarious YouTube poop?
If sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, what are the higher forms?
What is the relationship between black humour and intelligence?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Is the idea of an Alternate Left a joke?
What is the worst reason for a breakup you have ever heard?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
Have you ever pranked someone with wasabi?
Can any RJ (Radio Jockey) share some funny incidents that took place during your shows?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
What is, in your opinion, the worst meme of all time?
What is the best April Fool’s prank you have ever played?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Why do normies ruin the good memes?
Why are some people shaped funny than others?
What type of sense of humor does Athena Walker have?
In your opinion, what is the dankest meme of all time?
Which is your favorite adult joke?
What are some of the funniest quotes like ‘Hell is empty, and the devil is here’?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
Is someone willing to buy, or is looking out for, a database on sarcastic voices for sarcasm detection in speech?
What was weird about the line in Seinfeld "the panties your mother laid out for you"?
Is the Maury show real? It looks like a joke.
How does one determine the dankness of a meme?
What is the funniest insult you have heard/overheard in your school/workplace?
Who likes puns?
Does Buddhists and Hindus have a sense of humor?
What did people do for fun in the 1960?
How do I stop being cringy and trying to be funny as a teenager?
Culturally speaking, what are some of silliest things you have heard?
What is the single greatest anti joke of all time?
What is your funny story related to condom in India?
What are some good examples of black humor without discriminating any minorities?
What jokes or scenes on The Golden Girls did you not understand until you were older?
What are some good website with humorous / comedy short stories?
What is the worst excuse given by anyone?
Is there any difference between anti-sentimental comedy and farce?
Why do we tend to laugh while lying in a joke way?
What's the funniest rap you've heard or made and deserves attention?
How do people make music memes?
What was the weirdest way you befriended somebody?
Can being funny and making your doctor laugh be a problem for psychotherapy?
What are some good comebacks to always have on hand?
You can take two country's names and combine them, which combination do you find the funniest?
Is a joke still a joke if you have to point to it and say, "This is a joke" for people to get that it is a joke, and/or get the joke itself?
Why doesn't DC make their movies with more substance, and why can't they add some more humor?
Which is the funniest comedy sitcom today?
What’s a career in comedy like?
What are examples of hilarious birthday quotes?
Can robots be trained to laugh?
What are examples of successful (not fatal to people using) humor under tyrannies throughout human history?
What was the most insulting joke Don Rickles made, and to whom?
What are the funniest and weirdest cases lodged in Indian court?
Do you know any funny person?
Where is Laughing Jack now?
Is humour considered appropriate in a business setting?
What are the funny trends in tribes?
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
Where is the best place that I can find funny, trending memes such as Cat in the Hat or SpongeBob Chicken?
What are some funny pranks?
How is Bhuvan Bam funny?
What are the best one-liners about countries?
What was the most funny thing happened in your life?
Are puns an example of British humor or American humor?
What is the weirdest outfit that you have seen?
What are some of the funniest reactions to frustrating video game moments?
What are some good satire ideas?
What are all the puns that could be made as names for Vietnamese restaurants?
How did you get away with stealing stuff?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen/done/overheard?
Several months ago you posted a great joke about religious intolerance. Will you repost it or give me a reference?
What are some good and funny documentary ideas?
What could be a few cute and charming one liners one could say when somene's leaving?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
What's the best way to respond to a transphobic joke in the workplace?
What are some funny humour?
What is the most interesting law you've heard of?
Which one movie scene made you laugh out loud?
What are some weirdest Chinese food you have ever seen?
What are the greatest April fool incidents?
What are the most ridiculous things about religion?
Which comedy shows of the past have aged well - and which haven't?
What is a question which would make people laugh?
What would you do if someone prank called you?
Why are the Indian stand up comedians condemned for their content (even if it's good)? Why don’t Indian people take it as humor and why do they get offended?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever done while high?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
What are the best crazy and funny things to do outdoors with a girl I love without spending any money?
How do I keep from laughing?
Why are memes so common on the internet?
What are some good jokes to tell when hosting a talent show?
What is your favorite B.A.P meme?
I can make people smile and laugh. Will you consider this adorable?
What are photos that prove that having kids can be seriously fun?
What are some slang terms for making someone laugh by making fun of them?
What is the funniest car you have ever seen?
What is the most influential punch line you have ever heard? (Something which boosted up your spirits.)
Is there any incident in your life which made you laugh for more than 5 minutes?
What is your favourite "she was only a profession's daughter but…" joke?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your girlfriend?
What is one Yo Momma Joke that would shut your friends up?
What are the funniest trekking/ camping stories you have?
What should I do if some strangers laughs at me?
What is the weirdest thing a girl has ever asked you?
What things made you good at csgo?
What is more important for a woman: muscular body or humor?
What is your family joke?
Do you know any weird and/or funny programming terminologies (e.g., monkey patching, Yoda conditions)?
Is it too late to start doing stand-up comedy in your mid-40s?
Is Natalie Muresan a meme?
What is the most ridiculous phishing email you've heard work?
What is the funniest thing you have done in school?
What are one liners called?
Is love just a funny joke/game to narcissists?
What was your weirdest/funniest dream?
What is the funniest thing a border patrol has said to you?
What is an Australian sense of humor?
What is your favorite example of something that can only be understood by knowing memes?
What are the funny things you have ever seen/noticed while waiting at the red signal or during traffic?
What was the funniest comic that you've ever read?
What are the qualities which make a good sense of humour?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do narcissists have a good sense of humour?
Is having the same sense of humour as the person you are dating crucial to the success of the relationship?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
Does anybody have a good pun?
What are the funniest breakups ever?
Why do guys think that girls can't be gross and funny?
What are the topics for stand up comedy?
What are the strangest and funniest misconceptions about India?
What would be the strategy made when your batch just want to forcefully make you laugh while giving presentation for the sole purpose of gaining fun?
What was your most embarrassing yet funny moment of your school life?
What jokes have you heard about American politicians?
What is the dumbest thing you have seen/heard?
What is the funniest thing that happened at a relative’s wedding?
What is the funniest tweet of 2017 so far?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard at school?
Why do people not laugh at your jokes at times?
What would happen, if for one day all normal ads were replaced by pornographic ads?
Whats the dumbest thing you have done for a guy?
Can you give me some funny or sarcastic answers?
What is the funniest (or weirdest) thing that has happened to you while travelling on a Mumbai local train?
Is there a word for the circumstance when you force yourself to laugh even though your freind's joke is not funny at all?
What is your go to fun fact?
Is it ok to be a little casual in interviews and show some sense of humour?
Is humour essential to attracting women?
Is it important to bring the humor in our life if we want to develop our sense of humor?
What is the best funny video you know?
What did Matthew Perry mean by his peach-head joke?
Does Mitch McConnell have a sense of humor about his comparison photos to turtles?
Why are there more dick jokes than vagina jokes?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
What are some examples of thinking jokes and riddles?
How can I make jokes in English and add humor in the conversation with foreign friends? Sometimes, I just don't know how to make friends with foreigners.
What is the most ridiculous conversation you've ever had?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What is the funniest thing you saw on the internet?
What are some best one-liners of Ross Geller?
What does it mean when you think car crash videos are funny?
Why do some people use “lol” as their immediate expression for any joke?
What is my son talking about when he says "dank memes"? Is this some new drug?
Why isn't anything actually funny?
Why are Sikhs stereotyped and made fun of, as Sardarji jokes?
Who is the funniest teacher you have had?
Why is it fate if a woman laughs?
What's the craziest prank you can think of to pull on a teacher?
Is there a "Nazi humour"?
What is the most incredible lie you ever heard?
What's the dumbest comment you've ever heard on a national sports broadcast?
What are some of the best "Brace Yourself" memes?
Is the assumption that people who work in tech and code are more humorous correct?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or someone you know in a middle school Spanish class?
What are the funny topics for English speech?
What are some good things happen to you during drinking at Bar?
Are clowns awesome or scary? Why?
Which are the best April Fools Day prank, share them
Has anyone (beside myself) made jokes as they were preparing for surgery?
What kind of joke does the picture below convey?
How addictive is Quora?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a budgerigar, or a parrot say?
Is a funny interpretation of high arts a Philistinism?
What is the best letter you have written to anyone or come across?
What has been your funniest experience/encounter in a lift?
What is the funniest thing you have misunderstood?
Why are there so many jokes about South Delhi & the people living there?
How can I get 1,000 subscribers to my comedy channel if I don't want to do non-vegetarian jokes?
Can you give me some examples of the Australian sense of humor?
What are your opinions on Norwegian King's Guard appointing a penguin as its Colonel-in-Chief?
Which books are a must-read once in your lifetime?
How do I sound funny? I know jokes, I have humourous content for myself, but whenever I try to present it, it never sounds funny.
What type of sense of humor do doctors have?
What are some of the WhatsApp hoax that people are forwarding, believing it to be true?
What are some of the best (worst) jokes and riddles?
Can insults make a person laugh?
Why are they laughing at me even though I'm not trying to make them laugh?
How​ do I develop sense of humour which can work for boys as well as girls?
What should I do about ridiculous doubts that I have?
What are some things that foreigners do or say in the US that are hilarious or stupid?
What are some funny websites that are good to visit?
What was the funniest thing you ever witnessed in your senior year at high school?
How do I come up with a good corny one liner?
What is the best/worst Bioscience you have ever heard?
What are the natal chart aspects that indicates a person has a good sense of humor?
What is the funniest Department of Motor Vehicles experience you have had?
What is the meaning of “nutty as a fruitcake”? Can I use it in a funny way?
What is morbid humor, and what are some examples?
Who's name do you think is perfect for them? Why?
What kind of funny clients do you find in brothels?
What is the funniest thing that you have read on Quora?
What is the difference between silly and humorous?
What is the purpose of a corny one liner?
What are some funny rules of life?
What is the most hilariously bad thing you have read?
What is the funniest experience you had in high school?
What's the most ridiculous thing you ever said while having sex?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been asked about computers?
Where would you spend money if Arvind Kejriwal decided to share his 2 crore with you?
Is it a good idea to start a stand-up comedy club in Chandigarh?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What was so funny about the Joker's joke in "The Killing Joke" that made Batman laugh? Isn't it an old joke?
Have psychopaths ever been in a prank video without knowing it? If yes, how did they react?
Is it bad my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What are some jokes you know?
How can I make a funny prank video?
What happened to Pat Cassels from CollegeHumor?
What are some things only Kenyans do?
What is the farthest you've ever gone for the sake of a joke?
Which is the correct form, "more funny" or "more funnier"?
What are some funny dirty jokes you can tell at an office party?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
Why are you laughing?
Does it indeed hurt the ego and feelings of the rare talented young men in underdeveloped countries when some lunatic makes nonsense jokes about them?
What is a bar joke with the words bee and owl?
What are the best Hindi nonveg jokes?
It is possible to censor people for making fun of a handicap? Such as dyslexia?
Which is the most stupidest question that had funniest answer you came across on Quora?
What is your proudest prank story?
Is prank calling illegal in Canada?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Is attending a fun park really funny?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
Why do people laugh when they see people with some defect? People laugh at me because I have severe acne scars.
What are some stupid jokes?
What's the funniest story about your wedding?
What is the"meme font"?
Why would a girl make a stupid joke after looking at my bare chest?
How can I improve puns?
What are some of the best witty comments?
What are some of the funniest interactions you've had with complete strangers?
What is your funniest moment of being tired in the morning?
What are some risqué jokes that are hilarious?
What is the biggest misunderstanding yet funny situation you've ever been?
What was your funniest interview answer, where the interviewer immediately asked you to leave ?
How can you report prank calls?
How can you know if someone is not worthy of sarcasm?
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
What is the most memorable high school prank you were a part of?
What are the best puns/word-plays?
What is the most interesting question on Quora you have came across?
Where can I sell my dark humor?
What do you joke about?
How would you describe or like the funny Vines compilations?
What are some ways to prime yourself to enjoy watching stand up comedy on TV?
Do people in Texas find it funny/annoying when non-Texans say "yee-haw"?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
Is living in a country where the President has made fun of a disabled person as hilarious as it sounds?
What are the wittiest replies to "I add the fun in dysfunctional"?
Can you make me laugh in 30 seconds?
Have you ever turned a joke around on someone?
What is the weirdest thing someone​ has done while sleepwalking?
What weird/funny thing have you heard from Indian spiritual leaders, Babas or monks?
What was the tallest top hat ever worn in the 1800s that was neither intended as a joke nor taken as a joke/attracted any undue attention?
What are the funniest mistake ever?
What is the funniest/most unreasonable request you've had from a client?
Why is "We Are Number One" a meme?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
Is Bil Stachour still on Quora. I miss his insightful and humorous answers.
What amazing things can I do funny at home?
Has anyone came across people who are "KENSAR" to the society?
Why did I recently laugh out loud in my sleep?
Why is Kevin McCarthy's joke about Russian payments to Trump not funny?
What should I do if Imperial Stormtroopers show up at my door exhausted and demand to crash overnight?
What are your funniest memories of the late Don Rickles?
In what ways can I make a stranger laugh?
Why are memes created about Dora and Bheem?
Will I fall for my ex? She is funny, sexy, smart, and we are very much compatible. I had fallen out of love.
What signs do you give when you’re being sarcastic?
How is Nehrik Umashankar able to make so many hilarious jokes?
What is your favorite The Far Side comic and why?
Just like Raga jokes are a political mockery of Congress by the NDA, were the Sardar jokes a political mockery of the Khalistani Sikhs by the Congress?
What you feel about Life in BOM"BAE"?
What kind of jokes are there between 葡萄 and 葡萄牙?
Who are the most overrated standup comedians of all time?
What are examples of humorous proverbs?
Why can't I tolerate a single funny comment regarding me or my actions or performance?
Do you have a weird sense of humour that nobody understands but you?
How do you stop struggling to find things funny?
What's the most shocking thing you've heard your own child say?
What was the nastiest prank that was ever done on you?
What are some jokes about psychoanalysis?
What's the worst prank you've played on your family?
How can I develop a witty sense of humour?
Why does my boyfriend laugh at inappropriate times?
When was the last time you burst into laughter?
What is a "funny turn" in British English?
What is the best DYAC (Damn You Auto Correct) moment you ever had or seen?
Why are most English jokes based on nerdy scientific facts?
What are the most funniest photos you've seen ever?
Why do people think it's ok to make fun of Christianity but not Islam?
Why do we feel nice when we make someone laugh?
What is the funniest restaurant experience you've ever had?
What is the funniest thing you've done after getting drunk?
What are some funny skits on IT industry?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you while traveling in a Mumbai Metro?
What are some epic Twitter replies you came across?
What are the absolute best Twitter roasts you have ever seen?
What are the best April Fools’ jokes to play on your kids? What ages would "get it"?
What is some of the darkest humor around?
What are some of the funniest events that took place in history?
What was a time you laughed so hard you peed on yourself?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
Why is there no question paper called “joke”?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
What is your favorite science joke?
When we laugh out of embarrassment do we release energy?
What is the strangest, funniest, or most interesting thing you have ever seen at a wedding?
What is the lamest reason one has ever given for committing sucide that you have ever heard?
What was the funniest corporate meeting you've ever attended to?
What was the funnest line you unexpectedly heard from a stranger?
What makes someone funny?
What are some good pranks to pull on your older brother?
Why don't I find anything truly funny?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you today?
What is the best joke you have ever heard, or faced, in your life?
What's the most ridiculous 'job' a person has ever been paid for?
Have you ever asked a question to a shop assistant and been misheard leading to a funny situation?
How good is Know Your Meme as a source?
What is the biggest and the funniest/most interesting plot twist that you have heard or encountered?
What is the funniest WhatsApp forward you have recieved?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
As a doctor or psycaitrist, what are the strangest or funniest stories that patients have told you?
Is God the stupidest thing man ever created?
What are some simple well known phrases you find funny for no reason?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
What are some of the most hilariously ironic photos you've ever seen?
How do I smile when a joke is even not funny?
How do I become good at dank memes?
What are some funny things or behaviors you see in office culture?
I believe that using "ao kabhi haveli pe" jokes are offensive towards women due to the nature of the reference. What are your thoughts? I want to share the answers on Facebook.
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
What is the best Roman history meme that you can remember/create?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you can make up right now?
What are the funniest moments when a Pakistani cricketer tried to speak English?
What are your most horrible and funniest experience about Google Map?
What do you think was the most ironic/funny death in any time period?
What are the best April Fools' day jokes of 2017?
What is the funniest fortune cookie you have ever opened?
What are the cute one liners?
What are some Texas fun facts?
What text pranks can I pull on my friend's boyfriend?
Can you direct me to the best try not to laugh video (appropriate for school purposes)?
What is the most interesting statement that you have heard?
What is the most funniest joke ever?
Why are some jokes funny but others not funny?
Why does the same joke evoke different responses from different people? Some laugh out loud and others just smile.
What pranks can be done in school on a targeted person for which you cannot be busted?
Why did "Damn Daniel" become viral when it isn't even funny?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
On a scale of 1-10, how funny are you?
What is the name of that app which makes funny pictures and videos?
What are some jokes about stinky feet?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a student in your school say?
Why is it when someone tries to pull a prank that they exaggerate the reactions of their targets?
What types of comedy does Aspies use?
What is the funniest question asked by a student?
What is the funniest Passover video you have seen or made for 2017?
What is the connection between the stand-up comedy community and Nucleya? They all seem to be promoting him and his works!
How can I be witty and sarcastic?
What is your best Nazi joke?
Which one movie scene made you not just happy, but made you laugh?
What is the most ridiculous job application form that you've come across?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in school?
What is the most genius example of trolling you have ever seen?
What is funny in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8oKJDjzOeA?
...
Where are you in life? Amaze me with witty or interesting answers.
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said/done?
How do I become witty and charismatic while dating?
What are the best instances of humor in uniform?
How can one be a man with a good sense of humor?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
Would you call a stand-up comedian who's disabled in a chair, a sit-down comedian?
How do you know when comedy has crossed the line? Is there a line?
What prank did you do for this year's April Fools?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
How is sarcasm supposed to work?
What is the funniest meme you've ever seen?
What's the best example of false modesty you have ever heard?
What are some funny stories of finding who was stealing your lunch?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have told you?
What are some good ways to prank your brother?
What people you came across while traveling impressed you most? Why?
What are the best programmer jokes you want to share?
Should major companies play April Fools’ jokes?
What is the best one liner for a Facebook status?
What is a funny thing that designers hear from developers?
What is the funniest compliment that you've received after sex?
Can being too funny with gals make you a clown - how much is enough?
What songs would you use to prank your crush?
What are some of the funniest photographs ever?
What was your funniest answer on the border control, when you was asked about a purpose of your visit to the country?
What is the funniest work place joke you've ever heard or read?
Who is the loveliest woman you have ever heard of?
Is it helpful to use emoticons to hint at humorous content and if so, why don't more people do it?
How do you handle all of the jokes about Canada?
What is your lamest joke?
So, I read this article about workplace vigilantism and am wondering about it. What are people's interesting, funny, weird, scary, etc., experiences with this phenomenon?
What's the weirdest act you've ever done?
What is the funniest clean joke you've heard?
Which type of jokes are called as pakau jokes?
What could be a really witty take on the pros of the GST?
What are some good, easy pranks I can do on my family?
Why don't people laugh at their friends' jokes to humor them even if they don't find them that funny?
What is the funniest folder name you have in your computer?
What's funny in haveli?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you on an airplane?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
What are the best counters to sarcasm?
Is it normal that I find "Baffin Island" as a funny name?
What are some of the miracles that you have come across as a doctor?
What is the weirdest moment you have ever seen?
What are some funny and weird toddler videos?
Whenever we get on the internet, why do we always get those people who joke around about comitting suicide?
Are we the only only animals with a sense of humour? Why?
What are the pros and cons of being a YouTuber who makes funny videos? Will it be possible for a lower middle class engineer girl?
Why is Pakistan so keen in making a joke of itself?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
Do police officers find it disrespectful when people joke about donuts?
Is there room for humor or irony in our answers?
Can I find a stand-up comedy club in Bangalore?
What is your favorite Family Guy funny moment?
What is the funniest joke you have ever seen or heard?
Are there any good pranks I can play on my neighbors?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
What has made you laugh recently?
What is a funny comment you can say when a guy says you have a big butt?
Why is it so hard to explain when something is funny?
As a Royal Guard, what made you laughed?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done as a teenager?
What is the funniest looking Nuke?
What is your favorite inside joke? No explanation needed.
What is/was your lamest comeback?
What scenes from movies have a slapstick humour "stuck" scene in it?
What are some unknown puns you know?
If a tree falls and lands on your head in the forest but you did not hear it land on your head, does that mean you will never make another sound?
What is the worst April Fool’s Day joke that people have fallen for?
Can you share some of the weirdest things you have done in a plane?
What's the funniest thing about women other than they think they're so special?
What is the funniest thing you can possibly write today on Quora?
What are good cafes to organize an open mic standup comedy event in Udaipur?
What is the funniest joke you've heard to date?
What is the funniest thing to happen to transgender people related to their gender presentation?
Do girls feel sexual desire when one of their "just friends" share some funny double meaning jokes?
How do I write a funny paper?
What are the funniest songs ever?
Is it okay to joke about sensitive topics?
What are your funny cafe/restaurant moments?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What do you think that the evolutionary function of laughter and our sense of humour is?
Could you imagine and write down the discussion between any two famous characters/persons (your choice)?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
What's the cutest funny thing your spouse keeps doing?
What are the funniest Indian tweets?
How did the John Cena memes get started?
How can I be in an instant laugh mood with everybody?
Is English a funny language?
I have come across one Asha psychic spiritualist. Are they really genuine?
What is the funniest and most offensive joke you have ever heard?
Has anyone ever lost their sense of humour? How do you get it back?
How and where did the concept of memes originate?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What egregious historical myths or errors did you once believe in?
Which April Fools’ pranks have negatively affected businesses?
What are your thoughts on AIB’s Quora joke?
Do you find virtual machines fun? If so, what makes them fun?
What is the most funniest but legitimate reason someone called 911?
What are some sarcastic sibling jokes?
Can women find a male comedian funny if they are sexually repulsed by him?
What is the smartest quote you've ever came across?
Are the Chinese funny?
What is the funniest cartoon logic you have ever seen?
What are some sick disses in holy texts of any religion?
Why do people think IIMians are not fun?
Is intelligence related to scoring good grades or the ability to make people laugh?
Is fake laughing still good for you?
Does someone know a good sports meme site?
Why are dorm hall pranks so fun?
What can be an alternative but funny ending for "Main aur meri tanhai aksar ye baatein karte hain ki" dialogue?
What is a clever, but not necessarily funny, thing to say to a lady to get her to go to dinner with you?
What form of humor is correlated with higher intelligence?
Have you ever laughed suddenly while crying because of something funny happened?
When did Hitler become a meme?
Why is it that jokes are made about engineers while it is one of the toughest courses?
What is the best "one-liner' you've ever delivered?
Which is the funniest Bollywood song you have ever heard?
What is the most hilarious example of hypocrisy you have personally experienced?
What is the most funny incident after having bhang in Holi?
What have your most humorous encounters with Siri been like?
How can I Make My laugh less?
Is it normal to joke about death?
Have you been asked something from a phone solicitor that made you think twice about their question?
Why do I feel like I have heard every joke?
What are some funny excuses that you have come across when you ask someone to donate blood?
What awesome pranks can I pull before school ends (I’m 15 almost 16)?
What are the most consistently interesting or funny 'weird Twitter' accounts?
Can I start making YouTube prank videos as only a producer and hire my actors to do pranks?
What are some stories where people have just missed something unfavourable, e.g., a huge traffic jam, a flight that crashed, getting knocked over, etc.?
What are some of the memorable or humorous anecdotes provided by Kavingar Vaali during his speeches or interviews?
Can you share some of April Fools’ Day 2017 pranks done by big companies?
Can you list Quora writers who write humorous answers?
What is the best sex joke you ever made?
Is being nice a good thing?
What is your favourite bilingual joke?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
Which is your favorite Vadivel comedy? Why?
Which people have a better sense of humour, Chinese or Americans?
What are some of the funniest excuses that teachers have heard from students?
If I write a joke answer to a joke question then am I violating any Quora policy?
What is the funniest Chinglish you've seen?
What is the funniest local train incident that you had in ODISHA?
Can you make a person believe any bogus story as a prank?
What do you normally find funny but most would be offended by?
What are some funny Snapchat stories?
How do I enhance my sense of humour?
Which society cultivates humor, art and friendship?
If Donald Trump had installed a bright red launch button behind his desk in the Oval Office, would it be a sick joke?
What is the best incident you would like to narrate that can make everyone laugh?
What are some English books based on humour?
What was the killing joke in "The Killing Joke"?
What is the funniest thing you did when you were drunk?
What April Fools’ prank can I complete today?
In which countries making pranks can be extremely dangerous?
What are some memes to troll scientists (comparing them to engineers)?
What is the funniest thing you have ever found in someone's search history?
What is the funniest accidental thing you've had a teacher say?
What is the most fascinating story you have ever heard?
How do I make a song funny like the Funzoa Channel on YouTube?
What's the most funny communication?
Do you like when other people laugh? Why/Why not?
Where can I buy boxers with funny slogans/one liners printed on them for men?
Which country is the funniest?
How can I stop my voice from becoming distorted when I'm trying to say something funny?
Do Indians find Bollywood dancing funny?
My teacher misunderstood my prank call as rape, what do I do?
Have you ever been made fun of because of your religion?
What are some funny moments in Indian Army?
What is the most ridiculous birth story you have heard of or experienced?
What does Chandler meant by "too many jokes, must mock Joey"?
What was the first meme of a photo?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a student say?
What is the strangest piece of logic you have ever encountered?
Can this word 'groovy' be used in commenting on some funny, hilarious meme?
I don't care about racist jokes as long as there's no malicious intent behind them. Why can't everyone be like that?
What did your dog do that made you laugh today?
Are movies with Simon Pegg, e.g. the Cornetto trilogy, good examples of modern British humor?
What are some interesting and/or funny YouTube videos?
What should you know before creating memes?
What are the most dead memes as of April 2017?
What is considered funnier, a British or an American sense of humour (humor)?
If a plate of rice and a pizza are both dropped from the same height, at the same time, which will reach the ground first?
How do I know if someone understood my joke?
Can you tell a surprise failure story?
What are punny jokes?
Do the people in Chelm mind the jokes about them?
What are some CA jokes?
When someone makes a joke and nobody laughs, is it because the joke is not funny or do we just have a less of a sense of humour?
What are some examples of funny toasts?
What're your best puns?
How come Jalals has never been prosecuted for his bomb pranks?
Why can't I do Snapchat? Meaning when you do the camera with the funny faces or characters on there.
Do you have a funny story about meeting someone famous?
What is the funniest thing that you have heard someone did sleep walking?
Can you write an answer that can make me laugh out loud?
Why do people like Seinfeld so much?
What is a funny joke, about anything?
How can I make my sense of humor like a cup of tea?
What's the most unique pun you ever came across?
What is your favourite Game of Thrones meme, joke or witty one-liner?
If two vegans are arguing, is it still called 'beef'?
What's the most embarassing thing you have seen in a hotel room?
What are the best chemistry one liners?
What is your impression from this old Soviet comedy, do you have any similar comedy in your country?
What is your funniest rejection story?
What is the best prank you pulled on your siblings/ parents/ cousins?
Why do ASMR videos make me laugh?
What has been the most funniest or hilarious dream while asleep, you ever had?
What are the most nonsense questions you have come across in your life?
What is the funniest thing about millennials?
What are some interesting and funny words like "clinomania"?
What is the history of humor in India?
What is the most ironic thing about you?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
Did veterans have any interesting/funny experiences when working with another countries’ troops?
What are the funniest things you have ever found in Google Street view?
What are some of the funniest excuses teachers have heard from students?
What is the most offensive joke you admit to laughing at?
How do you know if you have an inappropriate sense of humor?
What is the funniest source code you have ever seen?
What are some funny T-shirt images/memes you have seen?
Is laughing out loud while alone uncommon?
Why is my grandmother telling me to stop being smart with my grandpa when in reality I was telling a joke?
What are some crazy, funny, or awkward stories about counselling?
What is the wierdest thing that happened to you?
What's your favorite English joke?
Is laughing when someone falls a folkway?
What is the best April fool prank?
Is the Murray's sandstorm-conjuring spell in Hotel Transylvania 2 actually based on the Egyptian language, or just gibberish?
Who are some famous cock blockers?
Is it bad that I want a girlfriend who jokes as much as I do?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard at family gatherings?
How do I start my speech in a new class in a funny way?
What's a short and funny way to say this phrase, “Please excuse brevity and typos, this message was born on an iPhone”?
What are some ironic place names you have seen or heard of?
What are some API for Fun/Jokes/Funny Gif?
What are some stories that you think will make me laugh?
What are the funniest memes made in 2017?
Why do we sometimes find breaking taboos funny and sometimes deplorable?
What is a good, short joke you like?
Could you suggest me some trending/funny/most used dialogue, one liner or even a word in Mangalore Kannada?
Trump is a beloved target of funny jokes. Can he, himself, laugh at such jokes?
Can one be serious about a total bullshit joke (not a polemical question)?
What is the most sarcastic comment/joke you ever heard/told?
Why are circles so funny?
Which is the best short, funny story that isn’t more than 200 words?
Which is the best site you have ever come across?
Why do people only think of me as a stupid joke?
What are the best and funniest planes?
What are some jokes to make when hosting a talent show?
Do you know some really good white jokes?
What is the difference between dead memes and stale memes?
What are characteristics define mellow comedy?
Can I have depression if I make jokes and laugh a lot?
What's the funniest or most clever name you've given to your dog(s)?
Does making too many dick jokes make someone a dick?
What is the funniest persuasive speech a teacher has witnessed?
What was the funniest unintentional 'accident' you've ever seen during a play?
Does having a good sense of humor increase a person's chances of getting a girl?
What is a joke that you tell all the time?
How would you classify sarcasm? Is it a positive or negative skill, and is it a personality plus or minus?
Is it ok if my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What are thinking jokes and riddles used for?
What is the best thing you came across today?
What's the funniest question or answer on Quora?
What is oddest crime you've ever heard or seen?
Is there any humorous Scriptural wordplay?
Can you tell why a child is laughing while they are being pulled on a Trunki?
What are examples of humorous monologues from plays?
Can you share a funny experience that happened while traveling?
What are the best M.I.T. engineering school pranks?
How do I avoid dorm hall pranks?
Is there such a thing as good or bad sense of humour?
Why is my childhood turning into memes?
When did you have the perfect joke for a situation but the wrong audience to understand it?
What is the difference between Shakespearean comedy and classical comedy?
How should I keep a serious face at serious moment?
Who started “aao kabhi haveli pe” memes?
Why are funny people often characterized as intelligent?
What are some inside jokes or sayings you've developed with your family?
What is the weirdest fact anyone has ever told you?
I will ask you a humorous question. How do you think Voldemort lost his nose?
What is the most funny, cleverly, dangerous or secretly things you have done on Quora?
What are the funniest messages you've received as a delivery man or woman?
How is stand up comedy as a profession?
Why do humans understand sarcasm?
How can I create funny toasts for a wedding?
Can you make me chuckle in exactly 5 words?
Can you produce a fake smile and still appear funny?
What are sacrilegious jokes?
What's your most hilarious IT support experience?
Where are the funny WhatsApp videos?
Do you think Islam is nothing rather than a prank played in the midieval age?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
What's the funniest video on the Internet?
What is one funny name that was given to a guest?
Are sarcastic Nazi jokes okay?
Which meme is your favorite? Why?
Is it bad to like edgy memes?
Has anyone ever farted on your face?
What was the funniest reaction of a commander to a message from the enemy?
Are there any interservice joke among China PLA?
What's the best books about what humans find funny?
What exactly happened at Sri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur?
Which are the fake prank channels on YouTube?
How do you react when no one laughs at your jokes?
Do you like the "understandable have a good day" meme?
What are the most popular topics in stand-up comedy?
My girlfriend embarrassed me in front of her friends. What should I do?
What are ways I could practice to become witty?
What is the silliest question you have seen?
What are some fun facts about the 442nd Regimental Combat Team?
Why do most Americans miss sarcasm completely when other people make a joke?
What are some of the most ridiculous school rules in India you have come across?
What are some funny games/challenges for an all-girls sleepover?
Can I report someone on Quora for claiming their answer will be "funny" when it turns out not to be funny at all?
Why do we feel designs are funny when they get older?
What is the dumbest thing that you have heard a teacher say?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone eating whilst they were cycling or skateboarding?
How do I control my laughing while a meeting is going on?
What are the funny jokes you heard about movie Sholay?
Let's have some Monday fun. Which is your favorite meme for Monday?
What made you laugh just now?
How did some gay porn become a meme?
What are some funny experiences involving Oxford?
What was the most epic senior prank you ever took part of/witnessed?
What's the best April Fool's prank you know of?
What would happen if there were no jokes, wit, or sarcasm in our lives?
What is the funniest 'Try not to laugh challenge(s)’?
How do I start making inside jokes?
If you laugh about death, what does that mean?
What are some of the funniest moments on "The Office"?
Have you ever found out terrible news and wished it was just a bad joke?
What is the origin of the "aao kabhi haweli pe" meme?
How can I best find smart, funny, well-rounded friends on Quora?
What's the dumbest promposal you have ever witnessed?
What are some of the funniest computer problems you have ever had?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
Why does my funny bone tingle?
How can I laugh openly?
What are the most hilarious memes you come across in social media?
What are the funniest image memes you have seen about President Trump?
Hackers, what is the funniest and weirdest password that you've ever seen while hacking someone's account?
Are incest jokes pointless since we're all related?
What was the most legendary one-liner in movie history?
Have you played any April Fools jokes that backfired?
Who thinks babies are funny?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
How do I prepare for boards with only 10 months left?
What is one of the most interesting rumors you've heard before?
What are some instances in which you did something that made you laugh at yourself?
What would be the best word or one-liner for a doctor and an engineer's marriage?
What is the funniest game that's worth the money?
Are there any legendarily funny Quora posts or answers?
Why are sacrilegious jokes so controversial?
So I am really, really bad at sarcasm, both in recognizing it and in making sarcastic jokes. How can I improve my sarcasm game?
What is the best way to start a blog that is both humorous and serious?
Can a video creator get sued if someone takes a joke in their videos seriously?
What would be the best way for someone to prank you?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
Why are feminists so humorless and oversensitive?
What is a joke or fun story you like the most?
What was the first meme and what does it mean?
What was the most happiest moment that you have ever came across?
Why does death make me laugh?
What is a clever, funny thing I can say for my thirty words?
What are some wise/funny things said by Joey Tribbiani on the American TV series “Friends”?
What are some fun facts I don't know?
What is the best joke or cartoon that can actually make people laugh out loud?
What is the dumbest thing a customer has said to you?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What is the funniest thing your sister has done?
What jokes are so dumb, they’re actually funny?
What are some of the strangest first names you've heard?
What is the most innovative idea that you have ever heard about?
Are any shows as funny as The Office?
I don't have any topics to talk and make myself intresting. What should I do. I also want them to laugh?
What was your best or funniest Snapchat?
Why was Bahubali movie was so funny and stupid?
What is the dumbest answer you have heard on a quiz show?
What are some hilarious Putin and Trump memes?
Is it weird that a father thinks it’s funny that people think he's his daughter’s boyfriend?
What is the funniest thing you have done whilst doing your homework?
What are some of the best excuses made by Ola/Uber drivers in India?
What is the best sounding African language you've come across?
How do I make a girl laugh and smile while texting if I am ugly?
How do I create a meme? With what concept?
What adult jokes did you encounter within a kids movie?
What is it that you find funny that no one else does?
What are the funniest questions you have seen and answered on Quora?
What are some techniques for creating a powerful meme?
Is Mr. Show with Bob and David - "The Story of Everest" episode - the funniest thing in the history of mankind? If not, what is?
What is the best roast you've ever heard?
What is the most funny line you have ever heard from someone?
Why do some people laugh a lot over some stupid silly joke?
So I got bald a few years ago, it's really frustrating when some times people make jokes about this. What to do or how to react?
Why does life feel like a joke?
What was the funniest / weirdest thing that happened to you while travelling in a Delhi Metro rail?
Of all the brilliant jokes in the Discworld series, which is your favourite?
What are the funniest moment you faced in live-in relationship?
What was your funniest moment on Quora?
What are some good April Fool’s pranks to play on anyone?
Why is it that I find jokes about autism funny, when I myself have autism?
What is the best joke you have ever said to your friend?
How can I add humor to a graduation speech?
How would you connect humour and super-geniuses like Grand Master Meyerhof in Jokester written by Isaac Asimov?
What is the funniest picture or meme on your cellphone?
Apart from peeing properly, what would be your main problem if gravity suddenly didn’t exist for a day?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
Can you tell me a time that you actually died?
Would an ape trained in sign language understand basic humor?
Why is it funny to hear the words, “I love you”?
What are the best indicators that you're in the Bible Belt?
What is your opinion on reviving old memes?
What are the funniest photo of mistakes?
What is the interesting/funny side of Canada?
Is Romanian humour similar to (stereotypical) Italian humour (like Lisa Lampanelli)?
What is the funniest or strangest thing that someone has said while under anesthesia during surgery?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
What's the most "Murica" thing you've ever done?
At any time, did you ever feel that you are so unlucky but somehow managed the situation cleverly?
What is something funny I can say to someone when he or she says that my toes are throwing up gang signs?
What is the one joke that made you laugh, at a time that you were sad?
Would you laugh at me for wearing cartoon undies?
What is the best and innovative thing that you have came across in a newspaper?
What are some sarcastic replies with large vocabularies?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
What are some funny questions to ask children?
Is there a term in your language for an "inside joke", and if so, what is it?
Why do the north Europeans have a different sense of humour than the Latins and English?
Which funny business made money?
Why do people use "gay" as a cuss word?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What are some places where I can be heard (some things like TedTalk)?
What is the craziest viral video about China’s Mao revolution?
What is a joke that two prison guards would joke about?
What are some sarcastic replies to sarcastic replies?
If your name is Patrick, how often do people make some joke about a hat trick?
Can you share a funny thing that happened in class?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
What are some hidden funny things in mobile apps?
Who is the most humorous person in India?
What can be done to stop people make jokes on a particular community?
What is the most hilarious painting?
Can a good sense of humor create a better working environment?
Have you ever tried to be humorous in extremely dreadful situations? What were the consequences?
How can I make an audience laugh when hosting?
Which are the wittiest writers you know?
What are some of the funniest means of transportation seen in a drive-thru?
What's your funniest Verbal Judo Story?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
What should I do if she made jokes after I expressed myself?
What are some funny conversations you have with your ex?
Why can't you prank people past noon on April Fool's Day?
What funny things have happened to you because you didn't wear your spectacles?
What is a good short chemistry joke?
What is the last thing that made you laugh so hard you cried?
What are some of the best funny, troll, gag, and memes pages on Instagram?
What are some of the funny and not so funny adventures you've had with your grandparents or grandchildren?
How do the 'Bob's Burgers' writers come up with so many puns?
Do​ crocodiles laugh?
Why are some people not scared at all even if society makes fun of them?
Should people aiming for an IIT have no fun? My dad thinks that I should sit for the next two years and only study and have no fun. Is it true?
What is the best Chandler Bing one-liner that I could use every day?
What is the role of humor in literature?
What are some funny topics to write about?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen your kid do?
What are the funniest things you have seen people do in a seminar?
How are stand up comedy acts done?
What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say that was meant to be serious?
What are some funny team names?
What made you smile today?
Who is the most humble famous athlete you have ever come across?
What are some funny and terrible things Indians do on Quora to gain followers?
Why is insult banned in Germany, when the great stories of Faust and Munchausen are based directly on insulting burlesques?
Why do people make fun of others for physical appearances they have no control of?
What was the funniest moment of the day?
Why are so many Chinese people making fun of Indian democracy?
How do I get over Asian jokes?
How do people who dislike toilet humor, feel when they have to use the toilet, especially defecating?
How do comedians react when people ask them to say something funny?
Who is the funniest person ever?
How does a sense of humor help a person have courage?
Do you also laugh at nearly every question you read on here?
Why can some people easily smile although the story is not funny? For me, it's too hard.
How can I practice being relaxed, funny and not so serious?
What's your favorite joke involving not giving a fuck?
What are some of the best jokes you have heard?
Can you share one of your life experiences that can make us laugh?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
What is a great April fools prank to play on my parents?
What would be a funny question in a TV show?
How does comedy differ from satire?
What are the best jokes? (It can be about anything)
What are the funniest Obama-Biden memes prevaling on the Internet?
What funny remark would you say to someone who asked "why are you always laughing"?
How can I be funnier?
Why do people cross the road when they see me?
What is your elevator story?
How do I give my first stand-up comedy audition?
How do I develop good sense of humour?
What are some of the most hilarious atheist arguments?
What does it say about liberals that if someone in the GOP made homophobic jokes like Colbert does, those jokes would suddenly be offensive?
What are really funny books, plays, or movies that have a male and female for leads (that aren't romantic)?
What was the most ambitious prank ever executed in history?
Why do people pity for a person who meets with an accident but laugh out loud if they slip off?
How do I become a funny, interesting, and talkative person in front of my friends?
Imagine you were the Airbender. Which element would you use to defeat your enemies?
If you took your company's mission statement or job description, and replaced the company name with Borg, what would it look like?
Why do Indians make jokes about engineers?
Why does Nike want everybody to exclusively practice information technology?
Are the people who claim what they said and what they joke about confident in themselves?
Why are milkshakes called milkshakes if they aren't shaken?
Do Chinese people ever make fun of Vietnamese language?
What are some good Google Plus Communities or Collections for adult jokes?
In Friends S07E07, what did Phoebe mean when she said “No, just a regular old flying dwarf”?
What are some great and funny books, like "What If?" and "Surely You Must Be Joking Mr. Feynman"?
What are some serious witty one liners?
What are the differences among satire, sarcasm, irony and dark comedy?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
Why is doing something unusual and extraordinary a joke in India?
How does RCVJ collect photos (not related to movie or any TV program) on Facebook in order to make jokes about them?
What made you laugh hard on Late Night with David Letterman?
When and how did stand up comedy get mainstream attention in India?
Is humour a sign of intelligence?
What stupid dares did you have to do when you were a kid?
Do I need to get vaccinated against rabies if I get a nail scratch from a person receiving antirabies vaccination?
If your current hairstyle was going to be permanent for the rest of your life, would you be happy or not? Why?
What is the greatest/funniest story you've heard or told?
What are some wittiest jokes you've come across in Facebook?
We just passed Tomb-Sweeping Day. Do you have something funny?
Who are your favourite comedians in the world?
Is math funny?
What is the funniest credential you've seen on Quora?
Why do some people have an "aversion" to puns?
What was the craziest prank call you've ever done/received?
What are some humorous poems for elocution?
What's funny, even though you don't want to do it or try to avoid it?
What is your funniest school story?
Which memes are the best/your favorite?
What's your most humorous childhood memory?
If you could make people hear noises that weren't really there, what pranks would you pull for your own amusement?
What is your favorite (funniest, most satisfying) April Fools' joke?
Can you tell me any funny/good/memorable Minor League Baseball stories?
What are the best one liner about rainy weather?
You are given a million dollars through Alien Space Bats but because of that you become a small child. What do you do and how does your family react?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
What's the funniest thing you have ever done with your friends?
What is the funniest insult you've heard in college?
Do you think that English is a funny language?
What are your 'best' science jokes?
What is your favourite meme with a deeper meaning?
What is the rationale behind not encouraging joke answers on Quora?
Why do white people have a better sense of humor, compared to other races?
What is the best song to prank my boyfriend with?
Is it weird that I find atheists funny?
Do you like dickbutts?
What's a mandingan and what makes it funny?
What is your wittiest reply to H. Green's question: What is the most pretentiously serious thing one could possibly do?
What is the funniest thing you said with no regret?
Can a person hide their controlling tendencies through making it a joke or state that they are looking out for you?
What is the most silliest competition you have come across?
Funny guys seem to get loads of girls and get laid easily. How can I learn to be funny like them?
What was the funniest incident that you ever experienced at work involving the British Royal Family?
What is the wittiest/funniest comeback you have ever come up with?
What are the most funny jokes in your country?
What was the most ignorant, stupid, ridiculous thing your teacher has ever said?
What are the best (funny, touching, etc.) incidents in the Delhi Metro?
Why it is so funny to call someone "chutia" (Hindi word)?
What is the funniest traffic stop a cop has ever conducted?
What is the meaning of the meme “first I bang the drum, then I bang your mum”?
How can I grow my sense of humour?
What are some funny ways to mess with people?
Why can’t I have fun?
Can you explain the whole "sleep on the couch" joke?
What is the best joke you have ever had?
How can I increase my sense of humour, if I'm not much good at cracking jokes or laughing at another's joke?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
How do I laugh in tension?
What are the best formal and funny insults?
What's your most outrageous story about April Fool’s day?
What is the dumbest thing you ever asked?
What is a long joke about a bee and a lion?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
What is the stupidest thing you have heard?
Do you ever come across a situation and think this has happened to me earlier also?
How can I keep an inside joke alive with my friend?
What are the best legal senior pranks?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
What did you do when you woke up from anesthesia?
What are some funny farewell titles?
Where can I get biker keytags with witty sayings in Bangalore?
What was the most ridiculous thing that saved you in a dangerous situation?
What's your funniest Odyssey of the Mind story?
What is the funniest question to ask a lady?
What would happen if everything was shaped like corn on a cob?
Do you have a funny, horrific, or any kind of life incident?
How should one create good memes?
I'm doing a YouTube comedic series on the bizarre, funny, and more on Quora. Do you have any suggestions on what topics I should cover?
What are some of the most useful encyclopedia you ever came across?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen, heard of or is online?
What is the funniest southern joke?
Can you share some funny NDA lingoes?
What are some best witty palindromes?
Why is flat-out racism against white people a popular topic in stand-up comedy? What's funny about it?
What is your favourite celebrity nickname?
Is Stand-Up Comedy a good place for taking a date?
Are the countdowns for NASA launches ever funny, or are they always dry and unimaginative?
Why didn’t the Columbine shooters kill more people?
What are some very funny tweets?
How do I give a stand up comedy open mic performance in Bangalore?
How can I resist the temptation of biting the toffee in my mouth?
What is a funny experience you had at the Doctor's office?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
How do I not come across as needy?
What are your most horrible and funniest stories with Google Maps?
While travelling, what has been your weirdest or funniest experience?
What do you think about Tollywood memes?
What are the most unique names you have ever heard aside from mine?
Why do foreigners make jokes about the Indian marriage process?
What are the funniest Black jokes that you have come across?
What is your best celebrity joke?
What is the weirdest thing you heard someone say to themselves, without being aware that someone can hear?
How can a joke-lover download jokes for free?
What are some of the funniest Snapchat reviews you've seen because of its CEO’s “poor India” comment?
Why is Oggy funnier in Hindi?
What are some inspirational or funny quotes that I can use as a status in my WhatsApp?
How can I create hard and funny riddles?
What sex joke that you've made are you least proud of?
Why do we find things funny?
Is Hanie funny?
What if a guy that used to be funny and talkative around you turns quiet around you?
Is it annoying to laugh alot?
What is your funniest jet lag story?
What is the most funny incident you came across?
What are some of the funniest mistakes​ you have seen on Quora?
What is the funniest prank you've ever done or heard of?
What's the best prank call you've ever been the victim of?
What is your favorite meme picture?
What's the most fun thing about being a voice-over artist?
What is the best joke you have ever heard and why?
What's the strangest or funniest story that's ever happened to you?
What makes dark comedy good/funny?
How do I write a funny play?
What’s your favorite joke that others don’t find funny?
What has been the most funniest incident that happened to you as a couple while trying to spice your relationship with your significant other?
If we do ever land on Mars, what do you think should be the funniest first words said?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What are the most annoying advertisements of 2017?
Why do people think Samantha Bee is funny?
What is the most destructive sentence that you ever heard or read?
Is it correct to say "People will need to understand and join in on British humour"?
What is a funny episode happened with you?
Which is the funniest intelligent humor?
Why is it so important that your girl laughs at your jokes?
When did you laugh out last time?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
What is your story of stealing something?
Have any textbook(s) lines made you laugh/smile?
What was the most amusing conversation that you have ever heard?
Have you ever come across someone who looks similar to you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen while driving?
What made you laugh, which really shouldn't have?
Who is the best motivating person you have ever come across in quora?
What is the most intellegent liner?
What is an anecdote or funny story of you or people around you that was caused by a misunderstanding of body language in Greece?
Which state is the butt of all jokes in each country?
Which standup comedy show on Netflix is easy to understand and relate to?
Why are Americans so hilarious?
How do I deal with witty people?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
What are some funny duets?
What is the worst possible joke you can come up with off the top of your head?
What is the best anecdote you have ever heard or read?
Which one-liners shook your heart to the core?
What is a funny incident in your life that happened when no one was around?
Does insecurity affect your humor?
Why shouldn't we look down while crossing the road?
What is the best joke to tell a dentist?
What is the best prank device that helped create most of your pranks?
What are your Chandigarh-related funny experiences?
How does humor or what is interpreted as "funny" differ culturally around the world?
What is the latest success story?
Why do most of my friends copy the way I speak or laugh?
How many dick jokes have you memorized?
What’s the most offensive joke ever?
What are some funny conversations you have with your toddler?
Why do kids, or people in general, laugh when they look at bald people?
What are the funniest jokes?
What made you laugh the hardest in your entire life?
What are the best WWII jokes?
What is the best prank you have ever done?
What are some best YouTube video jokes you ever saw?
What are the best sites about curiosities, scientific facts, strange/weird things and funny things on the internet?
What are some examples of funny malapropisms?
Would anybody tell me a short funny story not more than 200 words?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened in a Model United Nations you have been to?
What are the funniest road sign in your country?
What was the funniest reaction to a message from the enemy by a general?
What are the funniest things that happened to you in combat?
Do you believe Kevin McCarthy was joking about Putin paying Trump in comments he made last June? If so, did you find them funny?
What is the funniest food name you have heard?
Would it be useful if you could watch tomorrow's broadcast of all channels on TV if you lock yourself in a room today and tomorrow also?
Do teachers hold their laughter when a student makes a funny joke or farts?
What makes you laugh or amuses you the most?
What's the best prank you have ever pulled or seen?
What memes are the most popular this year?
What is the most badass thing about laughing so hard that you crap your pants?
What's the best high suspense anti-climactic jokes with no punchline?
What are some lyric pranks I can use on my crush?
Which TV shows are similar to The Office (US) that have humorous comedy?
Which are the funniest x photos you have ever seen?
What are the aspects of survival of humor?
Why is ‘self-made’ considered the dumbest answer in the universe?
What do gay people think about "HAH! GAYYY!"?
What was the most ridiculous thing that happened to you while you were playing a game?
What is the funniest thing that keeps you laughing?
What is the most savage roast you have ever said or encountered?
What's the most useless thing you still have memorized?
Why do people that I don't know just laugh at me or laugh in my face for no reason? Why would someone just randomly laugh at someone they don't know?
What is the video where loads of sheep walk through a town with random goats in between them, and then a donkey comes?
What are some historical facts about choler?
What is the most ironic statement or incident which you have heard or witnessed?
What's the funniest conversation you've had with a telemarketer?
What is the best one liner motivational status for Facebook?
What does the continent of Internet look like?
What if the MCU was grim and dark while the DCEU was lighthearted and humorous?
What are the funniest moments in an Indian cricket dressing room?
What was the best (funniest, weirdest, biggest, etc.) software bug of the past year?
Why are inappropriate jokes so common in the western media?
What is something funny to do in a talent show?
How do people in nudist colonies keep a straight face when they are talking to each other, especially members of the opposite sex?
What is the most sarcastic answer that can be given when a teacher asks, "what took you so long in the toilet"?
What are some short movies clips that can be dubbed in a funny way?
What is the weirdest reason you have gotten in trouble at school?
What are the ways to get English jokes in WhatsApp?
What's the funniest joke you've heard this year?
What are the funniest reimbursement claims you have ever rejected?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to your family?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
Am I too old to start stand-up comedy? I'm 37 years old, should I bother?
What are some of the best puns you know?
What is the "designated" meme about Indians?
What is the translation of this French text? Is it funny for French speakers?
What are the characteristics of a wicked sense of humor?
Is India loosing its humour?
Do you have any interesting spoiler evasion incident?
What are the most funny and idiotic crimes and criminals you've heard about?
Which are the best YouTube channels to improve sense of humour?
What is the funniest thing you have posted on Tumblr?
What happened to the weird outcast at your school who everyone made fun of?
Will memes save a dying world?
What is the silliest rumour you've ever heard?
What's the differerence between insanity and a bad sense of humor?
What is the most ridiculous thing a person has done to get more likes on Instagram?
What is your young age secret which you now laugh at?
What is the most funniest blog you have ever heard?
What are some grammar jokes?
What is the origin of the 'REEEEEEEEEEEEE' meme?
What is funny thing that developer hear from designer?
What is the most weird or funny comment you have ever encountered in source code?
How do I swap/replace a face with another face in a video to make funny memes/videos?
What is the funniest way anyone has ever dealt with a stalker, troll, or scammer?
What is the funniest thing to say when someone asks "why didn't you go to college"?
Were there any great April Fools’ Day pranks from European companies? The pranks that were in the media were mostly from the typical big companies (KFC, Emirates, etc.).
Did you fart and glue it to your seat?
What is the funniest thing you have ever read on Quora? It could be a question, an answer or comment.
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What is a lyric prank?
What is your opinion of the Pepe meme being labeled as hatred? What about the Harambe meme?
What is the best roast you've ever heard or said?
Can you describe the funniest or the stupidest thing you have done, in a single line?
What are some good comebacks for tall jokes?
What are the ugly/hilarious moments you've had or seen in your workplace?
What is humour according to you?
How true is AIB's meme of Quora (apart from being funny)?
What are some innocent/witty answers given by children?
When you're replacing "funny", do you say comical or comedic?
What are some funny old wives stories or conceptions local to your folklore?
What are some funny cold war related pick up lines?
What is the funniest situation you have ever been in/noticed?
How low should my I.Q. be to laugh at Kapil Sharma’s jokes?
Which crossed the road first, the chicken or the egg?
What are the best jokes you have ever come across?
What is the funniest and most common incident in every child's life, whether with his/her family or at school?
What was Sirius's "joke"?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
What are some fun ways to go about or say typically serious things?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
How come what people find funny is cultural?
Why do people make fun of engineers?
What can be the very funny name of a coding team?
What is the secret to making a really good pun?
Where do you find funny things online? How do you search for and consume funny jokes, videos, and images?
What are the most ironic "last words" you have ever heard of?
Why do people find bike accidents funny?
What are some humorous excuses when you are 40 minutes late in class?
Which is your best April Fools’ Day prank?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done or said in front of your teacher?
What are some extremely funny videos?
What was the funniest or weirdest thought that came into your mind while taking the JEE Advanced exam?
What are some good jokes about Washington DC?
What were the Middle Ages like for people who had Tim and Eric's sense of humor?
Why did people develop laughing and having a sense of humor during the evolution process? What are the benefits of having it?
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door who do you let in first?
What's a good April Fool’s prank that my wife will enjoy?
What are some classic jokes in Quora?
What are your funniest texting fails?
Can I start a pranking video channel on YouTube as a creator or producer (but I will not take any part in funny acts in pranks)?
What were some April fools day jokes on Quora?
How much did Seinfeld influence Friends?
Why does sexual humour turn me off?
What's the rarest coin you have ever come across in circulation?
Was William Shakespeare the first person to use “your momma is so fat” joke insults about people's mothers?
How do you feel when the whole class laughs for your joke?
What are some really funny advertisement wars?
What are some absurd name of vegetables you've come across?
What are some ways to practice to become more quick and witty?
What is your absolute favorite meme?
What if a reentry capsule overshot it's original coordinates for landing and managed to land on top of a skyscraper in a city?
What is meta humor?
How do I practice playing with words to improve my sense of humor?
What counts as laughing?
What are some cool/funny/interesting things to ask Google Assistant?
What are the best WhatsApp groups for sharing jokes?
What’s the best joke you know?
How many April Fool’s pranks has Google pulled off to date?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
Who is the funniest politician of India?
What is the most daring prank you have ever played on anyone?
What are some of the best/funniest jokes in bad movies?
What are some things that have gotten INFPs in trouble unintentionally?
Why do we laugh when we hear a joke or see something funny?
If the Voyager probes were sent back to us by aliens, what graffiti on the outside of the ship would be a funny message from them?
What is the most hilarious thing you saw on Quora?
What are some of the funniest leave applications that make you laugh out loud?
What is the funniest reply to 'No one else is the best like me'?
What was the funniest blind date you have been on?
How can I become ironic and tastefully funny?
What's the funniest photo you've seen on the internet?
What are some funny ways to come out as a trans?
Is it bad that I laugh at Nazi and 9/11 jokes?
What is the most funny thing that you have read on Quora?
What are the strangest anecdotes you have heard relating to the Mandella effect?
What kind of jokes are funny in China?
What constitutes a bad meme?
What are the most ridiculous moral panic moments recently?
What are the most funny political incident in Indian political history?
How do you access your sense of humor when your mind feels full of fog and tears?
What are some good resources on understanding the mechanics of humor/comedy?
Which are the funny Hindi sitcoms?
Why do Germanic people (without UK) have a blunt sense of humour usually?
What is the funniest encounter you've had on guard duty?
Is it good to be a funny person?
What is the dippest conversation you have ever heard?
What is the sneakiest thing you've ever done?
Which is your all time favourite joke?
What are some of Ghalib's wittiest lines?
How do girls feel about people cracking friendzone jokes about them?
Do you like dank memes?
Is it bad that I find it amusing to laugh and point at primates in cages?
What are the funniest movies where a nerd helps a jock, and vice versa?
What is the most funniest video you watched?
What are some comedy duet scenes?
How do I stop trying to be funny and trying to fit in as a teen?
What are some of the most creepiest/funniest questions asked on Quora regarding exams?
How do you make a kid laugh?
What are the silliest dangerous things youve done?
Is there such thing as a Trump supporter who is funny?
Do people with Asperger's usually have a "safe" sense of humor or do they usually have a "darker" sense of humor?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
How do you work around different senses of humor with a family member?
What are some funny history jokes?
What is the most common fraction that one comes across every day?
Have you ever actually laughed at a knock-knock joke? If so, what was it?
Is it legally possible to deny a statement made on the 1st April, claiming that it was merely an April fool’s joke?
What are some funny/comedy Kannada old songs?
What is the funniest or most sad example of a faulty assumption someone you have encountered has made?
Is "It's just a prank brah" a reasonable excuse for a really bad joke or inflicted pain?
Is it possible to do Internet memes or jokes about genetics, science, studying, taking exams, college life, etc.?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
What is the funny part of our life?
How many memes are there?
What are the funniest questions on Quora you have come across?
What are some of the inspirational or funny quotes I can use as a status on my WhatsApp?
What are some funny analogies?
What are some memorable or funny things your drill sergeant said?
What are some funny things about famous scientists?
What are some of the best examples of a ‘not my job’ attitude (humour)?
Is Sharknado funny?
There's a joke that I've been telling for years. Thought it was borrowed, but I just googled and it's 100% pure/original. Should I try and sell it?
What could be a good song to prank a guy?
What's the dumbest question you've ever heard?
Why do we laugh when we see someone fall? Is there any scientific investigation/reasoning for that?
How can you describe the purpose of the vitreous humor?
What do Usain Bolt, Ludwig van Beethoven and Madame Hooch have in common?
What are some good eggnog puns?
What are some sad one liners?
What are some of the best witty comebacks to sarcasm?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have ever done to hide that you are attracted to someone?
What are the best places in Karachi for playing pranks on people?
What are some of the funniest April Fool’s funny messages?
Do you have a bad habit of laughing at serious moments and you try hard not to but you end up laughing more?
What is the favorite poetry piece of Trump?
Why do some people dislike stand-up comedy?
Why do liberals often make fun of conservatives but get triggered when people make fun of them?
Why do very old things become memes?
Is this a good April Fools’ prank: https://youtu.be/_iIGMhjNGCc?
...
What was the best prank played on you?
Why did my grandmother say that I know nothing about time just because I was joking around about what time it was?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
How do people differ in enjoying humour?
Who are people I should follow if I want to laugh (with profanity)?
What are the best "You see Ivan" jokes?
Why do we laugh contemptuously?
Can you tell me about the hilarious but emotional incident that took place in your life?
What is the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
Do you have a fail proof way of making someone laugh?
What do you think of fun?
Do you think comedians should be allowed to make jokes on sensitive issues?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
Why do I start laughing for no reason?
When in life can you say, "I am happy” or “I am the happiest person on this planet”?
What is the funniest ad you have seen?
How does a child develop the sense of humour common to their country/area?
Why do most teachers have no sense of humor?
What is the funniest life tip you ever received?
Can any one tell me some funny but harmless pranks for April Fools' Day at school?
What are some fun pranks to play on your limo driver?
Are one-liners from sitcoms, movies, and cartoons copyrighted?
What is a bald, cheesy walrus?
Can you guess how many times you made a sex joke in a week?
Any Indian advertisement that made you laugh?
If you ordered a pizza and the delivery person showed up with a small child instead, what would you do?
Does a narcissist have a natural sense of humor?
What is the funniest workplace joke you've heard or read?
Did you ever fall for Google's April Fools pranks?
Why do we find some jokes funny while other jokes irritating?
Have you ever noticed that obese people are quite full of a sense of humor?
Have you ever been a victim of just for laughs?
What are the best 6th year pranks?
What is the best way to come up with comebacks?
Why do I laugh when I'm in physical pain?
What are the techniques used for Joke Writing?
What are some good books to read in the genre of humour?
What is your favorite sex joke?
What are examples of weird and funny phrases?
What are the best sarcastic replies ever given by a cricketer to media?
If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Is the Women's Charter a Singaporean joke?
What is the corniest saying you have ever heard?
What was the funniest comeback line you have ever said?
Can you bombard me with terrible puns?
God seems like a pretty serious guy. Does any part of the Bible mention him laughing out loud, or perhaps even having a small chuckle?
What is the most ridiculous, funny, weird, or horrible travel experience you have ever had?
Who is who in the Joker's joke in the end of "The Killing Joke"?
What are some of the most amazing one liner motivational quotes?
What would you think, if I answered your/any question with an offensive joke?
What are the top Santa Banta jokes in India?
Is this link funny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
What is your most embarrassing or awkward moment when you said something and immediately realized you shouldn't have said what you just said?
Why don’t wives give a damn about their husbands’ sense of humor?
What are some of the most clever jokes in Rick and Morty?
Who can draw a pic for this pun, “icy you”?
Who is the greatest comedian of all time? Is it Kevin Hart?
Can you give an example of subtle humor?
What are some things that used to make you angry but now make you laugh?
Why do I laugh at people?
Whats the funniest thing you ever seen your mom do?
What kinds of things really make you laugh? Why?
Would a show about a dragon who farts fire be funny and super popular?
If you could make one corporate April fools joke announcement real, which one would it be?
What are some funny things in the southwest?
What is a YouTube channel that shows tech news with humor?
Do you think dihydrogen monoxide should be banned?
Why do some comedians seem to never laugh?
"This mission is a joke!" does it mean the mission is extremely easy or hard?
Who is a person you've ever met who has a great sense of humor?
What are the funniest things that teachers have heard from their students?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
Who has the funniest memes?
Can you tell a joke or funny story that used to bring the house down but now is no longer funny or at least needs explaining?
Which is Al Franken's funniest book?
How can I have more flowing conversations, joke around, etc.?
What if the president pretended to nuke a country as an April fool's prank?
Do Americans understand the very English humour of comedian Harry Hill?
Is there any room for a sense of humor in the military?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
What is a funny part in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
...
How do I start a stand up comedy as a fresher?
What are some of the funniest misheard lyrics (buffalaxed) songs?
How do I have fun?
What is the funniest pickup line you have ever heard?
Who has the best memes? Can you show us?
What type of joke do you hate most?
What is the origin of April Fools’ Day?
What is your funniest boner story?
What is the best joke on cricket that you have ever heard?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
Why is it extremely bad to make jokes about gay people?
What is the meaning of "Aao kabhi haveli pe"? Why is it funny?
What is something you laugh at yourself for?
What is the funniest thing you have seen at a party?
How do I start doing stand-up comedy? I need some pointers.
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
What is your favourite current meme? Why?
How and when was the first joke written?
What are your funniest classroom memories?
How can you tell sarcasm or statements on Quora as a joke?
What is your best joke today?
What are one liner motivation quotes with "I" in them?
What are some popular Suppandi stories and jokes?
What is a funny response when people ask me where I am from, or where my home is?
Does your country have a saying about the British/English? I've heard some funny French ones but curious if there are any others.
What is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube that made you laugh really hard?
What is the most insane and hilarious way for two men to settle a diagreement?
Regarding stand-up comedy, do you have to pay to do an open mic?
What are some funny/interesting things you have observed in Kolkata?
I don't understand the reason why people pull pranks, can someone explain why people do them?
What are some examples of horse puns?
What are some funny incidents that happened in Indian weddings?
What are some of the funniest hypocritical moments you can think of?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have spent a lot of money on?
Who are the funniest teenage Quorans?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
How do I apply for a comedy writing job?
Who are some funny writers on YourQuote?
What April Fool prank ended up costly?
What's the weirdest thing that's ever happened to you when gaming?
What is the most hysterical prank you or someone else has done?
As an actor, how do you make yourself laugh in a believable way?
What was the funniest moment of your life that made you laughed the hardest you have ever laughed?
What are some jokes related to standard operating procedures?
Why is laughing pleasant?
What was the funniest do or die situation that happened to you?
What are some high-class problems?
What if I'm the only person who thinks I'm funny?
What was the origin of narcissist jokes?
What is something incredibly funny you've experienced or seen or heard about?
How do I stop trying hard to be funny?
How does a humour-lover download humour for free?
Why isn't SNL funny anymore?
What are your thoughts about the website 9gag?
Do you have any funny bilingual moment to share?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone do in a store?
How is the 100 day calculation April 29th instead of April 30th?
What is the meme of the month?
What are the best pics you have come across?
What are the funniest things you do without showing anyone?
Do a lot of people find stand up comedy having less effect on them as they age?
What is your least favourite dick joke?
What is that one motivational one-liner that keeps you going when monotony tests your tenacity?
What are some puns for the word "rush"?
What is the greatest short joke you know or have heard?
How can I understand if someone is being bullyied or it's all just jokes?
What is the weirdest laugh you ever heard?
What are the guidelines which enable consistency in wit? What rules should one follow to always have a witty retorsion to sarcasm?
What is the dumbest thing you heard a liberal say?
What is the lamest thing you ever heard from someone who has a higher position than you?
What is the best “the bass dropped harder than…” joke you have ever come across?
Is the Everyday Feminism magazine a joke?
A Dothraki and a Wildling walk into a bar. How does the rest of the joke go?
What is the funniest thing you have come across while at the gym?
What's the weirdest thing that happens in your school?
In psychology, why do others make fun of passionate people?
Can you be sarcastic?
Is sarcasm the best form of comedy?
What is the best line you ever heard/read in your life?
What is the worst/funniest thing in this world?
What is your most pointless but amusing fact?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What are some of the most funny facts about Bengalis?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
What are some of the funniest times you have laughed when you shouldn't have laughed?
What is the best short story you have ever heard?
Is a sense of humor and being witty a form of intelligence?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
What is the stupidest way you have ever been introduced?
What does it mean when most of my best GFs always joke that they want my man if I ever pass away? Do other women experience this? Whats the context?
Is there a site where I can share a very offensive but funny collection of stories? Most sites reject extremely offensive writing.
Do you think it's important for people to laugh?
What is it like to be the funny person in a group?
What is the funniest, weirdest, or best band name, in your opinion?
How can you make an awkward conversation even more awkward?
Can you make some memes about Quora?
What are good lyrics prank for you to prank your friends while you are just 13 years old?
Who was your most funny girl friend?
What is the best funny picture/image you have ever seen?
Is anyone interested to join our startup as a blog / article writer?
What would you do if someone has called you a pedophile as a joke?
What are the differences and similarities between comedy and philosophy?
Why can't Indians take jokes?
What are some funny things I can say to subtly confuse people?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
Do Royal Navy submarines always torpedo whales that they encounter, or only if they're attacked?
What is the source of WhatsApp jokes?
What lyric prank shall I do on my sister?
Is there any humor or comics about WordPress themes, plugins, or development; or WordPress culture in general?
Which are the best teacher-student jokes?
What are some things military people find funny but civilians don't understand? For example, they find incorrect salutes in movies quite amusing.
How do I give a funny, decent answer to 'how was your holiday/day?' when it wasn't much (it was dull and mundane)?
What is the most ridiculous crowdfunding campains you have ever seen or heard of?
If a public "prankster" pranks you, are you allowed to harm them?
Where can I find long funny jokes in English or Hindi?
Would "Finding Hoarders" be a better title than "American Pickers"?
Why does my man laugh at uncomfortable times?
What are some good shower pranks?
Is there a successor to Don Rickles or did his brand of insult humor die with him?
What is the price you've paid for being sarcastic?
How do I become funny like Kenny Sebastian?
What are some bad, yet hilarious, puns?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
Can I get arrested for one prank call, no threats just plain fun from the ownage pranks app?
What is one joke that has never gotten old?
If you were to do a spoof on Trump and Alice and Wonderland, what would it look like?
How should one develop humour and also keep improving at it?
Should I pull a joke on my sister?
What are some crazy funny airplanes?
Why is Patton Oswalt such an unfunny hack?
What is the weirdest or funniest thing to happen to you while travelling in Kolkata Metro?
When was a time you walked into a room, saw something, then turned right around and walked away?
What are some of the best aao kabhi haveli pe memes you have seen?
Why is Toontown fun?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What was your best (worst) face-to-palm moment in Quora, ever?
What is the best/funniest graph you've ever found/made?
Are the jokes on stereotypical Indian moms examples of casual sexism?
How do you improve sense of humor?
What are the funniest internet reviews you've ever found about Haribo sugar-free gummy bears?
How can you describe the purpose of aqueous humor?
How do you deliver a joke to maximize humor?
How do men feel when their partners have a better sense of humor than they do?
Should Quora let us tag a funny answer so we can find a good laugh when we need one?
What are some funny, clean, blonde jokes?
What is the best joke in Norway about the Swedes?
How can I get someone to get 8 detentions in the most humiliating way possible?
What is your funniest HoI4 Millennium Dawn experience?
How do you make failing funny?
Do Americans find British humour funny?
Is it possible for an atheist vegan who does crossfit to go 10 minutes without telling someone about it?
What is a witty response that can be used against nearly any insult?
Why maximum jokes are on wife only. She is most important but still jokes, why?
What are some great sense of humour you came across?
Why are jokes immune to plagiarism? We don't cite the source of a joke, and the creators don't get credit. Yet, it was authored just like prose.
If Devdas and Chunnilal were in Bihar today, who would have lived or died because of the liquor ban?
What is the funniest reply to this question, “Why would you kill yourself for another person”?
What is your favorite joke to tell at parties?
Why are memes so popular?
What is the funniest medical emergency you've ever heard of?
What was the luckiest case in your life?
What is a hilariously random fact?
Have you ever been pranked by a stranger?
What are some funny names for a girl’s/guy’s private parts?
When was a time that you farted and blamed someone else, or vice versa?
Who is the weirdest person you've ever seen?
Why are Indian YouTubers just selling sex in the name of pranks?
Is Seth Myers large number of jokes on Eric Trump just a bit or do they have some history?
Why do people make fun of crocs?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Why do I laugh at my own pain?
How do memes compare to the political cartoons of past eras?
What are some good junior/senior was pranks to do to a house?
Why do girls or female friends say "tell me a funny story"? What is the purpose behind this?
Is there a formula for humor?
Which is the most entertaining, happiest song you’ve ever listened to in your life?
What is the best quip you've ever heard/made?
Should I gather sufficient experience in life before writing smart and humorous answers on Quora?
What are the funniest yet logical quotes Chanakya must have written in his rough copy?
What are your own funniest answers on Quora?
What is the funniest phobia you have ever heard of?
What are some hilarious jokes about chemistry?
What is the one thing that you will never learn?
What makes for the funniest PowerPoint you've seen and why was it so humorous?
Why aren't Liz Lemon's dealbreakers a part of Quora?
What is your funniest story about when you ran away to escape an earthquake that was coming to hit your home?
Is the song "Little Talks" supposed to be ironic when played during "Kilmeade & Friends?"
How do I respond when someone makes a joke like 'You owe me' and asks me to buy them coffee?
How can you attract women when you don't have a sense of humour?
Recently, what movie in the Tamil language or any other language has made you laugh like you haven’t laughed in a long time?
Which are some of the funniest maps?
What are the funniest bot jokes on Quora?
If a group of necrophiliacs walked up on a mob of zombies, who would be chasing who?
Is "howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com" a "real" page? Or is it a joke?
What were some unexpected and hilarious moments during wars?
What is a curb in a road cross-section?
What was the dumbest thing a college student has ever done?
What was the funny conversation happened in your college laboratories?
What are some hilarious comments on Facebook?
How do I better understand sarcasm?
When something sensible is being joked or mocked about, should I laugh or be upset?
Would the tattoo in the photo make people laugh but also disgust them?
What are some funny things to whisper?
How do I deal with a person with an extreme sense of humour?
How do I be more naturally funny?
What are some of the worst/funniest/most ridiculous edit suggestions you've gotten?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you or someone else while playing the drums?
What are the funniest answers you have gotten/given to serious questions in programming interviews?
What's the weirdest thing you ever heard your baby say when speaking gibberish?
What's the funniest photoshopped image you've seen?
How do I formulate a joke quickly and hilariously?
What is the worst April Fools’ joke you ever played on someone?
What is the funniest thing you saw your sibling(s) saying?
Which is the most hilarious website on the Internet?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are good Trump jokes lately?
What are some Dat Boi memes?
What are the most funny driver’s license photos?
Whats the dumbest thing you have heard a conservative say?
What is the best commit message/comment that you have ever encountered?
What is the most epic senior prank you have ever been a part of?
Do you think people saying "triggered" as a joke is funny?
What is the funniest thing you've said to someone trying to convert you?
What is the dumbest rumor you've heard about yourself?
How did Tobu make the "Such Fun" sounds?
What is the funniest, most absurd excuse for not turning in a project you have ever heard?
Where do you draw the line between “it's just a prank” and going too far?
Is a sense of humour a product of nature or nurture?
What is the funniest and most underrated movie ever?
What are some funny and logical answers during an IT interview?
What are some of the funniest things someone has done that keeps you laughing (clean topics only please)?
What are the best "computer guy" jokes you want to share?
What do you think of Grant Morrison's killing joke theory?
What are the funniest blogs of 2017?
Could God have a sense of humor?
What are some nice and funny questions to ask your girlfriend?
What are some of the best comeback lines you have ever said?
What are some jokes about engineers?
What is the best joke you have seen or heard in your whole life?
Why don't we come across people with names Draupadi, Yudhistir, or Vibhishan?
Do you have any puns you want to share with us?
What's the funniest bad joke you know?
Whats the weirdest word you've ever had to teach a foreign exchange atudent?
What are the funniest or most sarcastic answers teachers have ever received?
What is a great last minute April fool's prank for flatmates?
Can you write a humorous story that ends with "and nobody dared to speak out as he walked away"?
What is the funniest thing someone said to your teacher?
How can I convince my mind to handle bad things in a funny way?
What is the most ridiculous punishment a teacher has ever given for something minor?
Have you ever pulled a prank on anyone? Any funny stories that you could share?
What are the most funny essay titles?
What is the funniest name you have ever given to a teacher?
What are some best one liners one can come up with when someone taunts that"you are really short"?
Which is the best prank you did in college?
What are some of your favourite or funniest memories as a member of a marching band?
What do people think of short, witty answers?
What is the weird and funny thing about yourself?
What's the funniest thing a woman did or said that turned you on to her?
What is the funniest joke, so that I may die due to laughter?
When I should use my Sense of Humour?
Is it possible to make a funny story in Quora?
What was the most funny/interesting/crazy thing you've done when bored?
What is the exact word in English that can be used to describe a scene that makes me laugh in comedy?
Which is the funniest ever Jargon/Leitmotif you have heard?
Teachers: Who was the dumbest cheater you've ever seen?
Which book includes genuine and real story line, dark humor, motivation and some useful quality stuff?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What is the best joke you have ever heard or made in your life?
Do you think people are becoming less humorous in India?
What is the kinkiest joke you ever made?
What other Quorans make good dick jokes?
Would you like to post any funny story about a pair of shoes?
What are three clean jokes that everyone must know?
What’s your best clean joke about making love?
Is laughing because you think something is funny an emotion?
What is the best nickname you have come across online?
What was the most stupid/hilarious/screw up moments that you experienced in a lab?
What are funny games for a fairwell party?
What was the weirdest YouTube comment conversation you've ever seen?
What did ancient doctors do and believe that we find very funny today?
Who is the funiest man of India?
Can you tell me a real life story that will make me laugh?
What are some of the best Balaji Vishwanathan memes?
What was the most funny experiences you had due to 'autocowrong'?
What are some French jokes?
What is the best/funniest Kahoot nickname you've ever seen or had?
What ways can you make random people laugh?
What's the best counter-joke you have heard or seen?
Photos which prove that having kids can be seriously fun ?
What were some comedy highlights of/ tributes for NZ/Australian comedy legend John Clarke, who died in April 2017?
What are some short jokes that make you laugh?
How come you never hear of a combobulated, gruntled, ruly, or peccable person?
What are some good stand up comedy acts?
Why doesn't our solar system have a name? If you could give it a name, what would it be? Funny or serious answers are permitted.
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What’s the most humorous conversation you've had or heard?
What are some techinques to compose funny Shaayaris in Hindi?
It's a proven fact that crows communicate and have a language, but what are the chances that they have jokes or humor and possibly laugh like humans do?
Whar are some funny or clever ways you have dealt with bothersome neighbors?
What is the funniest or worst recommendation letter you have ever seen?
What is the most ridiculous thing anyone said to you?
What's the funniest thing someone has said whilst under the influence of anaesthetic or morphine?
Is it alright for a person to try stand up comedy even if he's not able to make people around him laugh?
Why do puns exist?
Can you post the first and fifth pictures in your mobile and tell the made up connection between them?
Is there a correlation between humour and traumatic events one has been through?
Can cheeseburgers laugh and sing?
Do you have a funny original story that I can add to my stand-up comedy show ?
What is the funniest joke you've read or seen?
Why does everyone laugh when something is funny, even babies? Is this an innate reflex? Why?
What are the funniest Malayalam memes you've ever seen?
What are the most seductive pics you have seen?
What are the worst retail customer jokes that staff are tired of hearing?
Can somebody share some funny break up story?
What is the most sexist thing you have heard as a women or a girl child?
What are some of the most idiotic beliefs that you have come across?
What is the best joke you recall hearing?
What is a good best friend lyric prank?
What are funny questions about you that your best friend should know?
Are there funny photos on banking?
What are funny speeches given by Digvijay Singh?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
How should I make friends since everyone in my class does not have the same sense of humour as me?
Do you have any funny Envirothon stories?
What is the funniest non-English accent you have ever heard?
What is the single most hilarious joke ever said/made?
What are some funny embarrassing secrets?
Can you crack a quick joke on social media?
Are memes legal?
What is Russian humor?
What is the stupidest/weirdest/most distinctive name for a town you've heard of?
Are women less funny than men?
Who said the line "Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya"?
How can I turn a picture of my friend into a viral meme?
What are examples of jokes and riddles for adults?
Why are Laffy Taffy jokes so bad?
What's the funniest Quora glitch you've seen?
Why do people think Amy Schumer is funny?
What is the cutest thing your partner has done to make you laugh when you were mad at him/her?
How do I easily make memes formatted like memes shown in iFunny?
When did you realise that you are dumb?
I don't want my question merged. What is your favorite joke?
How do you react when people don't get your sarcasm?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
What are some humor and joke related AI projects (AI that writes jokes)?
Can you come up with a joke on the latest trend (kids, men, and legends)?
What is the funniest failure you've ever seen?
Why do people laugh at my ideas?
Is there any comeback or reply to Bania jokes?
What are some cultures that do not have humour as part of their daily lives?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've bought online?
Who was the most amusing ,Winston Churchill or Zsa Zsa Gabor, for quotes and witty one liners?
How can we define humor?
Are Roman Atwood’s Killing My Own Kid pranks staged?
What's the funniest thing that has happened to you during your school days?
Is there any funny incident which made you cry even though it wasn't serious at all?
Can you make some jokes that will make me cooler among my friends?
If you could play a practical joke on Donald Trump, what would it be?
What are some funny facts about Hyderabad?
What are some funniest and stupidest questions asked here on Quora?
Why do I find death funny?
Why did normies report Intergalactic Burnik?
Are silent slapstick scenes in comedy films out of date? Will people sit through 3-5 minutes of physical hijinks tossed into a dialog driven film?
Can you ever find a girlfriend if you are not funny?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
Why do people think that comedians are naturally funny when they have writers that create their jokes and then test them on audiences?
What if you are no more fun to have with?
What's the most offensive/dank meme you've ever seen?
What kind of mainstream humor do you find loathsome?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
Why is Dave Chappelle funny?
How can I stop being cringy and funny as a teenager in high school?
What type of jokes do women prefer?
What is the easiest way to develop your sense of humor?
What is the funniest question you can think of to ask your teacher?
What are some humorous Sean Kernan answers?
What is the funniest act you have ever witnessed?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
How do I stop being cringy/trying to be funny?
How do I play a prank on a friend using an iPhone?
Does being funny have anything to do with intelligence?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
What was the biggest facepalm moment of your life?
Where is the best place to find memes?
What was it like to know someone who had no sense of humour?
Sometimes, my joking comments are met with silence, but then, someone else makes the same comment and gets a laugh. Do I have terrible joke delivery?
What are some clever/witty physics quotes to put on a tie?
What's the stupidest or weirdest thing that a teacher you know has said or done?
What's your favorite one-liner joke?
What are some of the most ridiculous comments you've had on your answers?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever said in your life?
What kind of jokes would a fan of absurdist comedy produce?
What is the best joke you have heard in your lifetime?
What was the most hilarious reaction you received when you offered someone God’s message?
What was the craziest, funniest cat call you ever received?
What are some awkward or funny incidents you faced with Indian police?
Are there really people with no sense of humour?
What was the most misheard conversation you ever had?
What is the naughtiest prank you have ever done?
What is the funniest skit or standup that you've ever seen?
What are some funny jokes about periods?
What is the wackiest YouTube video you have ever seen?
What​ is the most embarrassing yet funny moments that only happens in India?
Where can I find a video of a typical jerk’s behavior? I'm curious and find this funny.
What are some cute and funny short stories?
Are there a lot of funny people in Berlin?
What is the most hilarious YouTube poop?
If sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, what are the higher forms?
What is the relationship between black humour and intelligence?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
Is the idea of an Alternate Left a joke?
What is the worst reason for a breakup you have ever heard?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
Have you ever pranked someone with wasabi?
I don't know where to stop things when they aren't funny anymore . How can I work on this?
Can any RJ (Radio Jockey) share some funny incidents that took place during your shows?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
What is, in your opinion, the worst meme of all time?
What is the best April Fool’s prank you have ever played?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Why do normies ruin the good memes?
Why are some people shaped funny than others?
What type of sense of humor does Athena Walker have?
What is the funniest weapon you've seen that still does it's job?
In your opinion, what is the dankest meme of all time?
Which is your favorite adult joke?
What are some of the funniest quotes like ‘Hell is empty, and the devil is here’?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
Is someone willing to buy, or is looking out for, a database on sarcastic voices for sarcasm detection in speech?
How does one determine the dankness of a meme?
Is the Maury show real? It looks like a joke.
What is the funniest insult you have heard/overheard in your school/workplace?
What was weird about the line in Seinfeld "the panties your mother laid out for you"?
Does Buddhists and Hindus have a sense of humor?
Who likes puns?
What did people do for fun in the 1960?
How do I stop being cringy and trying to be funny as a teenager?
Culturally speaking, what are some of silliest things you have heard?
What is the single greatest anti joke of all time?
What is your funny story related to condom in India?
What are some good examples of black humor without discriminating any minorities?
What jokes or scenes on The Golden Girls did you not understand until you were older?
What are some good website with humorous / comedy short stories?
What is the worst excuse given by anyone?
Is there any difference between anti-sentimental comedy and farce?
Why do we tend to laugh while lying in a joke way?
What's the funniest rap you've heard or made and deserves attention?
How do people make music memes?
What was the weirdest way you befriended somebody?
Can being funny and making your doctor laugh be a problem for psychotherapy?
What are some good comebacks to always have on hand?
You can take two country's names and combine them, which combination do you find the funniest?
Is a joke still a joke if you have to point to it and say, "This is a joke" for people to get that it is a joke, and/or get the joke itself?
Why doesn't DC make their movies with more substance, and why can't they add some more humor?
Which is the funniest comedy sitcom today?
What’s a career in comedy like?
What are examples of hilarious birthday quotes?
Can robots be trained to laugh?
Can you tell me an extremely dark joke?
What is your favourite dirty joke?
What are examples of successful (not fatal to people using) humor under tyrannies throughout human history?
What was the most insulting joke Don Rickles made, and to whom?
What are the funniest and weirdest cases lodged in Indian court?
Where is Laughing Jack now?
Is humour considered appropriate in a business setting?
What are the funny trends in tribes?
Do you know any funny person?
What are some of the most humorous advertisements?
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
What are some funny things a non-native speaker have attempted to say to you in your language?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
Where is the best place that I can find funny, trending memes such as Cat in the Hat or SpongeBob Chicken?
What are the truth and realities behind sarcasm and being sarcastic that most from either sides are unaware of?
What are some funny pranks?
How is Bhuvan Bam funny?
What are the best one-liners about countries?
What was the most funny thing happened in your life?
How do I practice writing jokes?
Are puns an example of British humor or American humor?
What are the funny situation which through we go during college life?
What is the weirdest outfit that you have seen?
What are some of the funniest reactions to frustrating video game moments?
What are some good satire ideas?
What are all the puns that could be made as names for Vietnamese restaurants?
How did you get away with stealing stuff?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen/done/overheard?
Several months ago you posted a great joke about religious intolerance. Will you repost it or give me a reference?
What are some good and funny documentary ideas?
What is the best political joke you've heard today?
What could be a few cute and charming one liners one could say when somene's leaving?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
What makes a good pun?
What can be some funny answers to the question "What are yu doing?"?
What are some funny humour?
What's the best way to respond to a transphobic joke in the workplace?
What is the most interesting law you've heard of?
Which one movie scene made you laugh out loud?
What are some weirdest Chinese food you have ever seen?
What are the greatest April fool incidents?
What are the most ridiculous things about religion?
What is a question which would make people laugh?
Which comedy shows of the past have aged well - and which haven't?
What would you do if someone prank called you?
What are some funny things your Australian dad says?
Why are the Indian stand up comedians condemned for their content (even if it's good)? Why don’t Indian people take it as humor and why do they get offended?
What was the silliest question you found on Quora most recently?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever done while high?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
What are the best crazy and funny things to do outdoors with a girl I love without spending any money?
What are some funny election speeches?
A personality assessment where a person has to choose between a pair of jokes?
How do I keep from laughing?
Why are memes so common on the internet?
What are some good jokes to tell when hosting a talent show?
What is your favorite B.A.P meme?
What's with the sudden hype about sarcasm and everyone saying they are sarcastic even when they are not?
I can make people smile and laugh. Will you consider this adorable?
What are photos that prove that having kids can be seriously fun?
What are some slang terms for making someone laugh by making fun of them?
What are some funny, witty jokes about historians?
What is the funniest car you have ever seen?
What is the most influential punch line you have ever heard? (Something which boosted up your spirits.)
Is there any incident in your life which made you laugh for more than 5 minutes?
What is your favourite "she was only a profession's daughter but…" joke?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your girlfriend?
What is one Yo Momma Joke that would shut your friends up?
What are the funniest trekking/ camping stories you have?
What should I do if some strangers laughs at me?
What is the weirdest thing a girl has ever asked you?
What things made you good at csgo?
What is more important for a woman: muscular body or humor?
What is your family joke?
Do you know any weird and/or funny programming terminologies (e.g., monkey patching, Yoda conditions)?
Is it too late to start doing stand-up comedy in your mid-40s?
Is Natalie Muresan a meme?
What is the most ridiculous phishing email you've heard work?
What is the funniest thing you have done in school?
What are one liners called?
Is love just a funny joke/game to narcissists?
What was your weirdest/funniest dream?
What is the funniest thing a border patrol has said to you?
What is an Australian sense of humor?
What is your favorite example of something that can only be understood by knowing memes?
What are the funny things you have ever seen/noticed while waiting at the red signal or during traffic?
What was the funniest comic that you've ever read?
What are the qualities which make a good sense of humour?
What are some of the best memes, be they picture or video, that you know?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do narcissists have a good sense of humour?
Is having the same sense of humour as the person you are dating crucial to the success of the relationship?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
Does anybody have a good pun?
What are the funniest breakups ever?
Why do guys think that girls can't be gross and funny?
What are the topics for stand up comedy?
What are the strangest and funniest misconceptions about India?
What would be the strategy made when your batch just want to forcefully make you laugh while giving presentation for the sole purpose of gaining fun?
What was your most embarrassing yet funny moment of your school life?
What jokes have you heard about American politicians?
What is the dumbest thing you have seen/heard?
What is the funniest thing that happened at a relative’s wedding?
What is the funniest tweet of 2017 so far?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard at school?
Why do people not laugh at your jokes at times?
What would happen, if for one day all normal ads were replaced by pornographic ads?
Whats the dumbest thing you have done for a guy?
Can you give me some funny or sarcastic answers?
What is the funniest (or weirdest) thing that has happened to you while travelling on a Mumbai local train?
Is there a word for the circumstance when you force yourself to laugh even though your freind's joke is not funny at all?
What is your go to fun fact?
Is it ok to be a little casual in interviews and show some sense of humour?
Is humour essential to attracting women?
Is it important to bring the humor in our life if we want to develop our sense of humor?
What is the best funny video you know?
What did Matthew Perry mean by his peach-head joke?
Does Mitch McConnell have a sense of humor about his comparison photos to turtles?
Do doctors and biologists joke on each other the same way engineers and physicists do?
Why are there more dick jokes than vagina jokes?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
What are some examples of thinking jokes and riddles?
How can I make jokes in English and add humor in the conversation with foreign friends? Sometimes, I just don't know how to make friends with foreigners.
What is the most ridiculous conversation you've ever had?
If you clean a vacuum cleaner, do you become the vacuum cleaner?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What is the funniest thing you saw on the internet?
What are some best one-liners of Ross Geller?
What does it mean when you think car crash videos are funny?
Why do some people use “lol” as their immediate expression for any joke?
What is my son talking about when he says "dank memes"? Is this some new drug?
What modern technology would you troll ancient history with?
Why isn't anything actually funny?
Why are Sikhs stereotyped and made fun of, as Sardarji jokes?
Who is the funniest teacher you have had?
Why is it fate if a woman laughs?
What's the craziest prank you can think of to pull on a teacher?
Is there a "Nazi humour"?
What is the most incredible lie you ever heard?
What's the dumbest comment you've ever heard on a national sports broadcast?
What are some of the best "Brace Yourself" memes?
Is the assumption that people who work in tech and code are more humorous correct?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or someone you know in a middle school Spanish class?
What are the funny topics for English speech?
Why do South Indians think Holi is a funny festival?
What are the funniest tweets have you ever seen?
What are some good things happen to you during drinking at Bar?
Are clowns awesome or scary? Why?
Which are the best April Fools Day prank, share them
Has anyone (beside myself) made jokes as they were preparing for surgery?
What kind of joke does the picture below convey?
What funny stories have you got about you, your friends or your family?
How addictive is Quora?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a budgerigar, or a parrot say?
What needs to be done to skydive into your school as a senior prank?
Is a funny interpretation of high arts a Philistinism?
What is the best letter you have written to anyone or come across?
What has been your funniest experience/encounter in a lift?
What is the funniest thing you have misunderstood?
Why are there so many jokes about South Delhi & the people living there?
How can I get 1,000 subscribers to my comedy channel if I don't want to do non-vegetarian jokes?
Can you give me some examples of the Australian sense of humor?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen on the internet?
What are your opinions on Norwegian King's Guard appointing a penguin as its Colonel-in-Chief?
Which books are a must-read once in your lifetime?
How do I sound funny? I know jokes, I have humourous content for myself, but whenever I try to present it, it never sounds funny.
What type of sense of humor do doctors have?
What are some of the WhatsApp hoax that people are forwarding, believing it to be true?
What are some of the best (worst) jokes and riddles?
Can insults make a person laugh?
Why are they laughing at me even though I'm not trying to make them laugh?
How​ do I develop sense of humour which can work for boys as well as girls?
What should I do about ridiculous doubts that I have?
What are the advantages of dark humor (joking about race, death, disease and other serious/taboo matters)?
What are some things that foreigners do or say in the US that are hilarious or stupid?
What are some funny websites that are good to visit?
What was the funniest thing you ever witnessed in your senior year at high school?
How do I come up with a good corny one liner?
What is the best/worst Bioscience you have ever heard?
What are the natal chart aspects that indicates a person has a good sense of humor?
What is the funniest Department of Motor Vehicles experience you have had?
What is the meaning of “nutty as a fruitcake”? Can I use it in a funny way?
What is morbid humor, and what are some examples?
What is your funniest, craziest, and (yes) best cat story you have?
Who's name do you think is perfect for them? Why?
What kind of funny clients do you find in brothels?
What is the funniest thing that you have read on Quora?
What is the difference between silly and humorous?
What is the purpose of a corny one liner?
What are some funny rules of life?
What is the most hilariously bad thing you have read?
What is the funniest experience you had in high school?
What's the most ridiculous thing you ever said while having sex?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been asked about computers?
Where would you spend money if Arvind Kejriwal decided to share his 2 crore with you?
Is it a good idea to start a stand-up comedy club in Chandigarh?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What was so funny about the Joker's joke in "The Killing Joke" that made Batman laugh? Isn't it an old joke?
Have psychopaths ever been in a prank video without knowing it? If yes, how did they react?
Is it bad my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What are some jokes you know?
How can I make a funny prank video?
What is your 'Forgot to Mute' story during a call?
What happened to Pat Cassels from CollegeHumor?
What are some things only Kenyans do?
What is the farthest you've ever gone for the sake of a joke?
Which is the correct form, "more funny" or "more funnier"?
What are some funny dirty jokes you can tell at an office party?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
Why are you laughing?
Does it indeed hurt the ego and feelings of the rare talented young men in underdeveloped countries when some lunatic makes nonsense jokes about them?
What is a bar joke with the words bee and owl?
It is possible to censor people for making fun of a handicap? Such as dyslexia?
What are the best Hindi nonveg jokes?
Which is the most stupidest question that had funniest answer you came across on Quora?
What is your proudest prank story?
Is prank calling illegal in Canada?
I had this narcissistic friend that after a while was using my slang and sayings and tried to have the same sense of humor as me. Why is that?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
Is attending a fun park really funny?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
Why do people laugh when they see people with some defect? People laugh at me because I have severe acne scars.
What are some stupid jokes?
What's the funniest story about your wedding?
What is the"meme font"?
Why would a girl make a stupid joke after looking at my bare chest?
How can I improve puns?
What are some of the best witty comments?
What are some of the funniest interactions you've had with complete strangers?
What is your funniest moment of being tired in the morning?
What are some risqué jokes that are hilarious?
What is the biggest misunderstanding yet funny situation you've ever been?
What was your funniest interview answer, where the interviewer immediately asked you to leave ?
How can you report prank calls?
How can you know if someone is not worthy of sarcasm?
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
What is the most memorable high school prank you were a part of?
What is the best joke you have ever heared
What are the best puns/word-plays?
What is the most interesting question on Quora you have came across?
Where can I sell my dark humor?
What do you joke about?
How would you describe or like the funny Vines compilations?
What are some ways to prime yourself to enjoy watching stand up comedy on TV?
Do people in Texas find it funny/annoying when non-Texans say "yee-haw"?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
Is living in a country where the President has made fun of a disabled person as hilarious as it sounds?
What’s the difference between wise and witty?
What are the wittiest replies to "I add the fun in dysfunctional"?
Can you make me laugh in 30 seconds?
Have you ever turned a joke around on someone?
What is the weirdest thing someone​ has done while sleepwalking?
What weird/funny thing have you heard from Indian spiritual leaders, Babas or monks?
What was the tallest top hat ever worn in the 1800s that was neither intended as a joke nor taken as a joke/attracted any undue attention?
What are the funniest mistake ever?
What is the funniest/most unreasonable request you've had from a client?
Why is "We Are Number One" a meme?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
Is Bil Stachour still on Quora. I miss his insightful and humorous answers.
What amazing things can I do funny at home?
Has anyone came across people who are "KENSAR" to the society?
What is the funniest thing you did at a mall?
Why did I recently laugh out loud in my sleep?
Why is Kevin McCarthy's joke about Russian payments to Trump not funny?
What should I do if Imperial Stormtroopers show up at my door exhausted and demand to crash overnight?
What are your funniest memories of the late Don Rickles?
In what ways can I make a stranger laugh?
Why are memes created about Dora and Bheem?
Will I fall for my ex? She is funny, sexy, smart, and we are very much compatible. I had fallen out of love.
What signs do you give when you’re being sarcastic?
What's a funny way to die?
How is Nehrik Umashankar able to make so many hilarious jokes?
What is your favorite The Far Side comic and why?
Just like Raga jokes are a political mockery of Congress by the NDA, were the Sardar jokes a political mockery of the Khalistani Sikhs by the Congress?
Is it ok to gain attention or to act like a super humorous person by insulting someone in front of everybody?
What you feel about Life in BOM"BAE"?
What kind of jokes are there between 葡萄 and 葡萄牙?
Who are the most overrated standup comedians of all time?
What are examples of humorous proverbs?
Why can't I tolerate a single funny comment regarding me or my actions or performance?
Do you have a weird sense of humour that nobody understands but you?
How do you stop struggling to find things funny?
What's the most shocking thing you've heard your own child say?
What was the nastiest prank that was ever done on you?
What are some jokes about psychoanalysis?
What's the worst prank you've played on your family?
What is the dumbest thing your teacher has done?
How can I develop a witty sense of humour?
Why does my boyfriend laugh at inappropriate times?
When was the last time you burst into laughter?
What is a "funny turn" in British English?
What is the best DYAC (Damn You Auto Correct) moment you ever had or seen?
Why are most English jokes based on nerdy scientific facts?
What are the most funniest photos you've seen ever?
Why do we feel nice when we make someone laugh?
Why do people think it's ok to make fun of Christianity but not Islam?
What is the funniest restaurant experience you've ever had?
What is the funniest thing you've done after getting drunk?
What are some funny skits on IT industry?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you while traveling in a Mumbai Metro?
What are some epic Twitter replies you came across?
What are the absolute best Twitter roasts you have ever seen?
What are the best April Fools’ jokes to play on your kids? What ages would "get it"?
What is some of the darkest humor around?
What are some of the funniest events that took place in history?
What was a time you laughed so hard you peed on yourself?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
Why is there no question paper called “joke”?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
What is your favorite science joke?
When we laugh out of embarrassment do we release energy?
What is the strangest, funniest, or most interesting thing you have ever seen at a wedding?
What is the lamest reason one has ever given for committing sucide that you have ever heard?
What was the funniest corporate meeting you've ever attended to?
What was the funnest line you unexpectedly heard from a stranger?
What makes someone funny?
What are some good pranks to pull on your older brother?
Why don't I find anything truly funny?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you today?
What is the best joke you have ever heard, or faced, in your life?
What's the most ridiculous 'job' a person has ever been paid for?
Have you ever asked a question to a shop assistant and been misheard leading to a funny situation?
How good is Know Your Meme as a source?
Have you ever been prank called? What is your story?
What is the biggest and the funniest/most interesting plot twist that you have heard or encountered?
What is the funniest WhatsApp forward you have recieved?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
As a doctor or psycaitrist, what are the strangest or funniest stories that patients have told you?
Is God the stupidest thing man ever created?
What are some simple well known phrases you find funny for no reason?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
What are some of the most hilariously ironic photos you've ever seen?
How do I smile when a joke is even not funny?
How do I become good at dank memes?
What are the meanest pranks you have ever seen on video?
What are some funny things or behaviors you see in office culture?
I believe that using "ao kabhi haveli pe" jokes are offensive towards women due to the nature of the reference. What are your thoughts? I want to share the answers on Facebook.
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
What is the best Roman history meme that you can remember/create?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you can make up right now?
What are the funniest moments when a Pakistani cricketer tried to speak English?
Why does it seem that western expats in China tend to become humorous after having lived in China for many years?
What are your most horrible and funniest experience about Google Map?
What do you think was the most ironic/funny death in any time period?
What are the best April Fools' day jokes of 2017?
What is the funniest fortune cookie you have ever opened?
What are the cute one liners?
What are some Texas fun facts?
What text pranks can I pull on my friend's boyfriend?
Can you direct me to the best try not to laugh video (appropriate for school purposes)?
What is the most interesting statement that you have heard?
What is the most funniest joke ever?
Why are some jokes funny but others not funny?
Why does the same joke evoke different responses from different people? Some laugh out loud and others just smile.
What pranks can be done in school on a targeted person for which you cannot be busted?
Why did "Damn Daniel" become viral when it isn't even funny?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
On a scale of 1-10, how funny are you?
What is the name of that app which makes funny pictures and videos?
Have you ever heard of ruranubandha?
What is the best April Fools’ prank you've ever been a part of?
What are some jokes about stinky feet?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a student in your school say?
Why is it when someone tries to pull a prank that they exaggerate the reactions of their targets?
What types of comedy does Aspies use?
What is the funniest question asked by a student?
What is the funniest Passover video you have seen or made for 2017?
What is the connection between the stand-up comedy community and Nucleya? They all seem to be promoting him and his works!
How can I be witty and sarcastic?
What is your best Nazi joke?
Which one movie scene made you not just happy, but made you laugh?
What is the most ridiculous job application form that you've come across?
What are some examples of bad puns?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in school?
What is the most genius example of trolling you have ever seen?
What are some hilarious dress pictures you’ve come across?
What is funny in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8oKJDjzOeA?
...
Where are you in life? Amaze me with witty or interesting answers.
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said/done?
How do I become witty and charismatic while dating?
What are the best instances of humor in uniform?
How can one be a man with a good sense of humor?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
Would you call a stand-up comedian who's disabled in a chair, a sit-down comedian?
What are some examples of non-sequitur humor?
How do you know when comedy has crossed the line? Is there a line?
What prank did you do for this year's April Fools?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
How is sarcasm supposed to work?
Could you share a funny story of what happened to you in Nepal?
What is the funniest meme you've ever seen?
What's the best example of false modesty you have ever heard?
What are some funny stories of finding who was stealing your lunch?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have told you?
What are some good ways to prank your brother?
Why do people joke about terrorism?
What people you came across while traveling impressed you most? Why?
What are the best programmer jokes you want to share?
Should major companies play April Fools’ jokes?
What is the best one liner for a Facebook status?
What is a funny thing that designers hear from developers?
What is the funniest compliment that you've received after sex?
Can being too funny with gals make you a clown - how much is enough?
How do I sound more dramatic?
What songs would you use to prank your crush?
What are some good sarcastic quotes?
What are some of the funniest photographs ever?
What was your funniest answer on the border control, when you was asked about a purpose of your visit to the country?
What is the funniest work place joke you've ever heard or read?
Who is the loveliest woman you have ever heard of?
Is it helpful to use emoticons to hint at humorous content and if so, why don't more people do it?
How do you handle all of the jokes about Canada?
What is your lamest joke?
So, I read this article about workplace vigilantism and am wondering about it. What are people's interesting, funny, weird, scary, etc., experiences with this phenomenon?
What's the weirdest act you've ever done?
What is the funniest clean joke you've heard?
Which type of jokes are called as pakau jokes?
What could be a really witty take on the pros of the GST?
What are some good, easy pranks I can do on my family?
Why don't people laugh at their friends' jokes to humor them even if they don't find them that funny?
What is the funniest folder name you have in your computer?
What's funny in haveli?
How can you turn a serious situation into humourous?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you on an airplane?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
What are the best counters to sarcasm?
Is it normal that I find "Baffin Island" as a funny name?
What are some of the miracles that you have come across as a doctor?
What is the weirdest moment you have ever seen?
What are some funny and weird toddler videos?
Whenever we get on the internet, why do we always get those people who joke around about comitting suicide?
Are we the only only animals with a sense of humour? Why?
What are the pros and cons of being a YouTuber who makes funny videos? Will it be possible for a lower middle class engineer girl?
Why is Pakistan so keen in making a joke of itself?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do you perceive sarcasm?
Do police officers find it disrespectful when people joke about donuts?
Is there room for humor or irony in our answers?
Can I find a stand-up comedy club in Bangalore?
What is your favorite Family Guy funny moment?
What is the funniest joke you have ever seen or heard?
Are there any good pranks I can play on my neighbors?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
What has made you laugh recently?
What is a funny comment you can say when a guy says you have a big butt?
Why is it so hard to explain when something is funny?
If somebody knew of a psychopath’s condition and kept laughing, made weird faces and screamed psycho whenever they saw them, what would the psychopath do?
As a Royal Guard, what made you laughed?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done as a teenager?
What is the funniest looking Nuke?
What is your favorite inside joke? No explanation needed.
What is/was your lamest comeback?
What scenes from movies have a slapstick humour "stuck" scene in it?
What are some unknown puns you know?
If a tree falls and lands on your head in the forest but you did not hear it land on your head, does that mean you will never make another sound?
What would you recommend as hidden gems of humorous sci-fi/fantasy?
Can you share some of the weirdest things you have done in a plane?
What is the worst April Fool’s Day joke that people have fallen for?
What is the dumbest grade you have ever recieved?
What's the funniest thing about women other than they think they're so special?
What is the funniest thing you can possibly write today on Quora?
What are good cafes to organize an open mic standup comedy event in Udaipur?
What is the funniest joke you've heard to date?
What is the funniest thing to happen to transgender people related to their gender presentation?
What are some of the weirdest phones ever made?
Can being a funny Twitter celebrity in India affect the way I am seen at my workplace and my career?
Do girls feel sexual desire when one of their "just friends" share some funny double meaning jokes?
How do I write a funny paper?
What are the funniest songs ever?
Is it okay to joke about sensitive topics?
What are your funny cafe/restaurant moments?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What do you think that the evolutionary function of laughter and our sense of humour is?
Could you imagine and write down the discussion between any two famous characters/persons (your choice)?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
What's the cutest funny thing your spouse keeps doing?
What are the funniest Indian tweets?
How did the John Cena memes get started?
How can I be in an instant laugh mood with everybody?
Is English a funny language?
I have come across one Asha psychic spiritualist. Are they really genuine?
What is the funniest and most offensive joke you have ever heard?
Has anyone ever lost their sense of humour? How do you get it back?
How and where did the concept of memes originate?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
What egregious historical myths or errors did you once believe in?
I just updated to Nougat, but now, a funny V with what looks like a Wi-Fi signal is on my status bar. Does anyone have any idea of what it is?
Why do people make fun of a person's sincere one-sided love these days?
Which April Fools’ pranks have negatively affected businesses?
What are your thoughts on AIB’s Quora joke?
Do you find virtual machines fun? If so, what makes them fun?
What is the most funniest but legitimate reason someone called 911?
What are some sarcastic sibling jokes?
Can women find a male comedian funny if they are sexually repulsed by him?
What is the smartest quote you've ever came across?
Are the Chinese funny?
What are some sick disses in holy texts of any religion?
What is the funniest cartoon logic you have ever seen?
Why do people think IIMians are not fun?
Is intelligence related to scoring good grades or the ability to make people laugh?
Is fake laughing still good for you?
Does someone know a good sports meme site?
Why are dorm hall pranks so fun?
What can be an alternative but funny ending for "Main aur meri tanhai aksar ye baatein karte hain ki" dialogue?
What is a clever, but not necessarily funny, thing to say to a lady to get her to go to dinner with you?
What form of humor is correlated with higher intelligence?
Have you ever laughed suddenly while crying because of something funny happened?
When did Hitler become a meme?
Why is it that jokes are made about engineers while it is one of the toughest courses?
What is the best "one-liner' you've ever delivered?
Which is the funniest Bollywood song you have ever heard?
What is the most hilarious example of hypocrisy you have personally experienced?
How can I find funny tweets?
What is the most funny incident after having bhang in Holi?
What have your most humorous encounters with Siri been like?
How can I Make My laugh less?
Is it normal to joke about death?
Have you been asked something from a phone solicitor that made you think twice about their question?
What is the funniest meme you have ever seen/heard/read?
Why do I feel like I have heard every joke?
What are some funny excuses that you have come across when you ask someone to donate blood?
What awesome pranks can I pull before school ends (I’m 15 almost 16)?
What are the most consistently interesting or funny 'weird Twitter' accounts?
Can I start making YouTube prank videos as only a producer and hire my actors to do pranks?
What are some stories where people have just missed something unfavourable, e.g., a huge traffic jam, a flight that crashed, getting knocked over, etc.?
What are some of the memorable or humorous anecdotes provided by Kavingar Vaali during his speeches or interviews?
Can you share some of April Fools’ Day 2017 pranks done by big companies?
Can you list Quora writers who write humorous answers?
What is the best sex joke you ever made?
Is being nice a good thing?
What is your favourite bilingual joke?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
Which is your favorite Vadivel comedy? Why?
Which people have a better sense of humour, Chinese or Americans?
What are some of the funniest excuses that teachers have heard from students?
What are some classic police jokes?
If I write a joke answer to a joke question then am I violating any Quora policy?
What was your first funny video uploaded on YouTube?
What is the funniest Chinglish you've seen?
What is the funniest local train incident that you had in ODISHA?
Can you make a person believe any bogus story as a prank?
What do you normally find funny but most would be offended by?
What are some funny Snapchat stories?
How do I enhance my sense of humour?
Which society cultivates humor, art and friendship?
If Donald Trump had installed a bright red launch button behind his desk in the Oval Office, would it be a sick joke?
What is the best incident you would like to narrate that can make everyone laugh?
What are some English books based on humour?
What was the killing joke in "The Killing Joke"?
What is the funniest thing you did when you were drunk?
What are the best incidents of ATM machine going rogue?
What April Fools’ prank can I complete today?
In which countries making pranks can be extremely dangerous?
What are some memes to troll scientists (comparing them to engineers)?
What is the funniest thing you have ever found in someone's search history?
What is the funniest accidental thing you've had a teacher say?
What is the most fascinating story you have ever heard?
How do I make a song funny like the Funzoa Channel on YouTube?
What's the most funny communication?
Do you like when other people laugh? Why/Why not?
Where can I buy boxers with funny slogans/one liners printed on them for men?
Which country is the funniest?
How can I stop my voice from becoming distorted when I'm trying to say something funny?
Do Indians find Bollywood dancing funny?
My teacher misunderstood my prank call as rape, what do I do?
Have you ever been made fun of because of your religion?
What are some funny moments in Indian Army?
What is the most ridiculous birth story you have heard of or experienced?
What does Chandler meant by "too many jokes, must mock Joey"?
What comedy guide should I read for Indian stand-up comedy?
What was the first meme of a photo?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a student say?
What is the strangest piece of logic you have ever encountered?
Can this word 'groovy' be used in commenting on some funny, hilarious meme?
I don't care about racist jokes as long as there's no malicious intent behind them. Why can't everyone be like that?
What did your dog do that made you laugh today?
Are movies with Simon Pegg, e.g. the Cornetto trilogy, good examples of modern British humor?
What are some interesting and/or funny YouTube videos?
Can you create a dating bio using the likes and dislikes of someone famous (real or imaginary)?
What should you know before creating memes?
What are the most dead memes as of April 2017?
What is considered funnier, a British or an American sense of humour (humor)?
If a plate of rice and a pizza are both dropped from the same height, at the same time, which will reach the ground first?
How do I know if someone understood my joke?
Can you tell a surprise failure story?
What are punny jokes?
Do the people in Chelm mind the jokes about them?
What are some CA jokes?
When someone makes a joke and nobody laughs, is it because the joke is not funny or do we just have a less of a sense of humour?
What are some examples of funny toasts?
What're your best puns?
How come Jalals has never been prosecuted for his bomb pranks?
Why can't I do Snapchat? Meaning when you do the camera with the funny faces or characters on there.
Why do I always laugh (smile) at someone even if something is not funny?
Do you have a funny story about meeting someone famous?
What is the funniest thing that you have heard someone did sleep walking?
Can you write an answer that can make me laugh out loud?
Why do people like Seinfeld so much?
What is a funny joke, about anything?
How can I make my sense of humor like a cup of tea?
What's the most unique pun you ever came across?
What is your favourite Game of Thrones meme, joke or witty one-liner?
If two vegans are arguing, is it still called 'beef'?
What's the most embarassing thing you have seen in a hotel room?
What are the best chemistry one liners?
What is your impression from this old Soviet comedy, do you have any similar comedy in your country?
What is your funniest rejection story?
What is your favorite " Chicken crossing the road " joke?
What is the best prank you pulled on your siblings/ parents/ cousins?
Why do ASMR videos make me laugh?
What has been the most funniest or hilarious dream while asleep, you ever had?
What are the most nonsense questions you have come across in your life?
What is the funniest thing about millennials?
What are your favourite one-liners from Seinfeld?
What are some interesting and funny words like "clinomania"?
What is the history of humor in India?
What is the most ironic thing about you?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
Did veterans have any interesting/funny experiences when working with another countries’ troops?
What are the funniest things you have ever found in Google Street view?
If I have 12 Quora followers, can I call myself Jesus of Quora?
What are some of the funniest excuses teachers have heard from students?
What is a situation that you first thought was serious, but became funny later?
What is so important about memes?
What is the most offensive joke you admit to laughing at?
How do you know if you have an inappropriate sense of humor?
What is the funniest source code you have ever seen?
What are some funny T-shirt images/memes you have seen?
Is laughing out loud while alone uncommon?
Why is my grandmother telling me to stop being smart with my grandpa when in reality I was telling a joke?
What are some crazy, funny, or awkward stories about counselling?
What is the wierdest thing that happened to you?
What's your favorite English joke?
Is laughing when someone falls a folkway?
What is the best April fool prank?
Is the Murray's sandstorm-conjuring spell in Hotel Transylvania 2 actually based on the Egyptian language, or just gibberish?
Who are some famous cock blockers?
What are the most funny episodes in Friends?
Is it bad that I want a girlfriend who jokes as much as I do?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard at family gatherings?
How do I start my speech in a new class in a funny way?
What's a short and funny way to say this phrase, “Please excuse brevity and typos, this message was born on an iPhone”?
What are some ironic place names you have seen or heard of?
What are some API for Fun/Jokes/Funny Gif?
What are some stories that you think will make me laugh?
What are the funniest memes made in 2017?
Why do we sometimes find breaking taboos funny and sometimes deplorable?
What is a good, short joke you like?
Could you suggest me some trending/funny/most used dialogue, one liner or even a word in Mangalore Kannada?
Trump is a beloved target of funny jokes. Can he, himself, laugh at such jokes?
Can one be serious about a total bullshit joke (not a polemical question)?
What is the funniest thing your best friend ever told you?
What is the most sarcastic comment/joke you ever heard/told?
Why are circles so funny?
Which is the best short, funny story that isn’t more than 200 words?
Which is the best site you have ever come across?
Why do people only think of me as a stupid joke?
What are the best and funniest planes?
What are some jokes to make when hosting a talent show?
Do you know some really good white jokes?
What is the difference between dead memes and stale memes?
What are characteristics define mellow comedy?
Can I have depression if I make jokes and laugh a lot?
What's the funniest or most clever name you've given to your dog(s)?
Does making too many dick jokes make someone a dick?
What is the funniest persuasive speech a teacher has witnessed?
What was the funniest unintentional 'accident' you've ever seen during a play?
Does having a good sense of humor increase a person's chances of getting a girl?
What is a joke that you tell all the time?
How would you classify sarcasm? Is it a positive or negative skill, and is it a personality plus or minus?
Is it ok if my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What is the most interesting joke you have heard?
What are thinking jokes and riddles used for?
What is the best thing you came across today?
Why do people make fun of Congolese people?
What's the funniest question or answer on Quora?
What is oddest crime you've ever heard or seen?
Is there any humorous Scriptural wordplay?
What’s wrong with laughing at your own jokes?
Can you tell why a child is laughing while they are being pulled on a Trunki?
What are examples of humorous monologues from plays?
Can you share a funny experience that happened while traveling?
What are the best M.I.T. engineering school pranks?
How do I avoid dorm hall pranks?
Is there such a thing as good or bad sense of humour?
Why is my childhood turning into memes?
What is the difference between Shakespearean comedy and classical comedy?
When did you have the perfect joke for a situation but the wrong audience to understand it?
How should I keep a serious face at serious moment?
Who started “aao kabhi haveli pe” memes?
Why are funny people often characterized as intelligent?
What are some inside jokes or sayings you've developed with your family?
What is the weirdest fact anyone has ever told you?
I will ask you a humorous question. How do you think Voldemort lost his nose?
What is the most funny, cleverly, dangerous or secretly things you have done on Quora?
What are the funniest messages you've received as a delivery man or woman?
How is stand up comedy as a profession?
Why do humans understand sarcasm?
What is the worst prank anyone has played on you?
How can I create funny toasts for a wedding?
Can you make me chuckle in exactly 5 words?
Can you produce a fake smile and still appear funny?
What are sacrilegious jokes?
What's your most hilarious IT support experience?
Where are the funny WhatsApp videos?
Do you think Islam is nothing rather than a prank played in the midieval age?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
What's the funniest video on the Internet?
What is one funny name that was given to a guest?
Are sarcastic Nazi jokes okay?
Which meme is your favorite? Why?
Is it bad to like edgy memes?
Has anyone ever farted on your face?
What was the funniest reaction of a commander to a message from the enemy?
Are there any interservice joke among China PLA?
Can you suggest me some witty and humorous conversation for my cartoon characters?
What's the best books about what humans find funny?
What are some cheesy and romantic puns and pickup lines?
What exactly happened at Sri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur?
Which are the fake prank channels on YouTube?
How do you react when no one laughs at your jokes?
Do you like the "understandable have a good day" meme?
What are the most popular topics in stand-up comedy?
My girlfriend embarrassed me in front of her friends. What should I do?
What are ways I could practice to become witty?
What is the funniest mistake a scientist has ever made?
What is the silliest question you have seen?
What are some fun facts about the 442nd Regimental Combat Team?
Why do most Americans miss sarcasm completely when other people make a joke?
I need a punchline for a routine about having Hulk as a room mate. Any ideas?
What are some of the most ridiculous school rules in India you have come across?
What are some funny games/challenges for an all-girls sleepover?
Can I report someone on Quora for claiming their answer will be "funny" when it turns out not to be funny at all?
Why do we feel designs are funny when they get older?
What is the dumbest thing that you have heard a teacher say?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone eating whilst they were cycling or skateboarding?
How do I control my laughing while a meeting is going on?
What are the funny jokes you heard about movie Sholay?
What should I do when other people laugh?
Let's have some Monday fun. Which is your favorite meme for Monday?
What made you laugh just now?
How did some gay porn become a meme?
What are some funny experiences involving Oxford?
What was the most epic senior prank you ever took part of/witnessed?
What's the best April Fool's prank you know of?
What would happen if there were no jokes, wit, or sarcasm in our lives?
What is the funniest 'Try not to laugh challenge(s)’?
How do I start making inside jokes?
If you laugh about death, what does that mean?
What are some of the funniest moments on "The Office"?
Have you ever found out terrible news and wished it was just a bad joke?
What is the origin of the "aao kabhi haweli pe" meme?
How can I best find smart, funny, well-rounded friends on Quora?
What's the dumbest promposal you have ever witnessed?
What are some of the funniest computer problems you have ever had?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
Why does my funny bone tingle?
How can I laugh openly?
What are the most hilarious memes you come across in social media?
What are the funniest image memes you have seen about President Trump?
Hackers, what is the funniest and weirdest password that you've ever seen while hacking someone's account?
Are incest jokes pointless since we're all related?
What was the most legendary one-liner in movie history?
Who thinks babies are funny?
Have you played any April Fools jokes that backfired?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
What is the most famous line in the history of Seinfeld?
How do I prepare for boards with only 10 months left?
What is one of the most interesting rumors you've heard before?
What are some instances in which you did something that made you laugh at yourself?
Is sarcasm a form of anger?
What would be the best word or one-liner for a doctor and an engineer's marriage?
What is the funniest game that's worth the money?
Are there any legendarily funny Quora posts or answers?
Why are sacrilegious jokes so controversial?
So I am really, really bad at sarcasm, both in recognizing it and in making sarcastic jokes. How can I improve my sarcasm game?
What is the best way to start a blog that is both humorous and serious?
Can a video creator get sued if someone takes a joke in their videos seriously?
What are the best jokes about age?
What would be the best way for someone to prank you?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
Why are feminists so humorless and oversensitive?
What is a joke or fun story you like the most?
What was the first meme and what does it mean?
What was the most happiest moment that you have ever came across?
Why does death make me laugh?
What is a clever, funny thing I can say for my thirty words?
What are some wise/funny things said by Joey Tribbiani on the American TV series “Friends”?
What are some fun facts I don't know?
What is the best joke or cartoon that can actually make people laugh out loud?
What is the dumbest thing a customer has said to you?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What is the funniest thing your sister has done?
What jokes are so dumb, they’re actually funny?
What is African and Chinese humor like?
What are some of the strangest first names you've heard?
What is the most innovative idea that you have ever heard about?
Are any shows as funny as The Office?
I don't have any topics to talk and make myself intresting. What should I do. I also want them to laugh?
What was your best or funniest Snapchat?
Why was Bahubali movie was so funny and stupid?
What is the dumbest answer you have heard on a quiz show?
What are some hilarious Putin and Trump memes?
Is it weird that a father thinks it’s funny that people think he's his daughter’s boyfriend?
What is the funniest thing you have done whilst doing your homework?
What is the most interesting paradox you've ever heard of?
What are some of the best excuses made by Ola/Uber drivers in India?
What is the best sounding African language you've come across?
How do I make a girl laugh and smile while texting if I am ugly?
How do I create a meme? With what concept?
What adult jokes did you encounter within a kids movie?
What is it that you find funny that no one else does?
What are the funniest questions you have seen and answered on Quora?
What are some techniques for creating a powerful meme?
Is Mr. Show with Bob and David - "The Story of Everest" episode - the funniest thing in the history of mankind? If not, what is?
What is the best roast you've ever heard?
What is the most funny line you have ever heard from someone?
Why do some people laugh a lot over some stupid silly joke?
What is your favorite one-liner for motivation?
So I got bald a few years ago, it's really frustrating when some times people make jokes about this. What to do or how to react?
Why do you laugh when people call you weird?
Why does life feel like a joke?
What was the funniest / weirdest thing that happened to you while travelling in a Delhi Metro rail?
Of all the brilliant jokes in the Discworld series, which is your favourite?
What are the funniest moment you faced in live-in relationship?
What was your funniest moment on Quora?
What are some good April Fool’s pranks to play on anyone?
Why is it that I find jokes about autism funny, when I myself have autism?
What is the best joke you have ever said to your friend?
How can I add humor to a graduation speech?
How would you connect humour and super-geniuses like Grand Master Meyerhof in Jokester written by Isaac Asimov?
What is the funniest picture or meme on your cellphone?
Apart from peeing properly, what would be your main problem if gravity suddenly didn’t exist for a day?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
Can you tell me a time that you actually died?
Would an ape trained in sign language understand basic humor?
Why is it funny to hear the words, “I love you”?
What are the best indicators that you're in the Bible Belt?
What is your opinion on reviving old memes?
What are the funniest photo of mistakes?
What is the interesting/funny side of Canada?
Is Romanian humour similar to (stereotypical) Italian humour (like Lisa Lampanelli)?
What is the funniest or strangest thing that someone has said while under anesthesia during surgery?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
What's the most "Murica" thing you've ever done?
At any time, did you ever feel that you are so unlucky but somehow managed the situation cleverly?
What is something funny I can say to someone when he or she says that my toes are throwing up gang signs?
What is the one joke that made you laugh, at a time that you were sad?
Would you laugh at me for wearing cartoon undies?
What is the best and innovative thing that you have came across in a newspaper?
What are some sarcastic replies with large vocabularies?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
What are some funny questions to ask children?
Is there a term in your language for an "inside joke", and if so, what is it?
Why do the north Europeans have a different sense of humour than the Latins and English?
Which funny business made money?
Why do people use "gay" as a cuss word?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What are some places where I can be heard (some things like TedTalk)?
What is the craziest viral video about China’s Mao revolution?
What is a joke that two prison guards would joke about?
What are some sarcastic replies to sarcastic replies?
If your name is Patrick, how often do people make some joke about a hat trick?
Can you share a funny thing that happened in class?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Who is the most humorous person in India?
What can be done to stop people make jokes on a particular community?
What are some hidden funny things in mobile apps?
What is the most hilarious painting?
Can a good sense of humor create a better working environment?
Have you ever tried to be humorous in extremely dreadful situations? What were the consequences?
How can I make an audience laugh when hosting?
Which are the wittiest writers you know?
What are some of the funniest means of transportation seen in a drive-thru?
What's your funniest Verbal Judo Story?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
What do you do after an awkward handshake or a bad joke?
What should I do if she made jokes after I expressed myself?
What are some funny conversations you have with your ex?
Why can't you prank people past noon on April Fool's Day?
What funny things have happened to you because you didn't wear your spectacles?
What is a good short chemistry joke?
Did you experience any funny moment with kids or babies?
What is the last thing that made you laugh so hard you cried?
What are some of the best funny, troll, gag, and memes pages on Instagram?
What are some of the funny and not so funny adventures you've had with your grandparents or grandchildren?
How do the 'Bob's Burgers' writers come up with so many puns?
Do​ crocodiles laugh?
Why are some people not scared at all even if society makes fun of them?
Should people aiming for an IIT have no fun? My dad thinks that I should sit for the next two years and only study and have no fun. Is it true?
What is the best Chandler Bing one-liner that I could use every day?
What is the role of humor in literature?
What are some funny topics to write about?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen your kid do?
What are the funniest things you have seen people do in a seminar?
How are stand up comedy acts done?
What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say that was meant to be serious?
What are some funny team names?
What made you smile today?
Who is the most humble famous athlete you have ever come across?
What are some funny and terrible things Indians do on Quora to gain followers?
Why is insult banned in Germany, when the great stories of Faust and Munchausen are based directly on insulting burlesques?
Why do people make fun of others for physical appearances they have no control of?
What was the funniest moment of the day?
Why are so many Chinese people making fun of Indian democracy?
How do I get over Asian jokes?
How do people who dislike toilet humor, feel when they have to use the toilet, especially defecating?
How do comedians react when people ask them to say something funny?
Who is the funniest person ever?
How does a sense of humor help a person have courage?
Do you also laugh at nearly every question you read on here?
Why can some people easily smile although the story is not funny? For me, it's too hard.
How can I practice being relaxed, funny and not so serious?
What's your favorite joke involving not giving a fuck?
What are some of the best jokes you have heard?
Can you share one of your life experiences that can make us laugh?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
What are some of the best “Relatives’ Results Day” memes?
What is a great April fools prank to play on my parents?
What would be a funny question in a TV show?
What are some funny-looking zoo animals? The funnier the better.
How does comedy differ from satire?
What are the best jokes? (It can be about anything)
What are the funniest Obama-Biden memes prevaling on the Internet?
What is the best prank ever done by someone?
What funny remark would you say to someone who asked "why are you always laughing"?
How can I be funnier?
Why do people cross the road when they see me?
What is your elevator story?
How do I give my first stand-up comedy audition?
How do I develop good sense of humour?
What are some of the most hilarious atheist arguments?
What does it say about liberals that if someone in the GOP made homophobic jokes like Colbert does, those jokes would suddenly be offensive?
What are really funny books, plays, or movies that have a male and female for leads (that aren't romantic)?
What was the most ambitious prank ever executed in history?
Why do people pity for a person who meets with an accident but laugh out loud if they slip off?
How do I become a funny, interesting, and talkative person in front of my friends?
Imagine you were the Airbender. Which element would you use to defeat your enemies?
How can I be more sociable (with more jokes)?
If you took your company's mission statement or job description, and replaced the company name with Borg, what would it look like?
Why do Indians make jokes about engineers?
Why does Nike want everybody to exclusively practice information technology?
Does Habib Fanny think that people joke about his name?
Are the people who claim what they said and what they joke about confident in themselves?
Why are milkshakes called milkshakes if they aren't shaken?
Do Chinese people ever make fun of Vietnamese language?
What are some good Google Plus Communities or Collections for adult jokes?
In Friends S07E07, what did Phoebe mean when she said “No, just a regular old flying dwarf”?
What are some great and funny books, like "What If?" and "Surely You Must Be Joking Mr. Feynman"?
Can you share the funniest moment in cricket?
What are some serious witty one liners?
What are the differences among satire, sarcasm, irony and dark comedy?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
Why is doing something unusual and extraordinary a joke in India?
How does RCVJ collect photos (not related to movie or any TV program) on Facebook in order to make jokes about them?
What made you laugh hard on Late Night with David Letterman?
Why do people have to announce that something is funny instead of just laughing?
When and how did stand up comedy get mainstream attention in India?
Is humour a sign of intelligence?
What stupid dares did you have to do when you were a kid?
Do I need to get vaccinated against rabies if I get a nail scratch from a person receiving antirabies vaccination?
If your current hairstyle was going to be permanent for the rest of your life, would you be happy or not? Why?
What is the greatest/funniest story you've heard or told?
What are some wittiest jokes you've come across in Facebook?
We just passed Tomb-Sweeping Day. Do you have something funny?
Who are your favourite comedians in the world?
Is math funny?
What is the funniest credential you've seen on Quora?
Why do some people have an "aversion" to puns?
What was the craziest prank call you've ever done/received?
Which is your funniest and memorable incident on a train?
What's funny, even though you don't want to do it or try to avoid it?
What is your funniest school story?
Which memes are the best/your favorite?
What are some humorous poems for elocution?
What's your most humorous childhood memory?
If you could make people hear noises that weren't really there, what pranks would you pull for your own amusement?
What is your favorite (funniest, most satisfying) April Fools' joke?
Can you tell me any funny/good/memorable Minor League Baseball stories?
What are the best one liner about rainy weather?
You are given a million dollars through Alien Space Bats but because of that you become a small child. What do you do and how does your family react?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
What's the funniest thing you have ever done with your friends?
What is the funniest insult you've heard in college?
Do you think that English is a funny language?
What are your 'best' science jokes?
What is your favourite meme with a deeper meaning?
What is the rationale behind not encouraging joke answers on Quora?
Why do white people have a better sense of humor, compared to other races?
What is the best song to prank my boyfriend with?
Is it weird that I find atheists funny?
Do you like dickbutts?
What's a mandingan and what makes it funny?
What is your wittiest reply to H. Green's question: What is the most pretentiously serious thing one could possibly do?
What is the funniest thing you said with no regret?
Can a person hide their controlling tendencies through making it a joke or state that they are looking out for you?
What is the most silliest competition you have come across?
Funny guys seem to get loads of girls and get laid easily. How can I learn to be funny like them?
What was the funniest incident that you ever experienced at work involving the British Royal Family?
What is the wittiest/funniest comeback you have ever come up with?
What are the most funny jokes in your country?
What was the most ignorant, stupid, ridiculous thing your teacher has ever said?
What are the best (funny, touching, etc.) incidents in the Delhi Metro?
Why it is so funny to call someone "chutia" (Hindi word)?
What is the funniest traffic stop a cop has ever conducted?
What is the meaning of the meme “first I bang the drum, then I bang your mum”?
How can I grow my sense of humour?
What are some funny ways to mess with people?
Why can’t I have fun?
Can you explain the whole "sleep on the couch" joke?
What is the best joke you have ever had?
How can I increase my sense of humour, if I'm not much good at cracking jokes or laughing at another's joke?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
How do I laugh in tension?
What are the best formal and funny insults?
What is this video called that compiles famous characters from blockbusters and TV series into a funny/parody animation short video?
What's your most outrageous story about April Fool’s day?
What is the dumbest thing you ever asked?
What is a long joke about a bee and a lion?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
What is the stupidest thing you have heard?
Do you ever come across a situation and think this has happened to me earlier also?
How can I keep an inside joke alive with my friend?
What are the best legal senior pranks?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
What did you do when you woke up from anesthesia?
What are some funny farewell titles?
Are the Impractical Jokers funny live?
Where can I get biker keytags with witty sayings in Bangalore?
What was the most ridiculous thing that saved you in a dangerous situation?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
What's your funniest Odyssey of the Mind story?
What is the funniest question to ask a lady?
What would happen if everything was shaped like corn on a cob?
Do you have a funny, horrific, or any kind of life incident?
How should one create good memes?
I'm doing a YouTube comedic series on the bizarre, funny, and more on Quora. Do you have any suggestions on what topics I should cover?
What are some of the most useful encyclopedia you ever came across?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen, heard of or is online?
What is the funniest southern joke?
Can you share some funny NDA lingoes?
What are some best witty palindromes?
Why is flat-out racism against white people a popular topic in stand-up comedy? What's funny about it?
What is your favourite celebrity nickname?
Is Stand-Up Comedy a good place for taking a date?
Are the countdowns for NASA launches ever funny, or are they always dry and unimaginative?
Why didn’t the Columbine shooters kill more people?
What are some very funny tweets?
How do I give a stand up comedy open mic performance in Bangalore?
How can I resist the temptation of biting the toffee in my mouth?
What is a funny experience you had at the Doctor's office?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
How do I not come across as needy?
What are your most horrible and funniest stories with Google Maps?
While travelling, what has been your weirdest or funniest experience?
What do you think about Tollywood memes?
If there was a pill that caused someone to have a very uncomfortable bowel movement, to whom would you slip this pill?
What's a really funny joke that you made during a roast?
Are men just made to tell women jokes and give them sperm?
What are the most unique names you have ever heard aside from mine?
Why do foreigners make jokes about the Indian marriage process?
What are the funniest Black jokes that you have come across?
What is your best celebrity joke?
What is the weirdest thing you heard someone say to themselves, without being aware that someone can hear?
How can a joke-lover download jokes for free?
What are some of the funniest Snapchat reviews you've seen because of its CEO’s “poor India” comment?
Why is Oggy funnier in Hindi?
What are some inspirational or funny quotes that I can use as a status in my WhatsApp?
How can I create hard and funny riddles?
What sex joke that you've made are you least proud of?
Why do we find things funny?
Is Hanie funny?
What if a guy that used to be funny and talkative around you turns quiet around you?
Is it annoying to laugh alot?
What is your funniest jet lag story?
What is the most funny incident you came across?
What are some of the funniest mistakes​ you have seen on Quora?
What is the funniest prank you've ever done or heard of?
What's the best prank call you've ever been the victim of?
What is your favorite meme picture?
What's the most fun thing about being a voice-over artist?
What is the best joke you have ever heard and why?
What's the strangest or funniest story that's ever happened to you?
What makes dark comedy good/funny?
How do I write a funny play?
What’s your favorite joke that others don’t find funny?
What has been the most funniest incident that happened to you as a couple while trying to spice your relationship with your significant other?
If we do ever land on Mars, what do you think should be the funniest first words said?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What are the most annoying advertisements of 2017?
Why do people think Samantha Bee is funny?
What is the most destructive sentence that you ever heard or read?
Is it correct to say "People will need to understand and join in on British humour"?
What is a funny episode happened with you?
Which is the funniest intelligent humor?
Why is it so important that your girl laughs at your jokes?
When did you laugh out last time?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
What is your story of stealing something?
Have any textbook(s) lines made you laugh/smile?
What is the "Irish boomerang that never returns" joke about?
What was the most amusing conversation that you have ever heard?
Have you ever come across someone who looks similar to you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen while driving?
What made you laugh, which really shouldn't have?
Who is the best motivating person you have ever come across in quora?
What is the most intellegent liner?
What is an anecdote or funny story of you or people around you that was caused by a misunderstanding of body language in Greece?
Which state is the butt of all jokes in each country?
Which standup comedy show on Netflix is easy to understand and relate to?
Why are Americans so hilarious?
How do I deal with witty people?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
What are some funny duets?
What is the worst possible joke you can come up with off the top of your head?
What is the best anecdote you have ever heard or read?
Which one-liners shook your heart to the core?
What is a funny incident in your life that happened when no one was around?
Does insecurity affect your humor?
Why shouldn't we look down while crossing the road?
How come Indians are so innovative in creating memes everyday?
What is the best joke to tell a dentist?
What is the best prank device that helped create most of your pranks?
What are your Chandigarh-related funny experiences?
How does humor or what is interpreted as "funny" differ culturally around the world?
What is the latest success story?
Why do most of my friends copy the way I speak or laugh?
How many dick jokes have you memorized?
What’s the most offensive joke ever?
How did you make a never-funny person suddenly lough out loud?
Have you ever heard people’s conversations when no one was around?
What are some funny conversations you have with your toddler?
What is the craziest/funniest things you have done with/with the help of your siblings?
Why do kids, or people in general, laugh when they look at bald people?
What are the funniest jokes?
What made you laugh the hardest in your entire life?
What are the best WWII jokes?
What is the best prank you have ever done?
What are some best YouTube video jokes you ever saw?
What are the best April Fools office pranks that you have pulled, or witnessed, at work?
What are the best sites about curiosities, scientific facts, strange/weird things and funny things on the internet?
What are some examples of funny malapropisms?
Would anybody tell me a short funny story not more than 200 words?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened in a Model United Nations you have been to?
What are the funniest road sign in your country?
What was the funniest reaction to a message from the enemy by a general?
What are the funniest things that happened to you in combat?
Do you believe Kevin McCarthy was joking about Putin paying Trump in comments he made last June? If so, did you find them funny?
How can I stop laughing at perverted things?
What is the funniest food name you have heard?
Would it be useful if you could watch tomorrow's broadcast of all channels on TV if you lock yourself in a room today and tomorrow also?
Do teachers hold their laughter when a student makes a funny joke or farts?
What makes you laugh or amuses you the most?
What's the best prank you have ever pulled or seen?
What are some Indonesian jokes?
What memes are the most popular this year?
What is the most badass thing about laughing so hard that you crap your pants?
What's the best high suspense anti-climactic jokes with no punchline?
What are some lyric pranks I can use on my crush?
Which TV shows are similar to The Office (US) that have humorous comedy?
Which are the funniest x photos you have ever seen?
What are the aspects of survival of humor?
Why is ‘self-made’ considered the dumbest answer in the universe?
What do gay people think about "HAH! GAYYY!"?
What was the most ridiculous thing that happened to you while you were playing a game?
What is the funniest thing that keeps you laughing?
What is the most savage roast you have ever said or encountered?
If you are Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee, how will you make Donald Trump confess “You're goddamn right I do have links with Russia!”?
What is the best mother-child conversation you have ever heard?
What's the most useless thing you still have memorized?
Why do people that I don't know just laugh at me or laugh in my face for no reason? Why would someone just randomly laugh at someone they don't know?
What is the video where loads of sheep walk through a town with random goats in between them, and then a donkey comes?
What are some historical facts about choler?
What is the most ironic statement or incident which you have heard or witnessed?
What was the funniest answer ever given to a serious question?
What's the funniest conversation you've had with a telemarketer?
Do you know a really funny joke or whimsical anecdote?
What is the best one liner motivational status for Facebook?
What does the continent of Internet look like?
What if the MCU was grim and dark while the DCEU was lighthearted and humorous?
What are the funniest moments in an Indian cricket dressing room?
What are some funny questions to ask Siri?
What was the best (funniest, weirdest, biggest, etc.) software bug of the past year?
Why are inappropriate jokes so common in the western media?
What is something funny to do in a talent show?
What is the best joke you've heard of with an unexpected ending/plot twist?
How do people in nudist colonies keep a straight face when they are talking to each other, especially members of the opposite sex?
What is the most sarcastic answer that can be given when a teacher asks, "what took you so long in the toilet"?
What are some short movies clips that can be dubbed in a funny way?
What is the weirdest reason you have gotten in trouble at school?
What are the ways to get English jokes in WhatsApp?
What's the funniest joke you've heard this year?
What are the funniest reimbursement claims you have ever rejected?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to your family?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
Am I too old to start stand-up comedy? I'm 37 years old, should I bother?
What are some of the best puns you know?
How do you ask an amazing question on Quora that at least 1000 people will want to answer immediately?
What is the "designated" meme about Indians?
What is the translation of this French text? Is it funny for French speakers?
What are the characteristics of a wicked sense of humor?
Is India loosing its humour?
Do you have any interesting spoiler evasion incident?
What are the most funny and idiotic crimes and criminals you've heard about?
Which are the best YouTube channels to improve sense of humour?
What is the funniest thing you have posted on Tumblr?
What are some amazing and funny tongue twisters?
What happened to the weird outcast at your school who everyone made fun of?
Will memes save a dying world?
What is the silliest rumour you've ever heard?
What's the differerence between insanity and a bad sense of humor?
What is the most ridiculous thing a person has done to get more likes on Instagram?
What is your young age secret which you now laugh at?
What is the most funniest blog you have ever heard?
What are some grammar jokes?
What is the origin of the 'REEEEEEEEEEEEE' meme?
What is funny thing that developer hear from designer?
What is the most weird or funny comment you have ever encountered in source code?
How do I swap/replace a face with another face in a video to make funny memes/videos?
Do microorganisms have a sense of humor?
What is the funniest way anyone has ever dealt with a stalker, troll, or scammer?
What is the funniest thing to say when someone asks "why didn't you go to college"?
Were there any great April Fools’ Day pranks from European companies? The pranks that were in the media were mostly from the typical big companies (KFC, Emirates, etc.).
Did you fart and glue it to your seat?
If you had a free pass to commit any misdemeanor you wanted to, how would you prank your neighbors?
What is the funniest thing you have ever read on Quora? It could be a question, an answer or comment.
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What is a lyric prank?
What is your opinion of the Pepe meme being labeled as hatred? What about the Harambe meme?
What is the best roast you've ever heard or said?
What is the stupidest thing you or your friends have ever done?
Can you describe the funniest or the stupidest thing you have done, in a single line?
What software do Instagram pages use to make memes/humour posts?
What are some good comebacks for tall jokes?
What are the ugly/hilarious moments you've had or seen in your workplace?
What is humour according to you?
How true is AIB's meme of Quora (apart from being funny)?
What are some innocent/witty answers given by children?
When you're replacing "funny", do you say comical or comedic?
What are some funny old wives stories or conceptions local to your folklore?
What are some funny cold war related pick up lines?
What is the funniest situation you have ever been in/noticed?
How low should my I.Q. be to laugh at Kapil Sharma’s jokes?
Which crossed the road first, the chicken or the egg?
What are the best jokes you have ever come across?
What is the funniest and most common incident in every child's life, whether with his/her family or at school?
What was Sirius's "joke"?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
What are some fun ways to go about or say typically serious things?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
How come what people find funny is cultural?
Why do people make fun of engineers?
Motivating people or making people laugh - which of them has a greater impact on one's life?
What can be the very funny name of a coding team?
What is the secret to making a really good pun?
Where do you find funny things online? How do you search for and consume funny jokes, videos, and images?
What are the most ironic "last words" you have ever heard of?
Can Ayden Jozwik do that funny thing with his tongue/jump while doing a handstand? Also, does he know Burmese?
What are some of the best conversation one-liners?
Why do people find bike accidents funny?
What are some humorous excuses when you are 40 minutes late in class?
Which is your best April Fools’ Day prank?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done or said in front of your teacher?
What are some extremely funny videos?
What was the funniest or weirdest thought that came into your mind while taking the JEE Advanced exam?
What are some good jokes about Washington DC?
What were the Middle Ages like for people who had Tim and Eric's sense of humor?
Why did people develop laughing and having a sense of humor during the evolution process? What are the benefits of having it?
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door who do you let in first?
What's a good April Fool’s prank that my wife will enjoy?
What's the best joke you've ever heard that you didn't 'get' initially?
What are some classic jokes in Quora?
What are your funniest texting fails?
Can I start a pranking video channel on YouTube as a creator or producer (but I will not take any part in funny acts in pranks)?
What were some April fools day jokes on Quora?
How much did Seinfeld influence Friends?
Why does sexual humour turn me off?
What's the rarest coin you have ever come across in circulation?
Was William Shakespeare the first person to use “your momma is so fat” joke insults about people's mothers?
How do you feel when the whole class laughs for your joke?
What are some really funny advertisement wars?
What are some absurd name of vegetables you've come across?
What are some ways to practice to become more quick and witty?
What is your absolute favorite meme?
What is the funniest thing you have seen while driving or riding?
What if a reentry capsule overshot it's original coordinates for landing and managed to land on top of a skyscraper in a city?
Can you think of any funny things to do in French class?
Do you have a funny name by which you address your parents or by which your kids address you and why?
Which type funny videos do you like?
What are the most brilliant con artists or heists that you have ever heard of?
What is the best joke you've heard of with an unexpected ending/plot twist?
What is your favorite " Chicken crossing the road " joke?
Can you paste a picture of your favorite INTJ meme?
Where does humour come from?
Do people on Quora like to have fun?
What is the funniest Seinfeld scene?
What is your favourite dirty joke?
I had this narcissistic friend that after a while was using my slang and sayings and tried to have the same sense of humor as me. Why is that?
What is the best short story you have ever heard?
Have you ever seen a giraffe with a scarf?
What are some funny Dumbledore quotes from the Harry Potter book series?
Can you suggest me some witty and humorous conversation for my cartoon characters?
What is a moment you can now think back on and laugh about?
Why do people have to announce that something is funny instead of just laughing?
Teachers, what are your funniest stories about students asking stupid questions or answering questions the wrong way?
How do I make women laugh?
What is a good Islamic joke? What constitutes Islamic humour?
Why are the new Shin-chan episodes not funny nowadays?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
What are some very funny movies?
What is a good April Fools' prank to pull on a long-distance ex-girlfriend?
What is the funniest prank you have done with others?
Why do some people love black humor?
How do you ask an amazing question on Quora that at least 1000 people will want to answer immediately?
What are your favourite memes and videos?
What is the funniest Freudian slip you have ever heard?
What are some of the most humorous advertisements?
What are some funny things a non-native speaker have attempted to say to you in your language?
What is the funniest mistake a scientist has ever made?
What is a situation that you first thought was serious, but became funny later?
What happens if you make prank order on urban clap?
Which Indian Ad is the funniest?
I need a punchline for a routine about having Hulk as a room mate. Any ideas?
Are there any funny stories or memories or characters from your life that you want to tell me about Great falls tutoring?
Why are so many people get mad over dark humor?
How do I laugh at myself?
What was the last funny joke you made about something that was happening? (i.e. not a hypothetical joke or riddle, just a funny remark or comment)
What are some amazing and funny tongue twisters?
How do you know if someone is making a joke of your feelings?
What are some funniest and stupidest questions asked here on Quora?
Why do we laugh? What is laughter? Is it some form of aggression or is it just a way to splash out negative emotions? Is it something else?
If someone made a meme about you, what would it by called and what would it be about?
Does anyone actually skip to the loo, as opposed to walking or running based on urgency?
What are the funny situation which through we go during college life?
Are silent slapstick scenes in comedy films out of date? Will people sit through 3-5 minutes of physical hijinks tossed into a dialog driven film?
What are some great pranks?
How should we give a witty reply and to counter witty replies from others?
What would you consider to be the main differences, between American humor and French humor?
Can you tell a joke or funny story that used to bring the house down but now is no longer funny or at least needs explaining?
Are there any stand-up comedy open mics in London on Sunday nights?
What are some funny facts about Neptune?
What are some examples of bad puns?
What does this joke mean - "Three pairs of ski's, two pairs of ski boots and one pair of crutches for sale"?
Should it be illegal to make fun of gay people?
What is the oddest thing you have ever read or heard or seen?
Do archeologists ever find ancient jokes?
What should I do if no one laughs at my puns?
What is the "Irish boomerang that never returns" joke about?
What is your funniest board exams experience?
Is it crazy to believe that dogs can smile?
What makes a good pun?
What are some of the best sarcastically motivating one liners?
What is the funniest answer a child has put on a school assignment or test?
What’s the difference between wise and witty?
Where can I find write-ups online with witty and humour-filled contents?
Which Tamil movie made you laugh so much?
What's wrong with teenager's humor?
What are some of the weirdest or funniest things you have seen happen during a wedding?
How can I ensure that I get on with my flatmates?
If you had a free pass to commit any misdemeanor you wanted to, how would you prank your neighbors?
What are those memes that pertain to intelligence called that are similar to increasingly verbose memes?
Do I need any special permission to shoot prank videos in public?
I recently came across bujeoks. Do they really work?
What are the best replies to "what's up?" when you are sitting idle?
What does the joke about Sonu Nigam in Drishyam mean?
What is the stupidest thing you had did when you were quite young?
What are the best "that's what she said" jokes from The Office?
What’s one of the funniest things that have happened to you?
How should I deal with someone I'm not used to deal with because he has a strange humor?
What was the funniest answer you came across while checking an exam being a teacher?
What are some examples of non-sequitur humor?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or that has happened in general at school?
Is it possible for a pudendal cleft to be funny in movies, or is it just sexual? If it cannot be funny, can a woman be as funny as a man?
What is a witty definition for a programmer?
What are some interesting funny stories?
Why do some people think it's funny to make fun of people they don't know?
What are some really evil pranks to pull on people?
How is it like to get pranked by Ownage Pranks?
What funny stories have you got about you, your friends or your family?
What is the funniest thing your best friend ever told you?
Why are some jokes "corny?"
Who do you think is the future of standup comedy, Abhishek Upmanyu, Kunal Kamra or Karunesh Talwar?
What is the funniest or strangest place name you have heard?
What’s the weirdest thing about your country?
What are some of the best one-liner puns (also it would be fun if people wrote a punny comeback to the answers)?
Is being funny all the time wrong?
Are there jokes that only blind people understand?
What are some of the funniest moments in your love life?
How does a woman feel if a man blushes or smiles or becomes a bit nervous all the time whenever they come into contact? It just happens involuntarily.
Do you think people are becoming less humorous in India?
What's the funniest lie your kids have ever told you?
A personality assessment where a person has to choose between a pair of jokes?
How does one express sarcasm in the written form?
What is your favorite joke-spelling of the name Benedict Cumberbatch?
What are the funniest/ weirdest conversations you've had with your students?
How do I be more funny around my friends?
Why do people make fun of Skechers?
What is this video called that compiles famous characters from blockbusters and TV series into a funny/parody animation short video?
How come Indians are so innovative in creating memes everyday?
Why do people put such corny descriptions about themselves on Quora?
How do I sound more dramatic?
If you're not very funny, what are some tips for developing a better sense of humor?
What would be a joke that would only be funny in another language?
Is it OK to laugh while a woman is in labor?
What is the most insane and hilarious way for two men to settle a diagreement?
Why do some people consider inappropriate humour offensive?
What is the dumbest thing a teacher has said to you? (during class)
What is the funniest story behind any invention?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have ever done to hide that you are attracted to someone?
Why do people make fun of Jeff?
What are some examples of funny quotes?
"Maths: The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.” What does this line mean?
How do I achieve a sense of humor like Woody Allen’s?
Have you ever heard people’s conversations when no one was around?
What is the dumbest thing your teacher has done?
Are there names for different senses of humor?
What joke did he tell in Deadpool at the bar?
What hurts when nothing hurts you anymore?
What is your best funny Thank God moment?
Is Seth Myers large number of jokes on Eric Trump just a bit or do they have some history?
What are the best April Fools office pranks that you have pulled, or witnessed, at work?
Could you distinguish between offensive and insensitive behavior/jokes?
Motivating people or making people laugh - which of them has a greater impact on one's life?
What's the most offensive joke you've ever heard?
Where can I find some funny Mad Libs sheets?
Are the Impractical Jokers funny live?
Why does the earthworm cross the road?
What is the funniest weapon you've seen that still does it's job?
Why does it seem that western expats in China tend to become humorous after having lived in China for many years?
Indravadan or Chandler? Who is the master of sarcasm?
What are some of the best “Relatives’ Results Day” memes?
What happens to the pizzas when a person falsely put an address just to prank the others?
Why is laughing pleasant?
What are some of the best conversation one-liners?
Why do some families like corny jokes?
Would anyone care to share a funny pick-up line to use on a lifeguard?
How common is it to be severely depressed, but also have a very strong sense of humor?
Do you know any funny videos where thing after thing goes wrong?
What is the best comeback you have ever said to a customer while serving them?
What song should I prank my friend with?
What are some funny-looking zoo animals? The funnier the better.
What is the one thing that you will never learn?
What is the most interesting paradox you've ever heard of?
Why do people make fun of Congolese people?
What if we use funny voices in our YouTube videos?
What are the weirdest rules and laws in any country, you have heard about?
What is the funniest thing you have seen during an exam?
What is the best humoured book for depression?
How will women like me if I'm not funny?
What are some fun facts about Guinee Conakry?
What are some funny things police officers say?
What are some Indonesian jokes?
Recently, what movie in the Tamil language or any other language has made you laugh like you haven’t laughed in a long time?
What do you think of satirical writing?
What does starting to laugh after imagining funny situations while alone say about a person?
What is the strangest place name you have ever heard?
What are some funny and insightful or illuminating quotes?
What's the best concept for God you ever heard?
Why are Oscars given to serious performances and not funny ones?
If there was a pill that caused someone to have a very uncomfortable bowel movement, to whom would you slip this pill?
Does Habib Fanny think that people joke about his name?
What are some seriously " laughing my fucking ass off " moments of your life?
Have you ever been prank called? What is your story?
Did humor exist before humans invented language?
Is a nerd falling into a lake and drowning supposed to be funny or sad?
If you are Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee, how will you make Donald Trump confess “You're goddamn right I do have links with Russia!”?
What is the best mother-child conversation you have ever heard?
Have you seen a funny pic of Dmitry Druzhinsky?
Why are some jokes "cheesy?"
Why do intelligent people find most things funny?
Do you make puns? What are some of your best shots?
What would you recommend as hidden gems of humorous sci-fi/fantasy?
I’m an introvert with no sense of humor, and people think I am a self-obsessed, rude a-hole because of my lack of social skills. How can I change?
Is there a connection between sadness and humour?
What was the funniest answer ever given to a serious question?
If you could play the perfect practical joke with an unlimited budget, what would it be?
What is the dumbest grade you have ever recieved?
How would you explain to people the difference between sarcasm and other types of humor?
What is the funniest thing you have seen while driving or riding?
Can you share the funniest moment in cricket?
From where and how should I start if I want to do stand-up comedy (in Pune)?
What do you think Ron's joke about the hag, the Healer and the Mimbulus Mimbletonia was?
How can you laugh with someone who is trying to humiliate you?
What are interesting one liners said by MCs to grab the attention of the audience?
What is the most hilarious situation in your life?
Does being pessimistic mean not having a sense of humor?
What's a funny, embarrassing or interesting neighbour story that you have to share?
Have you ever felt you've lost your wit/ humour over the years?
What are the funniest or most bizarre superstitions​ you've ever heard?
How do you identify a software engineer in crowd?
Why is Gibbs' name funny on NCIS?
What is your most embarrasing or funny moment in a Holi festival?
What is the funniest part of the K-drama “Lover”?
What is the funniest thing happened during your date with someone?
What are some of the funny encounters with your friends?
What do you do when you tell a joke and no one laughs at it?
What is the funniest marriage story ever?
What are other apps like Talking Tom for making funny videos?
What are the most dank memes you saw online?
Could you study sense of humor and memory by measuring the response to canned laughter or Charlie Chaplin movies?
What do you think about German humor and what do you associate with it?
What should I do to effectively tackle sarcasm and be sarcastic?
What are the best things to write on the back of a school t-shirt?
How do I come up with an original and funny grad quote?
Do retarded people joke about other people being retarded?
What is the funniest note you have ever created?
What do colleges mean when they say they do not want cliches or an "inappropriate" sense of humor on the application?
How is My Lost Dollar by Stephen Leacock a humorous story?
What are the funniest tweets by Virendra Sehwag ever?
What's been the best one-liner which motivated you instantly?
What's your best computer joke cartoons?
What's one of the worst dumbest comebacks you ever came with?
Is Tracey Ullman funny?
How did 'Santa Banta' jokes actually started or what is their source of origin?
Why does society require you to do ridiculous things?
Have you ever felt that the cultural style of humor in another country was different from what you were used to?
What country or region of your country do people joke about, which has people whom they consider to be hillbillies/unwashed dumb people?
What is an interesting short phrase to say before shifting to say something contradictory (surprising to the listener) to what you were saying?
Do you always have to make women laugh?
What are some hilarious sex stories?
What are some funny Batman moments?
How do I build a good sense of humour?
Are love relationships a topic of humour in all cultures? And why?
How can I get better at writing comedy?
What is your single most favorite joke from the TV show "The Simpsons"?
Which female comedians don't only make sex jokes?
When comedians tell jokes about real tragedies, such as the Holocaust or suicides, are they taking it too far?
What are some funny names for a pet dog?
What are some of the best memes from during or after the 2017 UP election?
What is the funny thing about your child?
What is the funniest thing you ever saw in Clash Royale?
When was the last time you made yourself laugh?
A group of snails has tied you up and are slowly dragging you toward a hole in your garden. What do you do?
What kind of jokes from Last Week Tonight are computer generated? What kind of jokes are not?
Some people just can't remember jokes; however, some jokes would just stick with you over time. Do you have one of these?
What are some good, detailed and thought out pranks that can be built up for April Fools' to be played on friends?
What are some of the best scientific memes out there?
Does listening to comedians make you funnier?
What should I do when my colleague is annoying me by often making comments about my project and work style which is beyond his responsibilities?
Which chemical make a man laugh automatically?
Has humour always existed?
What is your favorite Darwin Award and why?
Phyllis Diller donated her joke library to the Smithsonian Institute. Does that make her jokes part of the public domain?
Whats the weirdest thing that happened during class?
What are some hilarious and smart replies you have given to hate mails?
Describe the funniest thing your pet has seen you do?
Do women have a sense of humor?
Which are the most witty line to describe a girl?
Have you ever physically howled with laughter from something on Quora?
Is it okay to use sarcasm and satire in a "formal" college paper?
Are there any recent comedies with humour like Superbad, This Is the End, and The Interview?
How do I know if someone is joking with me?
Which is the best Osho joke ever?
What word would become the funniest or most ridiculous if you removed, added, or changed 1 letter?
What are some funny instant reply you have got?
What is some funny trolling related to the latest election in India?
What are some of the funniest Windows error messages you have ever seen?
Can I start stand up comedy at the age of 15 by participating in open mics?
If you found yourself in a situation where you had to make someone who was grumpy laugh, or you would face execution, then what measures would you employ?
What is your funniest experience you ever had in college?
Who are your favourite comedy double acts?
How do you annoy your RE teacher? Also, what are some funny things to do in science class?
What was the creepiest thing you’ve done as a child?
Can you think of any funny stuff to do in class?
What are the funny mistakes done by media?
What is the best pun lyric you've ever heard?
What are some good lyric pranks?
What is the most funniest memory in your life?
What is a funny note you created?
When did you find out that you were funny?
How would you kill someone with one piece of popcorn and a meter of yarn?
What's the funniest thing you have done in your life?
What is the dumbest thing that man can calculate?
Do comedians ever get overwhelmed feeling like they have to be funny around people all the time?
Would you make me laugh?
Teachers, what's the funniest answer you've gotten from a student that technically wasn't wrong?
Can you give me an example of a good sense of humour?
What is the best one-liner you have ever heard in a movie?
Can you tell when people are secretly making fun of you?
What is your most ridiculous fear?
What are the weird chats you have ever read?
What are the most savage yo mama jokes?
Who creates the jokes for funny websites?
What is the funniest name you use at Starbucks?
What is the most wittiest proverb you have ever heard?
What are some of the good code optimization you have came across?
What are best sarcastic replies given by you?
What is your funny conversation with your brother?
What is the most socially risky thing you've ever done?
What makes you laugh/cry while you're alone?
What are some local jokes from your country?
What is the funniest thing about life?
What are some yo mama jokes?
What are some funny snake names?
What are some of the meanest and funny things people say to skinny guys?
If you can make yourself laugh, does that mean you're in good company?
How do I respond to being tagged in memes?
Do you have a good Surrealist numbers joke?
What is a good prank for older brothers?
When you were a kid, what was your most hilarious conviction?
How does your child make you laugh?
What are the most offensive words that you have ever heard?
What makes a villain fun?
Who are some of the wittiest, humoristic, satirical, and sarcastic writers on YourQuote?
What can be the best names for new Indian prank channel?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen someone do or the funniest thing you've heard from someone?
Is nudism fun?
What are some of the humorous jokes related to the English language?
What are some funny ‘henlo’ memes?
What are the funniest things Roger Stone has said during his drunk Twitter adventures?
What are some subtle inside jokes?
Can you give me an example of British humour?
What should I say when people make fun of my buckteeth and my big lips?
Am I at fault for calling people out when they make inappropriate jokes?
Funniest moment where you accidentally touched someone's crotch or chest?
If a girl is really funny, like super funny, is it intimidating for others?
Which are the funniest videos by Indian YouTube?
Do Germans have a sense of humor?
When does time end?
What are some killer one liners that one should know?
Why do so many Quorans have no sense of humor?
What are the best one liners on teens?
What are the best comedy shows that don't make fun or reference religion and are really funny?
If you ever got a chance, how would you recreate the whole scene where you come across the person for the first time who is now your dearest friend?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard people say about teachers or teaching?
What is the funniest thing that's happened to Ernest W. Adams?
Where can I find some genuinely funny jokes?
What is your favorite meme at the moment?
What are some of the best 1 line double meaning jokes?
How is humour related to religion?
What I do for fun?
Why do people find rape jokes funny?
What is the best way to reduce excitement until someone discovers a prank I've placed?
Are all jokes meant to be funny?
How should I anchor in a funny way?
What's the funniest question you've been asked after someone found out you were in a fraternity?
What are some of the best jokes that teachers would love?
Is there any English skit that is both really funny, yet has a message?
What's the funniest thing twin boys did?
What was your weirdest conversation ever?
What are good places to find dark humor on the internet?
What is the most funny first and last name combination you have ever heard?
Who can make the best memes?
How can I joke around with a straight face?
What was the weirdest or strangest TV broadcast hijacking you have ever seen?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen in your life? How do you think smiles affect your life?
What are some of the funniest gangster names?
What if Stephen Colbert and Donald Trump switched jobs overnight, what would happen?
Do you dislike the term 'belly laugh'?
What is your funniest encounter with an animal?
What is the funniest, side splitting, hilarious joke you have ever heard?
What's the funniest thing you've done to a stranger?
What is the dumbest thing a friend has said to you?
How do I get my humorous charm to surface again?
What is the funniest joke you thought of yourself?
What is your funny proposal story/conversation?
What is the most funny or strange question your child has asked?
Can you explain how humor works?
On average, how many jokes does a sitcom make in a minute?
How does your mother make jokes about you at home?
What is the puniest science pun you ever saw?
What does it mean if someone quite frequently and out of the blue texts you some funny videos or funny pictures?
What is your favorite dumb joke?
Why do we make fun of celebrities?
What is the best or strangest superstition you've ever heard of?
How come people bash Trump for making fun of a disabled man, but say nothing about 50 Cent on video making fun of an autistic kid?
Why do people make fun of me for my sense of humor and how can I prove them wrong?
Are jokes and witticisms a lot like deeply revealing micro-expressions (a.k.a. windows to our souls)?
What are some of the funniest/most clever reviews and comments you've seen on porn sites?
What are your most amusing anecdotes?
What is the biggest joke site in India?
What is the funniest parody of organic gardening and farming you have ever read?
How can I learn to write humor?
What is the funniest thing that's happened at a place you've worked?
What does the "Meme Warfare Center" meme mean?
What is your favorite your mom joke?
What is a witty response to a guy who asks where I have been?
What's the best "Confucious Say" joke you've ever heard?
Why are joke answers to joke questions not allowed?
Why don't I find movies of the comedic genre funny, in other words I think funny movies aren't really that funny?
What are some fun facts about fear?
Can you recount the times government officials have shown a sense of humor?
What are some good memories which make you laugh even today when they strike in your mind when you are playing cricket?
What is something that you consider really funny but others don't?
Why is military humor so sarcastic?
Do people make fun of your name?
Do you have a really bad sense of direction? What was/were your weirdest, most embarrassing or funniest experience(s)?
How can I stop taking jokes seriously?
What are the least respected forms of comedy and why?
Why does the fugitive laugh when he sees the photograph shown by Raina?
What is a joke that has cracked people up more than you would have expected?
What is the funniest way to make savings?
Should comedians be able to joke about anything?
What is the cutest or funniest experience you have had in a traffic jam?
What is sense of humour?
What is the most hilarious, but naughty, thing your child has ever done?
What's the funniest hazing experience you had as a pledge?
Have you ever had a girl make you laugh?
Is this real or for fun?
What are some of the most weird/funny Tinder profiles you have come across?
Why do people find saying 'Allahu akbar' so funny?
What will it take for me to be funny enough?
What are some fun things to write about?
Who is the person you would want to make laugh the most?
What was the funniest thing you ever saw at Wal-Mart?
What's the funniest thing that nurses have ever heard doctors say during surgery?
Why are there so many American jokes?
My 8 year old son's laugh isn't really a laugh at all but a cackle that is excruciatingly painful to hear. What can I do other than cut my ears off?
What has somebody said that made you laugh out loud, and why?
What are some tips for writing a funny persuasive speech?
What's the funniest moment, when you walked in on someone?
What does "curry joke" mean?
Why are women not funny?
What's the most ridiculous sexist remark you've heard and how did you respond?
Which are the best photos to make memes?
What are some of the worst jokes you ever made?
What is your favourite (clean) joke in Spanish?
What does it say about someone when they upload jokes to their Facebook wall?
What is the latest thing you did that caused you to laugh at yourself?
Is there such a thing as a good pun?
Which are the best one-liners by Monica Geller from friends?
What is the funniest thing a world leader (living or dead) have done?
How do you describe a matchbox in the most funniest way?
Any funny stories from elementary and middle school?
What are the best comeback lines for online trolls who are proven wrong?
Have you ever been clumsy on purpose to make someone laugh?
Is a prank text really a prank text if things are something awkward between you two?
What is your most embarrassing and funny epic fail moment?
Do you take it personally when someone calls you ugly as a joke?
Where can I find the Sarcastic Voice Datasets for Sarcasm Detection in Speech?
Can you write a parody of a popular song for the audience of Quora?
What are the best finance jokes?
Where can I find random funny videos monetizable within fair use?
Do you have any programming jokes?
What are some tips for having a sarcastic voice?
What are some jokes about Delhi?
How would you describe a "fluffy personality"?
What is the best funny incident in the world?
What are some funny stories that happened to you that I can say happened to me?
Should I respond to all “vaguebooking” by commenting with my own made up story to their Facebook post? I think it's funny.
What was the original meme?
What are some funny prank ideas for my sister?
What are some of Quorans favorite memes?
What is the National Alzheimer’s Coordinating Center neuropsych battery like for comedy or humor awareness?
Does Quora tag answers as humorous?
What is your funniest fart story?
My boss constantly make bad sexual jokes. I don't like it. How do I get him to stop without making a big issue out of it?
How do I make my work fun?
Which is the weirdest news you have ever heard?
What is your funniest/best Photoshop job?
What was the first meme?
What is the funniest thing that has happened on vacation?
What are some funny placement stories from BMSIT?
What are your favorite humorous books?
What's the funniest thing you did for sex?
Since when did self-deprecating humor/comedy become a thing/trend in America?
What r tears, aqueous humour or vitrous humour?
What does funny drunk mean?
What joke did you not understand as a child that you only just got?
What is dark humour? Could you explain with an examples?
Is self deprecating humor funny?
What are some funny facts about men?
What are some funny facts about world?
9gag became so racist & sexist. What other social media sites might I like if I want to enjoy memes & silly internet caption-type jokes?
What do the richest people in this world do for fun?
Who is the most funniest man in the world?
Where can I find a specific funny video of a guy cycling while making a weird face and humming?
How can you be an intellectual person, and funny, sociable (not awkward) at the same time?
What is a joke that makes you laugh every time?
What is your go-to funny story?
What is your most funny moment in school with your friends?
What are some good car jokes?
Why is Ali Alshamsi asked so many weird and funny question nowadays?
What is that one word which could leave on splits as soon as you heard it? What is the story behind it?
What's your funniest anecdote?
What was Isaac Newton's favourite joke?
What is craziest prank call you pulled and got caught?
What are funny employee engagement committee names?
Why most of the Indians makes joke on scientists as mad people?
What does sense of humor mean?
Do you know jokes about digital health?
What is the English translation for this: "maine jab chhat se tatti kari to vo aadhe raaste mein hi chhitar gayi"?
What is the most impressive Chinglish you've ever heard?
What are some witty conversations between a student and a teacher?
What was your funniest moment while in space?
Lately I've been finding memes less and less funny, why?
Is laughing fun and why?
What's a joke you didn't understand the first time you heard/read it?
How do I not overuse humor when conversing with other adults?
Why is Indian YouTube comedy/standups is so much dependent on vulgar words?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have threatened a child with?
What are your favorite friendzone jokes?
How many memes are made a day?
What is the best short, clean and fool-proof joke you know that can be delivered by anyone, even someone who is terrible at delivery?
What's the most hilarious but correct answer to a serious question you've seen on Quora?
Was it difficult to decide not to pursue stand-up comedy?
Let's be serious for a moment. Is humour laughable in a day and age like ours?
What was the last funny situation you saw?
What have been some funny excuses given for missing homework?
How can my memes be danker?
If God exists, then he must lack some sense of humor, mustn’t he?
What neuropsych test battery looks at humor?
Are there any "virtual swear jar" options for a company?
Have you ever heard of SMUTPUNK?
As a comedian, would you prefer marrying a funnier person or a person who laughs at all your jokes?
What is the most harmless, creepy yet funny way that someone has crushed over you or stalked you?
What are the wittiest n funniest answers on Quora?
Can I get admission into an IIT by answering a lot of IIT related questions on Quora?
What are some of the most weird names you have come across?
What are some of your favourite funny or inspirational quotes?
What are the common traits of genuinely funny people?
What is the most colorful epithet that you have ever heard on a royal/someone else of high stature?
What is the silliest fear you have?
How do you know you have a sense of humor, is it by what others laugh at or at what you laugh at? Does it lack charm to laugh at your own jokes?
Can you tell me some advanced physics jokes?
What is the weirdest fake language you have seen or heard?
What do you call a person who can't take a joke?
Has anyone ever seen President Trump laugh? I've seen an occasional smile but never an honest hearty laugh.
Who still thinks Trump is the biggest joke out there?
What are the advantages of stand up comedy as a profession?
Can you be deliberately funny without having a background?
What was the most funny experience on first date?
Why is it when I don't try to be funny I am funny?
Why do you have a funny name?
Why do boys laugh of the corny jokes of the girl?
What are the funniest things people have said in their sleep?
What was the worst excuse you ever heard from an employee/coworker for being late and/or not showing up?
What are some of the best comebacks you ever heard?
What is it like to be the EWO/WSO/RIO guy in the back of a fighter jet?
Do you like to tell jokes?
Will a girl joke about being pregnant?
What are some funny things that Maine Coon cats have done?
Why do people constantly try to make me out to be a joke?
Which funny joke did you crack today?
How does it feel to be the butt of everyone's jokes?
Why are funny people seen as not smart?
Am I the only one who prefer surreal-absurd comedy over insult-cringe comedy/mocumentary comedians do these days? I find the latter painful.
Have you ever farted on your hand and then sniffed it? Be honest.
What's so funny in watching someone fall down?
What are some funny ways to wake people up?
How can I improve my sense of humour and be more social?
Is this quote (written in the details section) funny?
Have you ever heard of/come across something that made you wondered ? What's that?
What are some examples of a short satire?
Which characters’ names, when first and last are switched, sound funniest?
How can I be more funny?
What is the most interesting and funniest conversation you have ever came across?
What food do you love that most people find gross?
Does Donald Trump have a sense of humor?
What is the funniest cooking mistake you have made?
Are there genes that affect a person’s innate sense of humor?
What are some good one-liners to describe myself?
What do FASFA workers think of the memes?
What is your favorite period drama that's also funny (such as Amadeus)?
What things were joked about in the 90s that would be offensive today? What are some things we can joke about now that would be offensive in 20 yrs?
Are there any good books on how to be funny?
What funny experience have you had with your iRobot Roomba?
Who are the best/funniest Qourans out there?
What is the best prank you have played in school or in front of a teacher?
Comparatively speaking, is something that is absolutely hilarious considered more or less funny than something which is bare jokes?
How do I react to vulgar jokes?
Do people actually do research on Conservapedia, or is it just a joke at this point?
What do you find to be the weirdest SCOTUS or state (USA) Supreme Court ruling?
What is your own comedy experences?
What is your comedy?
My plastic surgeon only makes jokes about gangrene and they are not sarcastic in nature, should I ask for a referral?
What would be a great joke between two AI-enhanced computers?
Which is most important if you want to be a perfect girlfriend - being beautiful or being funny, or something else?
Does money make people do funny things?
What's the best joke you can think of concerning NASCAR's new damage policy?
How could I become more entertaining?
Is it better to tell jokes with straight face?
Are there any good bee puns out there?
What's the funniest thing you saw while getting on a subway car?
What are some hilarious things about being a lawyer?
What are your best friend’s jokes?
What are your funniest and most humourous memories?
Which is your own funny life stories?
What is the best come-back line you've ever said or heard?
What is your most funny story on being forgetful?
What is the most funniest thing you see on Intermet today?
What is the funniest blasphemous joke that you know?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
What are some of your favourite Indian humour & cartoon blogs?
How can I come up with more jokes and find the confidence to say them out loud?
Is stand up comedy really just a form of expository writing?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen happen at a nursing home?
If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
How do I not laugh at school while studying?
What's the secret to one-line jokes?
How can I know that my jokes are really funny?
What is the funniest/weirdest way you’ve gotten somebody's phone number?
What is the lamest thing you've been sent out of class for?
Why don't they have ice in Europe? (it's not my joke, I heard it on TV, but seriously, why?)
Should I make fun of the ACLU?
Will you please make me laugh to feel better?
My dad keeps making "jokes" about me sending naked pictures to my boyfriend. I don't find it funny at all, I think it's weird. What should I do?
Who is the funniest character in your family?
Why does my humor translate much better to paper?
Who are the funniest YouTubers you've come across?
What's your favorite funny medical story that happened to you?
What are the funniest programmer jokes you've heard or read?
Are Christmas cracker jokes the highest form of humor?
What is best joke in Hindi which you heard in your childhood?
What anime make you burst out laughing?
What does it mean to have a dry sense of humor?
Has someone ever accidentally pulled a prank on you?
Why do people hide behind their humor?
How would you define American Humour?
What are some funny things that Maine Coon cats have done?
Have you ever managed to make a humourless person laugh?
Why do people constantly try to make me out to be a joke?
What is a funny reply to a strange girl who calls you bro?
Do you have a funny question to ask on Quora?
What are the top 50 one liners that could change my way of living?
What are some funny/ creative senior quotes to put on a jacket?
Am I the only one who prefer surreal-absurd comedy over insult-cringe comedy/mocumentary comedians do these days? I find the latter painful.
Can someone give me some really obvious jokes? Like all bald men have no hair on there head.
What funny and fail experience you can share that can be use as warning to others?
What would be witty puns with the word dough?
What's the funny thing you have ever done?
Why do we find use of puns humorous?
What is the perfect song to pull a lyric prank on your best friend?
How closely related are a sense of humor and intelligence?
Have you ever heard of Piers Anthony?
What is the funniest thing you've seen that included some advanced science?
Why is alcohol the subject of so many jokes?
What is the best come-back line you've ever said or heard?
What is your most funny story on being forgetful?
What are the best 50 positive one liners?
What do you think of people that like to laugh at other people's misfortune?
What is the funniest or weirdest thing your mom/dad has ever said?
Why do people think "potatoes" are funny?
What are the best, funny, history stories you know?
Do Monkeys/Apes laugh or tell jokes and make others laugh? I think it's one of the things that make the human race superior!
What was your most funniest classroom experience?
What is the funniest prank in the military you have seen?
How do I don't laugh?
What are some innocent prank ideas to pull on your mom?
What is something that is funny in your language but fails to be funny in other languages?
How can I improve my sense of humour and be more social?
It's really embarrassing to laugh at formal moments. Somehow, that happens to me a lot. How do I stop laughing?
What is the funniest cooking mistake you have made?
What are the funniest calls you have ever responded to as a firefighter, EMT, or cop?
What was the best sarcastic statement you ever read?
What are some funny trivia facts about you?
What is the most funny line you had ever used?
What are some dry humor?
Who is the most cringey singer you have ever heard?
What are some great pranks to play on teachers?
Why is there a stigma that women are not funny?
What is the silliest thing you cried for?
How do people choose their laughing style?
Was Ross's place of employment on the TV show Friends, “Museum of Prehistoric History,” supposed to be a joke?
Has Modi became a joke for people now?
What are the funniest superstitions you have in your country?
How do I not laugh at school while studying?
Does everyone with the last name Butts get made fun of in school?
What are the best movie soundtracks?
Why do you use sarcasm?
Why don't they have ice in Europe? (it's not my joke, I heard it on TV, but seriously, why?)
What is your favorite method for preparing a chicken?
How do I create memes?
What are your funny stories of being a third wheel, or being with one?
Who are the funniest YouTubers you've come across?
What is the lowest form of humor?
Is it normal to laugh alone?
What cannot be made into a meme?
What's the funniest fight you have ever seen?
Is it normal for me to laugh at Nazi Jokes and memes?
What are your (re) sources of quality entertainment (humour, comedy, music and theatre)?
How do I talk to my dog about homosexuality and communism?
Why is the word "denizen" listed as a humorous expression?
How do top comedians remember so many jokes?
What is that one line we could say to make a serious situation funny?
I'm sad, can you tell me the worst joke or pun you can think of?
Are prank calls or prank videos ethical?
What are some good jokes to use when talking to girls?
What are the funniest movies to watch with friends?
Is this quote (written in the details section) funny?
What is the best, quintessential example of originality?
Are there genes that affect a person’s innate sense of humor?
Is it true that today's engineers become a matter of jokes?
What causes us to laugh in sync without any forethought?
How do you talk your dog into homosexuality and communism?
What would be a great joke between two AI-enhanced computers?
What's the best and most savage prank I can pull on my high school?
What made you laugh over and over again?
There are times when I don't have any topics to talk about with my friends, and they get bored. What can I talk to them about that will make them laugh?
Do certain expressions of humor in one culture come across as being flippant or downright offensive in other cultures?
How funny is a funny bone?
What funny thing can I put after the line “I feel like”?
Do you enjoy jokes by Sambit Patra during debates?
Should a Christian laugh at inappropriate jokes on TV shows?
Should Christians laugh at sexual jokes in TV shows?
I want to be a fun blogger/ presenter like Tim Urban or Morgan Spurlock, but I am not funny when I spit out words, what should I do?
People whom I don't find funny think my humor is hilarious, while people who always make me laugh barely even chuckle at my jokes. What's my problem?
What are the best unpopular funny TV-shows?
What is the most extremely funny photo you ever saw?
Americans: What are the funniest stories of newly arrived Indians you experienced?
What's the best prank you've pulled on a sibling?
Is it right to make fun of people or watch amine?
How does it feel to be the butt of everyone's jokes?
What is the silliest/ funniest dream/ nightmare you have ever had?
Have you ever heard of/come across something that made you wondered ? What's that?
What are some bizzare porn categories you've came across?
What is the best police joke ever heard?
Do you believe in what most people joke about is actually how they feel?
What are some of the funniest reviews you have read on the Internet?
What are some prank ideas to pull on your brother?
My plastic surgeon only makes jokes about gangrene and they are not sarcastic in nature, should I ask for a referral?
What characteristics define cynical humor?
How could I become more entertaining?
Which is the Stupidest thing you have done when you are high?
Teachers, have you ever laughed at a student?
What are some creative and funny one act play ideas?
What dark humour is in 'The Woman in Black' Movie?
Is beauty in the eyes of 'beer holder'?
Did men in the cavemen era use humor and cracked jokes?
Can you tell a humorous talk between a couple?
What are some of the funniest lies that your customers have told you (especially for bargaining)?
What is the funniest/weirdest thing you have ever seen?
What's the secret to one-line jokes?
What is the funniest/weirdest way you’ve gotten somebody's phone number?
What are some really good humor or joke books?
Why do girls want sense of humour as a trait in guys?
Are Christmas cracker jokes the highest form of humor?
Why doesn't my cat have a sense of humor? Do any animals have a sense of humor?
What are some crazy/humorous things I should do right after I get my wisdom teeth removed?
What are some sarcastic sign boards?
What is the best punchline you ever came up with?
Why is Michael Savage so funny?
What is the stupidest thing that your teacher has taught you?
Do women always look for funny men?
What are the signs of good sense of humour?
What was your best drop the mic moment?
What is, in your opinion, the best meme?
What is an interesting joke?
What is the difference between being sarcastic and being funny?
What is prince Phillip like?
What are some good examples of typeface used in a funny way on a book or article title?
Is The Talk TV show the place to laugh out loud? Why or why not?
Have you ever laughed so hard that you peed your pants? If so, what was so funny?
What is your most remember-able funny incident?
What is a bad meme?
Why my whole shoulder shake when I laugh?
Is there a story behind 'Why did the chicken cross the road?' I don't understand what it is? Is it a joke or something?
What is the funniest story you have ever heard? (Can be real or fictional)
How do I handle Asian jokes?
What is a funny story about something being much closer than you thought?
I used to have a great sense of humor while in my teens. I've gradually been losing it as I reach my mid 20's. How do I get it back psychologically?
Why do some people have a rude humor?
What are some best puns which you can come up with right now?
What are some funny facts about emperor Puyi and Hirohito?
What are some funny story from when you were young?
Do you think that the jokes made by PewDiePie were in bad taste?
Has anyone faced any funny real life situation like 'Chandler and his boss' in Friends?
What does it mean if someone from the opposite sex is teasing with you jokes constantly but deems you condescending when you joke back?
How shall I develop a good sense of humor in my spoken and written English?
What’s a hilarious saying that people have used?
How do I make my sister laugh?
What actually really happens if you make a "BOMB" joke at airport security (a joke)?
If aliens are real, and governments don't want the general public to know about them, why are the aliens not showing themselves to the public?
What's the realest/most relatable tweet you've ever read?
What is a good joke?
What is the silliest complaint/argument you've ever heard from a child?
What is the funniest joke you have ever heard (and don't hold back no matter what)?
Which person gets more benefit in an interview, a sarcastic person or a person with a great sense of humor? They should have knowledge, but other than that, who benefits more?
What are some good ideas for roasting someone?
Who are the people making memes?
What are some of the best and funny Indian superstitions?
What is the funniest joke you have heard lately?
Where can I find a good stand-up comedy on YouTube?
How would life be if every person you meet in real life had an incredible sense of humour like depicted in Friends?
What are some funny chemistry accidents you have had?
How do I write clever, witty jokes for a comedy short film?
What makes people laugh at funerals?
What are the funniest sites or articles that make fun of the pua movement (pick up movement)?
Is "Dark Humour" everyone's cup of tea?
What is a dark sense of humor?
What are some funny wrestling sayings?
What are the greatest, funniest names you have ever heard?
What is the most ridiculous conspiracy you've heard?
Which is the most funniest joke in Hindi?
What is Dr. Gero a pun of?
Can you give me short funny stories/experiences that I can say happened to me?
What are some funny first nightfall stories?
What are some good funny nonsense quotes?
What are some fun facts about the Crimean War?
What is the most ridiculous (Silly/Stupid) death ever recorded?
What are the top 10 absolute worst puns?
What was Mr. Rahul Srivastava's best and funny experience as a diplomat in foreign nations?
Have you ever been the unsuspecting victim of a YouTube prank video?
Why do Mexicans love make fun of other people?
How can I master the art of insinuation?
How can I increase my sarcasm levels and sense of humor?
What does "cash me outside" mean? Or what Is it? Why are there memes/jokes about it around the internet?
Is Gabe Newell funny person?
Why would someone laugh and make jokes during serious moments?
What are the best and one liner answer on Quora?
What or who made you laugh in school?
What are some jokes about China?
What is the wittiest comeback you have ever heard?
What is the best mantra ever heard in your life time?
What are some funny examples of "Play stupid games, win stupid prizes?"?
What are some great jokes about countries?
What are tips or tricks to make a very serious person laugh or lighten up a little?
This is a funny and interesting question, but I would appreciate it if somebody answered. What do the crocodile and fire emojis mean ?
What are your favorite, funny anti-Hillary Clinton jokes?
Who is the person featured in the typical Indian father meme?
What are some logical jokes based on Einstein?
What's the funniest advice you have heard?
How can people call someone Dick with a straight face?
Why do we chuckle?
What do adults do when they joke around?
What's the best action movie one liner ever?
Why is a banana considered a funny fruit?
Does someone's personality define if they are funny or not?
What are some funny nicknames of cricketers around the world?
What is your opinion on dark humour?
Who is best in sarcasm in India?
What are some hilarious jokes in a question-answer format?
What are the top 10 funniest questions on Quora?
What are some examples of funny/jovial End User documentation?
What are some of the funniest political blunders or scandals in recent years?
If you had a completely bizarre and funny power, what would it be, and how would you use it?
Is it okay to laugh at our own mistakes?
What is your funniest fashion story?
What is the humours thing happend with you?
What is the lifespan of a meme? How long does it take to be irrelevant?
What is the stupidest answer you have ever got?
What is the meaning of the joke "anyway here's wonderwall"?
Wat is the meaning of sense of humor?
What are some awsome accounting jokes?
Why are so many people making fun of Sean Spicer?
What are some funny phrases to put on a New York-inspired valentine's day card?
What are some funny things about Indore and Indori people?
How can I be funny at any situations?
What makes Ron Swanson funny?
What are some funny parody videos of the form [America First,] "Country X Second"?
What are some of the dumbest invention ever?
What does "Spanking the monkey" mean and why do people seem to think it is a funny thing?
Does anyone you know have a really funny name?
What's the best on-the-spot pun you've told?
What are some mind blowing facts about Pakistan?
Can a BBW have fun while being gangbanged?
What are some funny 2 minute skits for middles schoolers?
What was the funniest thing your teacher ever did?
What are some things that make you to laugh easily?
Is President Obama or President Trump more difficult for satirists?
What is the most ridiculous thing that was ever made out of chocolate?
Does integrating humor and funny anecdotes while giving presentations and speeches about serious and important issues come naturally or take work?
What is the weirdest surname you have heard?
How popular is PSL Pakistan Super League among Indians?
What is the funniest thing a child has told a teacher?
Which is your childhood funny favorite Hindi poem?
What are things you cared about when you were a teenager but now you think they are funny?
What do Danish people think about this video making fun of the Danish language?
Is China a joke from Indian viewpoints?
How and where can I give audition for stand up comedy in Mumbai?
What are some good witty puns on coding that are to be printed on a hoddie?
What is your best sarcastic reply to your friends?
What is the funniest joke that would make you laugh hard?
Do Newfoundlanders ever get tired of hearing newfie jokes?
What are the best one word jokes?
Does ISTJ speak sarcasm too?
How do you know if you are coming across as flakey?
What was the first humorous start in your marriage?
What are some funny stories of Valentine day?
What are some funny examples of irony?
What are some funny comments you have heard about cricketers so far?
What is the stupidest thing ever done by historical figure?
I've a pretty okay sense of humor, talking sense and I love technology, I want to make a YouTube channel, so can anyone help me with the process?
What are some examples of things that makes you laugh?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen as an EMT?
What are some awsome websites for jokes?
What is the most hilarious complaint a customer has made to your company's product?
Why do people make fun of my name (Corn Hub)?
What makes a picture with words a meme?
How is Siri funny?
What is your favorite dead meme?
What is the most hilarious bet you have ever won?
What's the most insane/funniest thing you've ever done to the school computers/network?
Is Sasikala the biggest comedy of the year?
What's the funniest thing a family member has said or done at a family gathering?
What are some sarcarstic one liners?
What is your funniest love moment?
What is the best joke that you have heard from friends during exam period?
Which is the funniest tidbit?
How can you develop sense of humor? (I am an introvert but I want to laugh and make people laugh.)
What does "cling clang" mean or what's funny about it?
What would a shy monster do when it meets a human?
Should there be limits in comedy?
Do you know any good puns?
What is the best sarcastic remark you have ever heard?
How do I improve my on-the-spot humor?
What are the best funny monologues from TV shows?
What is something funny/weird you've been asked because of how you look?
What is most funny thing you have ever seen?
Why do some people like stand-up comedy that consists of insults addressed to the public?
Why do I find how cats walk funny?
How can I say something funny without being weird?
What are some funny translations of Bart's prank calls in dubbed versions of the Simpsons?
What is the most hilarious argument you have heard for God?
How do I make fun of a teacher?
Can you tell me an intelligent crazy joke?
What is your most ridiculous accomplishment?
What funny thing happened during sex that still makes you laugh?
If you laughed at a joke about someone told by a friend, how did your feelings change about that person?
What is a good sarcastic response for "how's life"?
Can a person's wittiness (and the ability to crack jokes spontaneously) be a sign that one is really intelligent?
Where should we cross the road?
How come anime is allowed to tell interesting and serious stories, but western cartoons can't and are mostly just limited to humor?
Why are people offended by culture jokes?
Does the old lady in the “Ye bik gayi hai Gormint” video knows about the meme?
What joke have you made that now you regret the most?
Why does not something funny make me laugh when I'm alone and when I'm accompanied?
What are some polite but vaguely insulting things you can say in a debate?
What prank to pull in a friend's bathroom?
How is humour and amusement produced?
What are the most interesting or funniest historical facts?
Did you date just to humour yourself?
What should I do? I find it difficult to laugh at my bad experiences and be light headed.
What is the funniest thing as a teacher you saw or heard?
Are more people today unable to laugh at themselves?
Has anyone ever made you so mad that you did a sincere cynical laugh?
A boy shared a funny joke, does he like me?
I think my boyfriend is playing a prank on me. How should I respond?
What are the funniest Social Media posts you have came across in India?
If you were to create a religion, what would it be called, and what would be its principles?
What is trading floor humor?
When may satire, sarcasm and irony be appropriate even considering it might hurt some peoples feelings?
What does it feel to be an infamous meme?
Which is the hardest brainteaser you have ever come across?
What are the funniest cooked up stories someone has ever tried to tell you?
What is the funniest game you have ever played?
Why do Sundanese people have such good humor?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever seen?
What are the best books on how to be funny?
How does Indian humour differ from UK or US humour?
What was the most funny thing you did when you were a toddler?
What are the best one liners that you wrote till now?
Do people earn by posting trolls and joke's on Facebook?
Which joke make me laugh hilariously?
What are the best "knock knock" jokes you've ever heard?
Is the Peter Principle only a joke or does it make sense?
What are some really funny stories involving poop?
I'm new to Quora; what inside jokes should I know?
What is the sickest (but funny) limerick you've ever heard? (No holds barred)
I find a lot of left-leaning (good) humor on TV and on the internet. Where do GOP and Trump supporters go for a good laugh? I'd like to check it out.
What is your funniest Model UN story?
What are the most beautiful one liners you ever came across?
Why are fart jokes so funny?
Do offensive jokes serve a purpose?
What’s the most unprofessional or offensive thing you have heard a teacher say in class?
How do I gain sense of humour?
Who is the original author of joke "Better Nate than Lever"?
What's the funniest thing you overheard from a group of teenagers?
Does joking mean real things sometimes?
What are some embarrassing memories that makes you laugh now?
Why do people think it's cute/funny when their child throws a fit?
What is the best joke of last year?
Which country do you have the most fun making jokes about (without needing to be rude and racist)?
What is the cheesiest one liner you can think of?
Do you know any good satirical post-Trump-inauguration jokes?
What are some funny linguistics memes?
What are some funny love status?
What kind of practical jokes do mainland Chinese play on each other?
What is the weirdest name you've ever seen?
What are some jokes to entertain other people?
What is the greatest pun in the world?
How funny would it be if Google and YouTube were developed in India?
What if there is no mechanical engineering?
What could be some intelligent comebacks when someone makes fun of my "ripped jeans"?
If some of your friends crack a joke on you in the presence of your girlfriend, what do you do?
What is the most hilarious WTF moment in your life?
What are some one liners you have made on your own?
What is the funniest prank you have ever played on someone, whether it be on a friend, family or stranger?
What is the most ridiculous reason that someone try asking for leave?
Which are some good sarcasm related websites or pages?
What are some funny surnames that you came across?
What are the most humorous examples of slang from back then?
How do I increase your Sense of Humour?
What's the funniest thing you overheard?
What is the funniest thing that you have?
Why do I always come across as awkward?
What normal word makes you laugh?
What's an interesting fact you came across accidentally recently?
Can you answer these idiot test questions? Suggest me some better questions to ask in next Idiot Test.
What was the weirdest prank call that you have received?
What are some funny one minute monologues?
What is the most funniest experience you had with your co-workers?
If I want to have a good laugh, where should I go on the Internet?
How would you explain this comic strip? Why whappens what happens?
What are the satirical jokes that goes around about the current turmoil in Tamilnadu politics?
What are the funniest pick up lines or one liners?
What's the funniest Pilish poem you've ever read?
What are some of the funniest appearance on “X got talent” shows?
What is your favourite Hafez's verse (as one-liner)?
Who is the biggest Trump fan you've ever come across?
Will people ever stop making Sikh jokes?
What are some dumb ways to lose money?
What are the most weird dishes that you ever tried or heard in your life?
What is the funniest lie someone has ever told you?
What is the funniest thing you've seen on the internet?
Choosing among elf, imp, or leprechaun which is the most likely to whack a person with a stick in a joking and harmless way?
What are some corny dad jokes?
How sensitive is it for partners to joke about bedroom issues?
What are the funniest incidents of people with OCD?
Which one liners can we use in day-to-day conversations?
How can I do research on paronomasia (pun)?
Is offensive humor funny to you? It is to me, but I see offensive jokes as jokes about offensive people, rather than offensive content.
Is it normal to think about/recall a joke and laugh?
Why does the chicken have to have a reason to cross the road?
I am a amateur stand up comedian. I start writing for my 60min stand up comedy special. How should I start and Structure my content?
Why do girls laugh at petty things or for no reason at all?
What's the funniest or weirdest false accusation you've gotten?
What are the best Model UN superlatives you have ever heard of in committee?
What is the origin of roller derby names as creative puns?
Have you ever said something serious that was taken as a joke? What was it?
What is a funny cat joke that is SO funny it prevents depression in cats, dogs, humans and chickens?
Which is the shortest physics joke that you know of?
What are some of the funniest gun fails?
What are some of the best one liners from TV series?
What are some really funny things that happened with you?
Can anyone share a good joke on uniform, either school uniform or office, military?
Which is the most shocking/hilarious gossip or a rumor you have heard of a celebrity?
Using only the auto-complete function on your smartphone, what wacky paragraph can you come up with?
How can you talk humorously in English in short sentences and without much effort?
What is the name of someone you know that Quora definitely wouldn't like?
What are some funny engineering poems in Hindi?
What is the dirtiest joke in the world?
Can I get funny caption for "celebrating success with friends"?
Which has been the funniest way you had been rejected or laid down easy?
What is the most witty response to something you have asked?
What are some really funny things that happened with someone else?
What's your funniest gaming storytelling?
What's the funniest punishment you received when your parents were angry?
Will you make up a joke?
Why don't I laugh anymore?
I don't have a good sense of humour, it makes me quite ashamed of myself at times.How do I enhance my sense of humour?
What was your most ridiculous dream?
What are your best inside jokes with your friends?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in a serious way?
Is yee considered a meme?
Can you make a modern meme based off Quora, and post it below?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you at work?
What are some funny stories I can tell my friend who is feeling overwhelmed with life?
How can I design a survey in order to clarify the subtle differences of different people's understandings towards certain humorous discourse?
What is the funniest incident that you experienced in Pace, Nerul?
What are responses to "I mustache you a question"?
How can I be funny to women?
Is it wrong to laugh at bad makeup?
Who is the funniest most ranting contributor to Quora and why?
Can you tell me a funny series like 'Friends'?
Why do people make fun of Coldplay so much?
Do US police really make jokes and puns when arresting people?
What is your most funny doodle you made during a lecture?
What are some of the best sarcastic remarks you made when you were made fun of?
Can you describe a person or something that made you laugh?
Is the ability to make people laugh a gift?
What is the creepiest conversation you ever had on social media site?
What is a mock laugh?
What's your funniest incident that occur in your relationship?
Who is the most clever in Quora?
How do I make my own jokes for public speaking? I am really sarcastic in real life but I can't joke when it comes a formal event. Why is that so?
What are some funny things about the balkans?
What are some funny reasons for “Why are you single”?
What famous historical figures had great senses of humor?
What are some funny pictures you've seen?
Have you ever been in a situation where you lacked sense of humor?
Can Quorans post some of the funniest pics here?
What is the funniest product fails you have ever seen?
What do you think about joke questions on Quora?
What are your silliest sentiments?
What are some of the funniest meme images of Rahul Gandhi?
Can I make fun with my teacher?
What is your special talent?
I am not a bright person and often have troubles following instructions and this makes schoolmates to insult and laugh at me. Should I quit college?
What shall I do to become more stupid?
Is Trumps statement that an “an attack now will be the judges fault”the stupidest thing ever said by a sitting president?
What is the most silly thing you have done?
What did I learn today? Who did I love? What made me laugh?
What are some funniest complains you have received in your career?
What kind of pranks happen in the military?
Can someone post photos of all casts of Just for laugh gags?
Do you know a very good joke? I would like to compile a bunch of good ones.
What did you bought at a store that made the cashier cringe?
Honeymoon nightmares which you came across or anything you experienced?
If it's offensive to make jokes on rape ("my team raped them 5-0"), is it less offensive to make jokes on murder/death ("my team murdered them 5-0")?
Are humorous speeches appropriate for speech competitions?
How can I use one liners to make conversations interesting?
Which is the most funniest joke a person must have ever heard?
In stand-up comedy, is it a tradition to end the show with a joke referencing another joke told earlier?
Is it okay to call the real police about unorthodox problems?
What are the funniest Facebook comments you've read?
After your puberty how you felt when you have shown your bum to male/female doctor for injection?
Has your sense of humour ever helped you wriggle out of an embarrassing situation?
Will the concept of a "meme" ever trancend the label of an "internet joke"?
Which are the funny fishponds you have ever heard?
Why don't Quorans appreciate sarcasm?
What should you do if some of your friends are always laughing at you and kidding you?
Is laughing and making fun of others psychologically acceptable?
Why is it that sometimes we can’t stop laughing?
What is your drill instructor's funniest fail?
What is sarcasm? Give me an example.
What was the funniest thing your kids did in public which was embarrassing to you?
What's the funniest talk with a scammer that you've had in your lifetime?
What is the funniest thing to say to Siri?
How can I get used to be more ironic and witty?
What are you most embarrassing Beirut or Lebanon moments?
What do you think about the "My name is Ninooo" meme?
How do you make the memes writ people make comments?
What are different Doctype you have come across?
What is the most funniest thing that happen in public places?
What's the funniest decal or sticker that you seen lately?
What is the funniest thing a kid has put on their test/homework?
What is the best joke about pilots you have ever heard?
Is this a nice poster for my campus computer service business?
Do American Muslims have a sense of humor about themselves like Jews, Blacks, gays, and many other marginalized American cultures do?
What are the funniest last words?
What's your favourite Ramsey meme?
How can I make my farewell speech funny?
What is the funniest advertisement you have came across?
How does western humour differ from Chinese humour?
What is the stupidest form of cheating you have ever seen?
What are some of the funniest things that any politician has said?
What is Canadian humor?
What are loss memes?
What are some good ideas for a funny homecoming shirt?
What are some unintentionally funny moments in serious movies?
Why are botanists made fun of in the movie "The Martian"?
Can I improve my sense of humour?
Is it true that there are two types of guys, a boob guy and an ass guy?
Which of your own insults that you've ever said do you find the most entertaining or funny?
As a social worker what is the funniest story you have heard?
What was the best comeback you said to your parent?
What were some of the failures you experienced when doing stand-up comedy?
Has there ever been a person in premodern history that has written a negative review of their own book?
What's the funniest computer problem you ever saw?
I saw a weird WiFi connection that contains the words "FBI" and "Surveillance". Is this a prank?
Is it okay to say nigger jokingly?
Why do we like fun?
Why do people make fun of c#.net developers?
What would be the best news titles about a real Alien visit?
Why do people feel like they need to buy their cats a friend but not that they need to buy them a boyfriend and let them raise a family?
What was the most exciting food that you came across in Kerala, India?
Canada, would you be willing to adopt America's blue states?
What are some funny lip sync ideas?
What are examples of funny monologue ideas?
What are some good comebacks to "you're ugly" and not something innapropiate?
Can anyone share the most funny incident related to their periods?
What is the most funny but inspirational short story you have read/heard?
Why do people laugh a lot?
Where can I find a source of humor that it is not dumb or sarcastic?
Did you laugh so loudly today?
What are some funny things that occurred to you?
What is the funniest thing as a kid has?
What is the most hilarious thing you have experienced in your medical practice with your patients?
What is the smartest thing you ever heard a kid less than 10 years of age say?
What is the funniest military NCO speech, or shit talk that you ever heard?
Have you ever laughed uncontrollably in a class?
Is Irish humour similar to British?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen at your campus?
Do you think it's harmful to use sarcastic humor with young children? At what age will they understand you're only joking?
As a funeral director what is the funniest thing that has happened to you or a family?
What would be some funny questions to ask on Quora?
What is the wittiest piece of sarcasm used by a politician?
If someone always wants to talk to you but you don't feel like talking to them at the moment what are some good questions to ask that have no answer?
What was the stupidest thing you saw on TV today?
What are some funny moments with your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What kind of jokes do you get due to your name?
What are some jokes that do a good job of explaining why something happens?
Are limericks written in languages other than English?
Could somebody tell me a joke which is actually funny, easy to remember and can be used in any given social context?
What are the best examples of wittiest moments?
What is the wittiest thing you have ever heard someone say?
How can we best respond to commonly used phrases that use gender-specific words to convey a non-gender-specific personality attribute?
Can you prepare a comedy short skit on the theme before and after Jio for 10 minutes?
Why do babies always look at you funny?
What are the best funny animal pics that you have seen till now?
Have you ever had a real life experience that was like a badly written porno?
When we get invaded by space aliens, how will you properly greet our new overlords?
What are the most useless funny tips ever?
Did Abbot and Costello write their own material?
Why am I laughing uncontrollably at mildly funny jokes?
What's your funniest story of someone sleeping in class?
What are the 10 funny things you want to do?
Imagine the world is ending in a month's time, what are the crazy things you would like to do?
How do I make yourself funnier than you actually are?
Why aren't female YouTubers not funny as male YouTubers?
Where can I have fun and laughter on Quora?
Is there any incident happened with police that makes you laugh?
Can you compose a short humorous poem right now from nothing?
Is Leo valdez funny?
I am not naturally funny. Can I ever become a stand up comedian?
Do you have any funny cartoons and/or stories about Trump?
Which is the most funny advertisement?
What are some jokes about terrorists?
How do I stop making sex jokes?
What are some funny classroom stories from an IIM?
What is the most unbelievable incident you ever came across?
What are some examples of funny miscommunication?
Can introvert be good at jokes?
What is the most interesting idea you have ever heard?
Do you have an intelligent but funny friend?
What are some good prank ideas to play on parents?
Why do people often love to make fun of a person? Is it ethically correct?
I want to find funny an good reviews about bobsweep. Where I can find them?
What is the most hilarious song you’ve ever listened to?
Who has had a negative or funny experience working for rich kids?
What are some of funniest conversation with your parents while you were high smoking marijuana?
What are some joke formats in stand-up comedy?
What are some of the best/funniest protest signs you've seen?
How can I be funny, in my own way?
Do professional comedians stutter or sometimes forget their jokes?
What are the funniest moments you shared with an elderly person?
What is a one-word joke?
What are some "alternative facts" about Quora?
How do you make someone laugh really hard?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have ever heard about Africa?
Are too many people trying to do stand-up comedy these days?
How much does being funny overlap with being derogatory?
What are some good jokes related to morals and ethics?
What are some of the funniest memes and jokes on the Internet?
What is a witty response to someone's stomach noises in order to reduce awkwardness?
What are some best Hindi Jokes (text) of all time?
Is there danger in the humour inherent in postmodernism?
A guy and I have been talking for about 8 months now 4 days ago he cracked a joke I wasn't comfortable with so I told him not to crack such jokes?
What are the best offensive jokes (you can't help but laugh at)?
How do scientists joke?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a politician say?
Are there standup comedy in Iran?
What should I use as my fun fact when people ask?
Do you have any memorable Sergeant Major jokes to share?
How does one deal with funny people?
Why do unfunny people use a lot of profanity when trying to to be funny?
Are there any running jokes/memes specific to or originated on Quora?
Have you ever laughed your way through an orgasm?
People from USA are cool with jokes or laughing on themselves. Why?
Which are the most wierd photos you have ever came across?
How do I completely and utterly kill and remove all my emotions forever, never to exist again, without losing my mind or intelligence?
What is the difference between jokes, memes and trolls?
How can I stop being stupid and trying to be funny as a teen?
Do people who find the German language funny, unattractive know that Germans also find other G. accents funny, and make fun of Hitler's way of speaking?
What is the one funny thing you did in college which no one knows about?
Why do I joke about insecurities?
Why are laugh tracks used so much?
What is the biggest size of penis you have ever come across?
What's an example of a time when a sick burn backfired?
Have you tried netizentales.com for funny story writing?
What are some funny incidents in your school days?
What are some best funniest 'memes' which make you laugh whenever you see?
Can one cultivate their sense of humor?
Is courtesy laughing seen as a form of 'kissing up?' Is this consistent with our views on what constitutes 'kissing up?'
Can my father joke with me?
What are some hilarious clothing tags?
What is something that you felt bad for doing, yet was ridiculously funny?
What are some ideas of funny pranks to pull on your mom?
What are some funny answers for basic math problems?
What are some good artworks or comics about Donald Trump?
What is the most ridiculous holiday?
What is something funny about you?
What were some of the funny moments during your viva?
Why do people sometimes make fun of the American Air Force?
What are some funny mathematics jokes?
Is humor more important than love?
What are some of the craziest, funniest stories from roommates in a shared house?
What's the funniest complaint you've seen in a visitor book?
A girl I've slept with texted "get in the kitchen and make a sammich. Know your place missy" as a joke. What's a funny, cocky response?
What is the best prank you have ever pulled on someone?
Why don't people like my jokes?
What was the stupidest sentence you ever heard?
What's the shortest joke?
What is the funniest thing you have noticed while surfing Quora?
Why do people use " shut up " jokingly?
Will memes die?
What is the funniest thing you saw while in prison?
What is the funniest website?
What do you sound like when you laugh?
Is it possible to change my laugh?
Is humor used in political discourse out of fear of sticking seriously to principles?
How do comedian handle a situation when they crack a bad joke and everyone stares the hell out of them?
What made you laugh out loud recently?
What books do you recommend reading for improving sense of humour?
What is the funniest autocorrect fail you have seen?
What are the best sarcastic shows on online?
Do homeless people get knock knock jokes?
What are the best dark comedy monologues?
Is "post truth" just a meaningless liberal meme?
Are there clowns who practice edgier humor than the typical clown?
What is your favorite internet joke?
What's the most innocent and funny question a toddler has asked you?
What are some terrible puns?
Do you think this is funny?
What is your favourite funny photo?
What are the funniest passwords you have ever seen or had?
Can I kick the person if he or she shouts my crush's name out loud to the class?
What is the funniest thing about the internet itself?
Isn’t it funny how love and laugh are so very similar sounding? Is there a relation?
What do you think of Pappu Gandhi's jokes?
Is all humor and wit really just a connection of one thing to another?
What is the most ancient joke known today?
What's the funniest thing you parents have done to let you get a girlfriend?
What are some funny LoTR elvish phrases and their translations?
What is the best British-style joke you know?
What is your favourite one-liner from a movie?
What are some cool jokes about murphy's law?
What are some jokes only smart people will get?
How can you make me laugh mathematically?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
What are self-deprecating jokes?
What are some funny clean dares for kids?
What are some funny class president slogans?
What are the funniest names of a business?
What is the funniest doctor story?
My boyfriend keeps taking offense on jokes that I make about him. What should I do?
Can you tell me your favorite puns and jokes about chemistry, cats, science, and animals?
What are the best memes in tamil you have come across?
Do you have any experience of laughing at serious situations?
What are the funniest Play Store "What's New" update descriptions?
Why are rape jokes not funny?
What is the funniest or more embarrassing experience you ever had when showing a listing for rent of for sale?
Why do we laugh at inappropriate times?
What are some good and funny monologues?
Can someone share Funny ATC - Pilot exchanges happened in real?
What are some of the funniest language mishaps that you've encountered?
What are some of the foreign names of objects, food items, and places which have been modified by Indians in their own way, and which seem so funny?
What's the corniest joke you know?
What are those funny phrases or words Americans often use?
What are some funny instances in which words were misheard?
Do you ever feel bad about having a dark sense of humor which might offend some people?
Is Megapologetics a joke?
What are some funny or ironic moments in history?
Slang: What are the most creative euphemisms for using the toilet?
Why is the response "I got 'em all cut" to the question "did you get a haircut" supposed to be funny?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've ever did to one of your teachers or students?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever walked in on?
What is a good joke in Spanish about women's intelligence?
What is your best "prank gone wrong"?
Is there a current influx of joke-questions or has it always been like this?
What is the most funny thing you did in public?
What is the thing that made you laugh so hard today?
How do people get hilarious and funny ideas to make 'memes'?
What's behind the Overwatch autistic jokes?
What are the funniest moments in Family Guy?
Why did the lava cross the road?
What is a good joke in Quechua about women?
Have you ever had an imaginary thing that makes you think that you are in certain situation and makes you talk and act and even laugh?
What can I do if my driving instructor is not treating me properly?
How do I fight back people who makes fun of me in public?
What are some funny stoner questions?
What are some of the funniest drunk photos?
What's the funniest thing ever happened in a beauty pageant?
What is the funniest thing a student said to you?
What are some examples of funny car wash signs?
What are the most funniest placarsds you have ever seen during a cricket match?
What are the best books on humor theory?
What is the best knock knock joke you know?
What's the best way to memorize a joke?
What are some of the funniest fake machine learning and deep learning projects?
Whats the most ridiculous riddle you ever heard of?
Who is the first humor writer in world?
What was the funniest reason someone went to a hospital?
What are some good pranks to do with friends.?
What are some funny stories from your first years of teaching?
What was the last thing you didn't remember?
If your dog had $100 to spend, what do you think they would buy?
What is the funniest food writing?
What is the most ancient joke known today?
What comedians should I listen to if I enjoy really bizarre and witty humor (I.e, like that in Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels)?
What are some funny PS3 user names?
What are the funniest names of a business?
What has been your best comeback to an insult?
Why do we get the giggles about something that is not really that funny, but is actually kind of stupid?
What's your biggest mistake you still laugh over?
Why do Mumbaikars make fun of Thane?
Are there any countries or cultures today where the use of sarcasm is extremely rare?
Do you ever make fun of someone's answering machine message?
How "witty" do you consider yourself to be? Are you clever?
What are some hilarious lame jokes?
What are some good humorous interpretation pieces?
Slang: What are the most creative euphemisms for using the toilet?
Why does body shaming of men is accepted and taken as a joke or in a comedic manner?
What is the dirtiest adult jokes?
Is the original chicken that crossed the road still alive?
What are some of the funniest drunk photos?
What is the name of this woman/model in this picture?
Whats the most ridiculous riddle you ever heard of?
What's the funniest thing you've read about yourself that wasn't true?
What would you consider to be 10 funniest and most hilarious movie scenes ever?
What is the most hilarious answer ever made in Quora?
What are some funny LoTR elvish phrases and their translations?
What's your best joke? (Any joke. Just give it a shot).
What was the funniest and emotional thing that your sister did?
Why do people make fun of Michael Jackson?
What are the weirdest rules your school has/had?
Share the best jokes or funniest situation you ever had or heard?
What is action comedy and how does it become action comedy?
What are some new funny jokes?
How is humor illogical?
What is the dumbest thing anyone has done to you?
What are the best golf jokes?
Do you have any experience of laughing at serious situations?
What are some color puns?
Why do we laugh at inappropriate times?
Have you ever hopped into the wrong car thinking it was yours?
What's the most depressing sentence you've ever heard?
What's the best spontaneous comeback you ever had?
Is it strange that I find fish humorous in any given context?
What are the funniest jokes about goal setting?
Can you give an example of British sarcasm?
What are some funny names given to dogs in India?
How do I come up with funny jokes?
What was your funniest experience at a concert?
Do you think Krishna, the so called comedian nephew of Govinda, is even funny?
What are the most funny videos found on the internet?
Do you ever feel bad about having a dark sense of humor which might offend some people?
How I study sarcasm?
What is your best "prank gone wrong"?
Why are dead baby jokes so funny?
What are examples of funny persuasive essay topics?
Are there any kids books with adult humor?
What are some ridiculous mathamatical jokes?
What is a joke that can make an old man laugh?
Is it okay to make fun of poverty?
Who is the first humor writer in world?
I was made fun of because of my name and called a terrorist. How do I deal with this?
What is the funniest way to answer interview questions?
Which is the Most funny name or surname you have ever heard?
Do you think this is funny?
Can I kick the person if he or she shouts my crush's name out loud to the class?
Do most people like people who make fun of themselves as humor?
How can I create good humorous interpretation pieces?
What's the weirdest thing you do?
What is the weirdest reason you heard for choosing a politician to vote for?
Can you say something to make me laugh so hard I can't stop for ten minutes?
Why don’t geniuses get sarcasm?
Is sarcasm overrated?
What is a clean joke in the form of a story?
How can I come up with ideas for hilarious lame jokes?
What are some good examples of funny satires?
What is the most weird religion you ever heard about?
What's the longest story you can make only with puns?
What are some of the foreign names of objects, food items, and places which have been modified by Indians in their own way, and which seem so funny?
How do people develop sense of humor?
What are the silliest death scenes?
What are the best practical jokes ever played on the General Public?
Do you know a funny/positive birth story?
Why does Bob Kostic get away with his racist jokes on Twitter?
What is the one thing about your friend that makes you laugh out loud?
What is the best joke to tell if asked to tell one on the spot?
What is the most funny or interesting anecdote that you heard happened in a court proceeding?
Is Batman the wrong person to ask about humor?
What's a silly story that always makes you laugh?
What is the funniest true story you ever heard about first-time love?
Is http://thejokecafe.com the best joke site ever ?
What's the best way to memorize a joke?
What are some witty replies to you are lame?
Why do Indian people make fun of Sardars (Sikhs)?
What are some good pranks to do with friends.?
How do you tell if a girl genuinely laughs at your jokes?
Is all humor and wit really just a connection of one thing to another?
What are self-deprecating jokes?
Can you tell me some funny facts about Boston?
How can I joke more?
Why do girls giggle and laugh when they see my bare-chest?
What could it mean if a girl says "Ahahah" to something that is not funny, or intended to be a joke?
What's funny about your life?
What are some creepy pranks to scare the crap out of guests?
Do girls like it when guys laugh at their jokes?
What are some clever and dark yet funny jokes?
What's the funniest compliment you've ever received?
What is the interesting information you came across today?
What are some of the examples of Political Correctness?
If a girl you like tells you that one day you will make a great dad because of your dad jokes, is that considered an insult or a compliment?
Can you tell me some funny riddles?
Will you please make me feel better and tell me a joke or a funny story?
What was it about Voltaire that is deemed witty?
What's your weirdest funny dream?
What was the greatest lie you came across?
What are the best books on humor theory?
How do I add humour in a serious topic?
What are the mpst funny questions about Engineering?
What are some of the funniest fake machine learning and deep learning projects?
What are some examples of funny situations?
Has anything funny happened to you at a funeral?
In what situation would an intrusion be regarded as funny?
What are some funny questions to get to know someone?
What is the funniest story of Alexander Hamilton?
I can't remember the last time I laughed. Can I learn how to laugh and experience joy?
What is the most ridiculous thing a politician has ever said?
How do I update myself to be more clever and witty?
What is the most ridiculous political statement you have heard of?
How can I prank with people scaring them?
If two people on opposite sides of the world each dropped a slice of bread, would the earth become a sandwich?
What would be a good comeback to “No shit, Sherlock?”
What do you do when someone starts telling you a joke that you think might be offensive?
Are there some things we should never make jokes about? What things, and why?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been proud of?
Trump makes me laugh. Isn't that a good thing?
What TV series have the wittiest dialogues?
How do I add humour in a farewell speech?
Why do the majority of Americans lag a sarcastic sense of humor? (Or ironic)
What are some creative office pranks?
What is the dumbest thing you fell for?
Which is the best memes you have seen in Facebook so far?
What are some of the meanest/worst pranks you ever pulled on someone?
What's the weirdest or funniest thing you have seen in an airplane?
What are the greatest jokes that have just taken place, or are currently taking place, or will take place in the near future around the world?
What should I not joke about in your country?
What are some examples of anti-jokes?
Are there any particular topics that are often used for jokes in your country?
What is your funniest moment in VJTI?
What is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed or done?
What is that weird snort noise people make when laughing with their mouth full?
Does anybody have a funny story to share about the class 12 results?
What is a common joke evolutionary scientists have about humans?
What are some simple yet mind-blowing practical jokes?
What was the last time u laughed out louder?
What are the funniest thing about CA?
What is the most funniest thing that had happened at your home?
How can one be immune to people making fun of them?
Why is a person without a sense of humour like a food without salt?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen?
What are various funny or dangerous situations you and your friends faced after drinking bhaang?
Has Donald Trump ever said anything witty?
Four of Kim Jong Un's top generals stand in front of him and start making fat jokes. What happens next?
What are some funny snow stories?
Have you ever witnessed a funny funeral?
Am I as funny as I think I am?
What is the reason that you laugh out loud right now?
Can you, in English, explain a hilarious wordplay which only works in your native language and still make us laugh?
How does sense of humour differs from country to country? Could you describe the difference?
What can the Encryption Theory of Humor tell us about women’s history and “missing” keys in late night television?
Do Germans make jokes about the Polish people a lot?
What's the funniest line ever in a movie?
What are some of your most irritating moments with your parents?
What is the epic typo or auto correct you did that lead into a huge joke or embarrassing moment?
What is with Stevie Wonder and his blind jokes?
What is your opinion of 'blue' (risqué) jokes?
What elements of humour do you think are universal?
Should you use humor in a battle?
What is so funny about Bailey's changed batting style?
How do sitcom writers come up with so many jokes?
What are some of the worst pranks you, your friends, or your siblings have pulled?
What do most people find funny?
Did the chicken cross the road?
Is humour always at someone's expense?
What are some funny recent British sitcoms on Netflix?
"Why did the peasant cross the road? To render the buildings on the other side." What does this joke mean?
Is Pom Poko a funny movie?
What is the most unintentionally funny thing you've ever seen on live TV?
What is the significance of Poor Jokes(PJs)?
I'm bad at comebacks. I can think of a comeback only after the argument is over. How can one come up with witty comebacks quickly?
What's the funniest broadcast line ever?
What are some hilarious posts that only gamers will understand?
What are some funny mistakes made throughout history?
In your opinion, what is a kind of joke that gets old too fast?
What do you think is a funny present for someone born on April Fool’s Day?
Which book made you laugh out loud recently?
What jokes will you not get until you read it again?
When is humor good?
Why do some people make fun of their own race or ethnicity?
What would be your code of ethics for pranks?
Are people who joke about how they're suicidal sick?
Is humor the highest sign of intelligence?
Have you ever met someone who was an exceptional human being without a sense of humor?
Do you think the prank calls made by RJ Naved on his show 'Mirchi Murga' are all fake?
Why do girls laugh more than boys do even for the silliest jokes?
What song should I prank to a guy that has a crush on me?
What are some hilarious "Puneri Pati" in Pune?
What are some witty replies to people who get on your nerves?
Has life made a joke of you?
What are some of strangest jobs related to death?
What is the funniest things you heard one person say to another in a totally serious mode?
What the funniest test answers from kids?
Which type of apostrophe abuse or spelling mistakes do you find the most amusing/annoying?
What are some examples of funny hockey chirps?
What is the funniest mondegreen you've heard in your whole life?
What are the best examples of Ancient Roman humour?
What is the best humor poster you have come across?
Has comedy ever been implemented into code?
What is the shrewdest recruitment strategy you've ever come across?
What is the funniest thing that has happened in your entire life?
What is the smallest organism that can process/create humorous events?
What are the wittiest taglines you have come across?
Why do people molest girls in the name of a prank?
How much money do you need to give The Avengers to fight the Kardashians?
What cringe-worthy jokes do you know?
What is the funniest thing that you ever heard Lucy say?
What differences, if any, did you notice in the humor of Seinfeld after Larry David's 1996 departure?
What are some of the most hilarious corruption of someone's name?
What are your funniest/most interesting stories of falling asleep on a train/bus?
What is the easiest to understand definition of fermentation that you've ever read or heard?
Why do some people laugh at a joke when others don't?
I don't look good when I laugh. What should I do?
How should I get better at cracking jokes?
What are some weird things that happen at sleepovers?
How do I not laugh when I'm delivering a purely humorous speech?
Do you think that different cultures have a different sense of humour? If so, how would you explain?
What are some good ideas for pranks?
What are some examples of deadpan humor?
Which site/app do you follow for funny stories and pics?
Have you ever made fun of yourself so that your friends are happy?
What are some groan worthy jokes?
How did you develop the courage and ability to do stand up comedy?
Do you think Crazy Sumit should be punished for 'Kissing Prank' and then it should be called as Prank too?
What was the funniest screenshot you took on your phone?
What are some funny incidents in client call?
What's the funniest thing you've heard or seen from a tour guide?
What are the most ridiculous corporate rules at your job?
What is the best joke about Paris?
What are some witty taglines/slogan on IT-Security?
What are the funny diplomatic embarrassment in a meeting between two head of states?
How can I avoid awkward silence while also being funny and entertaining?
What is some of your favorite answer that you bookmarked?
I have this habit of making different funny faces when I am alone. Is it normal?
What's funnier, jokes about someone's mom's weight, or jokes about someone's mom's sexual appetite?
What is the weirdest thing you've said to try and close a deal?
What is the most funny thing you have ever done in public?
What path should I take to write the best joke that ever existed? What factors are involved?
What are some good IT/Computer jokes, quotes, or funny sayings?
What are the weirdest religions you have ever heard of?
What are your favorite 5 pranks on YouTube?
What are the wittiest Quora credentials?
Can you share stories/tips on non-confrontational methods used by women to prevent men from groping or ogling them in the workplace or community?
What is the funniest thing heard about the 2000 note?
What licences are required to organize a small stand up comedy show in India?
Why does people laugh on others?
How do I make an introvert girl laugh?
What are some funny memes and images about China?
What are some contrasting proverbial humor you have come across?
What is the most bizarre and hilarious insult you have heard from a child?
What's the funniest way you saw someone get robbed on the street?
What things do you frequently get mixed up?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard about yourself?
Lawyers, what's the most ridiculous legal statement or claim you heard from a layperson?
What was your funniest experience on Quora?
What is the funniest meme/gif/joke on the internet, in your opinion?
What word do you think sounds weird or funny when you say it out loud a bunch of times?
What's so fun about being a programmer?
Where can I get new funny videos?
What can I expect during my first flight? Fear, vertigo or fun?
Is Australian humour more like British humour, or more like American humor?
What is the funniest test awnser you have ever seen?
What is the stupidest thing you ever heard?
How do I think of jokes on the spot and be funny at school?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling China?
What are examples of humorous trivia questions?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Bangladesh?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Tamil Nadu (India)?
Why don't female comedians as funny as male?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Assam (India)?
Is it necessary to ban memes?
What are the most hilarious sentences that you've encountered on Duolingo?
Which site/app do you follow for funny stories and pics?
Do you think Crazy Sumit should be punished for 'Kissing Prank' and then it should be called as Prank too?
Is standup comedy a lucrative market?
What is the funniest or strange signboard you ever came across in your life?
I think my jokes are as generic as my idealogies. What do I do?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Kerala, India?
What path should I take to write the best joke that ever existed? What factors are involved?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in the Andaman and Nikober Islands (India)?
What are some of the best Dank Indian memes?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Punjab (India)?
What is the most bizarre and hilarious insult you have heard from a child?
What are some famous examples of hyperboles?
What is the funniest thing you have seen that made you feel like a terrible person for laughing at it?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Nagaland (India)?
What is the funniest thing that you heard on the Seinfeld show?
What is the most difficult brain teaser you ever came across?
What are some hilarious "Puneri Pati" in Pune?
What is the weirdest way you've ever flirted with you?
What is the silliest question to ask?
What is the funniest mondegreen you've heard in your whole life?
What are some funny ways to ask someone out?
Does India have jokes on their Prime Minister?
What is your favorite joke by Bo Burnham?
What are some tips for your first standup comedy routine?
Why are people made fun of for trying?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Jharkhand (India)?
What do the police do when they find out they were called out by a "swatting" prank pulled on gamers?
What are the best jokes made about fake news?
What are some funny ways to make an old looking website that is under construction?
What is the weirdest thing you came across?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Uttarakhand (India)?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Pakisthan/India?
What are some good Star Wars based jokes?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Tripura (India)?
Why do the majority of physics teachers and professors have a good sense of humor and crack really good jokes? Does teaching physics make you funny?
What do people find funny in 2017?
What are some of the funniest things to happen during a "cam" bootleg taping?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard about yourself?
What does fun mean to you? How do you have fun?
What was your funniest experience on Quora?
Is Quora a laughing stock as it's been reputed to be?
What are some of your original meme creations/ideas?
Is there a word for something that is funny because of the way you say something instead of what you said?
What's so fun about being a programmer?
How do you control laughing when you are serious but someone tries to dismiss the seriousness by making you laugh?
What song should I prank to a guy that has a crush on me?
What are some of strangest jobs related to death?
What are some funny/silly superstitious beliefs in India that you have come across?
Who was the strangest person you've ever met when visiting America?
Which is the most amusing part in my life?
What is the weirdest show you've ever seen?
Why do I enjoy ironic memes so much?
Why do people are posting jokes on females which ruin their image?
Why do some people not like crude humour?
Do women like men wearing funny undies?
How do I write humour?
What was the cruelest joke/prank you ever saw?
What are some witty taglines/slogan on IT-Security?
I have this habit of making different funny faces when I am alone. Is it normal?
What is the meanest, worst prank you have ever heard of?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in West Bengal (India)?
Is having fun important?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Haryana (India)?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Uttar Pradesh (India)?
Where can I get new funny videos?
What is the funniest test awnser you have ever seen?
Why do girls laugh more than boys do even for the silliest jokes?
Is the Naked And Funny TV show even legal?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Daman and Diu (India)?
What are some funny and innocent prank ideas to pull on your husband?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Maharastra (India)?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Karnataka (India)?
What is the best way to prank your boyfriend?
How would Russia fare under a Zhirinovsky presidency?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Orissa (India)?
Is it okay to crack fat jokes?
What are some weird things that happen at sleepovers?
Do you agree that memes should be banned?
What is the dankest meme you have ever witness?
What are some of best and funny responses by e-commerce company to weird questions asked by customers on social media?
What are some things that others find funny but you don't?
What is the best joke about Paris?
What is your funniest "my parents visited me in America" story?
Do you ever laugh at your own answers?
What is the weirdest thing you've said to try and close a deal?
What are some good IT/Computer jokes, quotes, or funny sayings?
Do you really feel that Indian stand-up comedy shows are good these days?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Bihar (India)?
How do I know when I am really being funny?
What were some pranks that went too far?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Manipur (India)?
Which type funny videos do you like?
What is meta humor?
Have you ever managed to make a humourless person laugh?
How do I practice playing with words to improve my sense of humor?
What counts as laughing?
What are the best beginner stand up comedy tips?
What are some cool/funny/interesting things to ask Google Assistant?
What are the best WhatsApp groups for sharing jokes?
What’s the best joke you know?
How many April Fool’s pranks has Google pulled off to date?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
Who is the funniest politician of India?
Who are the best/funniest Qourans out there?
What is the perfect song to pull a lyric prank on your best friend?
What should I do to effectively tackle sarcasm and be sarcastic?
What is an interesting joke?
What is the most daring prank you have ever played on anyone?
What are some of the best/funniest jokes in bad movies?
What are some funny snow stories?
I think my jokes are as generic as my idealogies. What do I do?
What are some things that have gotten INFPs in trouble unintentionally?
What is the epic typo or auto correct you did that lead into a huge joke or embarrassing moment?
Why do we laugh when we hear a joke or see something funny?
If the Voyager probes were sent back to us by aliens, what graffiti on the outside of the ship would be a funny message from them?
What is the most hilarious thing you saw on Quora?
What are some of the funniest leave applications that make you laugh out loud?
What is the funniest reply to 'No one else is the best like me'?
What was the funniest blind date you have been on?
Have you ever felt that the cultural style of humor in another country was different from what you were used to?
Using only the auto-complete function on your smartphone, what wacky paragraph can you come up with?
What are some hilarious sex stories?
How can I become ironic and tastefully funny?
What's the funniest photo you've seen on the internet?
What are some funny ways to come out as a trans?
Is it bad that I laugh at Nazi and 9/11 jokes?
What was your most funniest classroom experience?
Are all jokes meant to be funny?
What is the most funny thing that you have read on Quora?
What are the strangest anecdotes you have heard relating to the Mandella effect?
What kind of jokes are funny in China?
What constitutes a bad meme?
What are the most ridiculous moral panic moments recently?
What are the most funny political incident in Indian political history?
What are some of the best jokes that teachers would love?
Is there any English skit that is both really funny, yet has a message?
How do you access your sense of humor when your mind feels full of fog and tears?
What are some good resources on understanding the mechanics of humor/comedy?
Has anyone faced any funny real life situation like 'Chandler and his boss' in Friends?
Which has been the funniest way you had been rejected or laid down easy?
What's the funniest talk with a scammer that you've had in your lifetime?
I can't remember the last time I laughed. Can I learn how to laugh and experience joy?
Which are the funny Hindi sitcoms?
Why do Germanic people (without UK) have a blunt sense of humour usually?
What is the funniest encounter you've had on guard duty?
Is it good to be a funny person?
What was the funniest and emotional thing that your sister did?
Should it be illegal to make fun of gay people?
What is the best jokes of your country?
What is the dippest conversation you have ever heard?
What are some funny facts about men?
What is the sneakiest thing you've ever done?
What food do you love that most people find gross?
Which is your all time favourite joke?
What are some of Ghalib's wittiest lines?
How do girls feel about people cracking friendzone jokes about them?
Do you like dank memes?
Where can I find write-ups online with witty and humour-filled contents?
Which Tamil movie made you laugh so much?
Is it bad that I find it amusing to laugh and point at primates in cages?
What are the funniest movies where a nerd helps a jock, and vice versa?
What is the most funniest video you watched?
What are some comedy duet scenes?
How do I stop trying to be funny and trying to fit in as a teen?
What are some of the most creepiest/funniest questions asked on Quora regarding exams?
How do you make a kid laugh?
What is the funniest joke you have ever heard (and don't hold back no matter what)?
What are the silliest dangerous things youve done?
Is there such thing as a Trump supporter who is funny?
Why don't I laugh anymore?
What are the funniest thing about CA?
Do people with Asperger's usually have a "safe" sense of humor or do they usually have a "darker" sense of humor?
How do I stop talking and try to be funny in class as a teen?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
How do you work around different senses of humor with a family member?
What are some funny history jokes?
What is the most common fraction that one comes across every day?
Have you ever actually laughed at a knock-knock joke? If so, what was it?
What is a witty definition for a programmer?
What are some interesting funny stories?
Is it legally possible to deny a statement made on the 1st April, claiming that it was merely an April fool’s joke?
What are some funny/comedy Kannada old songs?
What is the funniest or most sad example of a faulty assumption someone you have encountered has made?
Why are fart jokes so funny?
"Why did the peasant cross the road? To render the buildings on the other side." What does this joke mean?
Is "It's just a prank brah" a reasonable excuse for a really bad joke or inflicted pain?
Is it possible to do Internet memes or jokes about genetics, science, studying, taking exams, college life, etc.?
How can I make humor/meme content go viral on social media?
How do I create memes?
My dad keeps making "jokes" about me sending naked pictures to my boyfriend. I don't find it funny at all, I think it's weird. What should I do?
What is the funny part of our life?
What is most funny thing you have ever seen?
How many memes are there?
Why is the word "denizen" listed as a humorous expression?
What are the funniest questions on Quora you have come across?
How do top comedians remember so many jokes?
What are some of the inspirational or funny quotes I can use as a status on my WhatsApp?
What is the funniest thing that's happened at a place you've worked?
What are some funny analogies?
What are some memorable or funny things your drill sergeant said?
What are some funny things about famous scientists?
What are loss memes?
What are some cool jokes about murphy's law?
What are some of the best examples of a ‘not my job’ attitude (humour)?
Is Sharknado funny?
There's a joke that I've been telling for years. Thought it was borrowed, but I just googled and it's 100% pure/original. Should I try and sell it?
What could be a good song to prank a guy?
Why don’t geniuses get sarcasm?
What is the most ridiculous (Silly/Stupid) death ever recorded?
What's the dumbest question you've ever heard?
What are some funny linguistics memes?
Why do we laugh when we see someone fall? Is there any scientific investigation/reasoning for that?
How can you describe the purpose of the vitreous humor?
What do Usain Bolt, Ludwig van Beethoven and Madame Hooch have in common?
What are some good eggnog puns?
What are some sad one liners?
What are some of the best witty comebacks to sarcasm?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have ever done to hide that you are attracted to someone?
Why do people are posting jokes on females which ruin their image?
What are the best places in Karachi for playing pranks on people?
What are some of the funniest April Fool’s funny messages?
Who is currently in possession of Bob Monkhouse's joke books?
Do you have a bad habit of laughing at serious moments and you try hard not to but you end up laughing more?
What are some funny incidents in your school days?
What is the favorite poetry piece of Trump?
Four of Kim Jong Un's top generals stand in front of him and start making fat jokes. What happens next?
What are the funny diplomatic embarrassment in a meeting between two head of states?
Why do liberals often make fun of conservatives but get triggered when people make fun of them?
Why do some people dislike stand-up comedy?
Why do very old things become memes?
Is this a good April Fools’ prank: https://youtu.be/_iIGMhjNGCc?
...
What was the best prank played on you?
Why did my grandmother say that I know nothing about time just because I was joking around about what time it was?
Is having fun important?
What would be some funny questions to ask on Quora?
When someone tells me that "you are a joke," what does it mean and how should I respond?
How do people differ in enjoying humour?
Who are people I should follow if I want to laugh (with profanity)?
What is the most funny or interesting anecdote that you heard happened in a court proceeding?
What are the best "You see Ivan" jokes?
Can I make fun with my teacher?
What are some of the funniest meme images of Rahul Gandhi?
What are some jokes about China?
What are some funny answers for basic math problems?
What's the funniest hazing experience you had as a pledge?
Why do we laugh contemptuously?
Can you tell me about the hilarious but emotional incident that took place in your life?
What is the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
Do you have a fail proof way of making someone laugh?
Why do some families like corny jokes?
Have you ever had a girl make you laugh?
Why does my humor translate much better to paper?
What are some examples of funny car wash signs?
What do you think of fun?
Are there any "virtual swear jar" options for a company?
I want to be a fun blogger/ presenter like Tim Urban or Morgan Spurlock, but I am not funny when I spit out words, what should I do?
Do you think comedians should be allowed to make jokes on sensitive issues?
What is the best reply to "beta result kesa raha"?
What are some good pranks to do with friends.?
What is the stupidest thing a Bollywood celebrity has ever said or done?
Why do I start laughing for no reason?
Who is the person you would want to make laugh the most?
When in life can you say, "I am happy” or “I am the happiest person on this planet”?
Will a girl joke about being pregnant?
As a comedian, would you prefer marrying a funnier person or a person who laughs at all your jokes?
What is the funniest ad you have seen?
How does a child develop the sense of humour common to their country/area?
What are some of the funniest things that any politician has said?
Why do most teachers have no sense of humor?
How can I naturally be funny and charismatic around people without coming across as awkward/forced?
What is the funniest life tip you ever received?
Can any one tell me some funny but harmless pranks for April Fools' Day at school?
My boyfriend keeps taking offense on jokes that I make about him. What should I do?
What are some fun pranks to play on your limo driver?
Are one-liners from sitcoms, movies, and cartoons copyrighted?
What is a bald, cheesy walrus?
Can you guess how many times you made a sex joke in a week?
Any Indian advertisement that made you laugh?
If you ordered a pizza and the delivery person showed up with a small child instead, what would you do?
What do adults do when they joke around?
Does a narcissist have a natural sense of humor?
What is the funniest workplace joke you've heard or read?
Did you ever fall for Google's April Fools pranks?
Why do we find some jokes funny while other jokes irritating?
What was the funniest screenshot you took on your phone?
Which is the Stupidest thing you have done when you are high?
Have you ever noticed that obese people are quite full of a sense of humor?
Have you ever been a victim of just for laughs?
What are the best 6th year pranks?
What is the best way to come up with comebacks?
What is your opinion on dark humour?
Why do I laugh when I'm in physical pain?
Should you use humor in a battle?
What are the techniques used for Joke Writing?
Is humor used in political discourse out of fear of sticking seriously to principles?
What are some good books to read in the genre of humour?
What is your favorite sex joke?
What are examples of weird and funny phrases?
What are the best books on humor theory?
What are some funny stoner questions?
What is the best sarcastic remark you have ever heard?
What are the best funny monologues from TV shows?
Would you buy such a T-shirt (www.sufferingsucks.com)?
What are the best sarcastic replies ever given by a cricketer to media?
If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Is the Women's Charter a Singaporean joke?
What's a funny, embarrassing or interesting neighbour story that you have to share?
Do you take it personally when someone calls you ugly as a joke?
What are some funny ‘henlo’ memes?
What do you think about the "My name is Ninooo" meme?
What was the funniest comeback line you have ever said?
What is the corniest saying you have ever heard?
Wat is the meaning of sense of humor?
What could be the best and funniest new year resolution one can decide?
How do I think of jokes on the spot and be funny at school?
Can you bombard me with terrible puns?
What's the funniest decal or sticker that you seen lately?
God seems like a pretty serious guy. Does any part of the Bible mention him laughing out loud, or perhaps even having a small chuckle?
What is the most ridiculous, funny, weird, or horrible travel experience you have ever had?
Who is who in the Joker's joke in the end of "The Killing Joke"?
What are some of the most amazing one liner motivational quotes?
Where does humour come from?
What would you think, if I answered your/any question with an offensive joke?
What are the top Santa Banta jokes in India?
What is a moment you can now think back on and laugh about?
How do I make yourself funnier than you actually are?
Is this link funny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
What is your most embarrassing or awkward moment when you said something and immediately realized you shouldn't have said what you just said?
What's your biggest mistake you still laugh over?
Why don’t wives give a damn about their husbands’ sense of humor?
What are some of the most clever jokes in Rick and Morty?
Who can draw a pic for this pun, “icy you”?
Who is the greatest comedian of all time? Is it Kevin Hart?
Can you give an example of subtle humor?
What are some things that used to make you angry but now make you laugh?
Which site/app do you follow for funny stories and pics?
Why do I laugh at people?
What is the funniest or strange signboard you ever came across in your life?
What should I do? I find it difficult to laugh at my bad experiences and be light headed.
Whats the funniest thing you ever seen your mom do?
How can I extend the "run time" of my jokes?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen on Quora? Also, how do you feel about questions of this sort? Are they a waste of time?
Where can I find some genuinely funny jokes?
What kinds of things really make you laugh? Why?
Would a show about a dragon who farts fire be funny and super popular?
How do I laugh at myself?
My boss constantly make bad sexual jokes. I don't like it. How do I get him to stop without making a big issue out of it?
Why do so many woman want a man that "makes them laugh"?
If you could make one corporate April fools joke announcement real, which one would it be?
What are some funny things in the southwest?
What is a YouTube channel that shows tech news with humor?
Do you think dihydrogen monoxide should be banned?
Have you ever had an imaginary thing that makes you think that you are in certain situation and makes you talk and act and even laugh?
What is the funniest thing you have seen that made you feel like a terrible person for laughing at it?
Why do some comedians seem to never laugh?
"This mission is a joke!" does it mean the mission is extremely easy or hard?
What is the name of this woman/model in this picture?
Who is a person you've ever met who has a great sense of humor?
Can we have a funny discussion?
What are the funniest things that teachers have heard from their students?
When comedians tell jokes about real tragedies, such as the Holocaust or suicides, are they taking it too far?
What does it feel to be an infamous meme?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
What's the funniest thing you've read about yourself that wasn't true?
What are some funny names for a pet dog?
Who has the funniest memes?
Can you tell a joke or funny story that used to bring the house down but now is no longer funny or at least needs explaining?
Which is Al Franken's funniest book?
It's really embarrassing to laugh at formal moments. Somehow, that happens to me a lot. How do I stop laughing?
What if Stephen Colbert and Donald Trump switched jobs overnight, what would happen?
What are the best books on how to be funny?
How can I have more flowing conversations, joke around, etc.?
What if the president pretended to nuke a country as an April fool's prank?
What is action comedy and how does it become action comedy?
Do Americans understand the very English humour of comedian Harry Hill?
What's the realest/most relatable tweet you've ever read?
Is there any room for a sense of humor in the military?
What is that funniest thing you ever had with a friend and laughed a lot?
What is a funny part in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWKVJHKlSM?
...
What are some of the weirdest or funniest things you have seen happen during a wedding?
What are some of the funniest misheard lyrics (buffalaxed) songs?
How do I have fun?
How do I start a stand up comedy as a fresher?
What is the most funny or strange question your child has asked?
What things were joked about in the 90s that would be offensive today? What are some things we can joke about now that would be offensive in 20 yrs?
Why do people make fun of c#.net developers?
What are some dry humor?
What is the funniest pickup line you have ever heard?
Who has the best memes? Can you show us?
What are those memes that pertain to intelligence called that are similar to increasingly verbose memes?
What type of joke do you hate most?
What is the origin of April Fools’ Day?
What is your funniest boner story?
What are some funny ways to make an old looking website that is under construction?
What are some of the best and funny Indian superstitions?
What is the best joke on cricket that you have ever heard?
What are some exercises to make witty answers? How does one do it?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
What is your go-to funny story?
Why is it extremely bad to make jokes about gay people?
What is the meaning of "Aao kabhi haveli pe"? Why is it funny?
What is something you laugh at yourself for?
I'm new to Quora; what inside jokes should I know?
What are the funniest superstitions you have in your country?
What is your best "prank gone wrong"?
What does fun mean to you? How do you have fun?
What is the funniest thing you have seen at a party?
How do I start doing stand-up comedy? I need some pointers.
Are jokes and witticisms a lot like deeply revealing micro-expressions (a.k.a. windows to our souls)?
Should there be limits in comedy?
What's your funniest anecdote?
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
What is your favourite current meme? Why?
What are the greatest, funniest names you have ever heard?
How and when was the first joke written?
Which is the Most funny name or surname you have ever heard?
What is the funniest story of Alexander Hamilton?
Why most of the Indians makes joke on scientists as mad people?
Can I kick the person if he or she shouts my crush's name out loud to the class?
What are your funniest classroom memories?
What are some funny things about Indore and Indori people?
How can you tell sarcasm or statements on Quora as a joke?
What is your best joke today?
What are one liner motivation quotes with "I" in them?
What are some good ideas for a funny homecoming shirt?
What should I not joke about in your country?
Can I improve my sense of humour?
What are some popular Suppandi stories and jokes?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube that made you laugh really hard?
Does your country have a saying about the British/English? I've heard some funny French ones but curious if there are any others.
What is a funny response when people ask me where I am from, or where my home is?
What is the most insane and hilarious way for two men to settle a diagreement?
Can you describe a person or something that made you laugh?
What is the creepiest conversation you ever had on social media site?
Regarding stand-up comedy, do you have to pay to do an open mic?
What are some good memories which make you laugh even today when they strike in your mind when you are playing cricket?
Why is military humor so sarcastic?
What was Mr. Rahul Srivastava's best and funny experience as a diplomat in foreign nations?
Have you ever been the unsuspecting victim of a YouTube prank video?
What is the weirdest name you've ever seen?
What are some funny/interesting things you have observed in Kolkata?
I don't understand the reason why people pull pranks, can someone explain why people do them?
What are some examples of horse puns?
What are some funny incidents that happened in Indian weddings?
What are some of the funniest hypocritical moments you can think of?
What is the most weird religion you ever heard about?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have spent a lot of money on?
Who are the funniest teenage Quorans?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
How do I apply for a comedy writing job?
Who are some funny writers on YourQuote?
What are the least respected forms of comedy and why?
What April Fool prank ended up costly?
What if there is no mechanical engineering?
What is the best short, clean and fool-proof joke you know that can be delivered by anyone, even someone who is terrible at delivery?
What is a funny note you created?
What's the weirdest thing that's ever happened to you when gaming?
What is the most hysterical prank you or someone else has done?
How would you kill someone with one piece of popcorn and a meter of yarn?
As an actor, how do you make yourself laugh in a believable way?
What was the funniest moment of your life that made you laughed the hardest you have ever laughed?
Why does the earthworm cross the road?
What's the funniest thing you have done in your life?
What are some jokes related to standard operating procedures?
Which are some good sarcasm related websites or pages?
Is Pom Poko a funny movie?
What are some ideas of funny pranks to pull on your mom?
What's a silly story that always makes you laugh?
Why is laughing pleasant?
What was the funniest do or die situation that happened to you?
What are some high-class problems?
What are some of the best memes you seriously laughed at?
What is your special talent?
What if I'm the only person who thinks I'm funny?
What is the funniest thing to happen to you whilst at customs in the airport?
What was the origin of narcissist jokes?
Can you tell when people are secretly making fun of you?
What is something incredibly funny you've experienced or seen or heard about?
What is the most extremely funny photo you ever saw?
How do I stop trying hard to be funny?
How does a humour-lover download humour for free?
Is the Naked And Funny TV show even legal?
What did I learn today? Who did I love? What made me laugh?
Why isn't SNL funny anymore?
Why does my Italian friend not find British humor funny? In what ways are Italian and British comedy different?
What are your thoughts about the website 9gag?
Do you have any funny bilingual moment to share?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Karnataka (India)?
What are some funny ways to wake people up?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone do in a store?
How is the 100 day calculation April 29th instead of April 30th?
What is the meme of the month?
What are some bizzare porn categories you've came across?
What was the funniest thing your teacher ever did?
What are the best pics you have come across?
What are the funniest things you do without showing anyone?
What do you think of satirical writing?
Do a lot of people find stand up comedy having less effect on them as they age?
Do girls like it when guys laugh at their jokes?
What is your least favourite dick joke?
What is that one motivational one-liner that keeps you going when monotony tests your tenacity?
Why don't people like my jokes?
What are some puns for the word "rush"?
What are some prank ideas to pull on your brother?
What are some of best and funny responses by e-commerce company to weird questions asked by customers on social media?
Which is the most funniest joke a person must have ever heard?
What is the greatest short joke you know or have heard?
How can I understand if someone is being bullyied or it's all just jokes?
What are some of the worst jokes you ever made?
After your puberty how you felt when you have shown your bum to male/female doctor for injection?
What is the weirdest laugh you ever heard?
What are the guidelines which enable consistency in wit? What rules should one follow to always have a witty retorsion to sarcasm?
What is the funniest website?
What is the dumbest thing you heard a liberal say?
What are the most weird dishes that you ever tried or heard in your life?
What is the lamest thing you ever heard from someone who has a higher position than you?
Why do intelligent people find most things funny?
How do I respond to being tagged in memes?
Is it possible to change my laugh?
What is the most funny thing you did in public?
What is the funniest/weirdest thing you have ever seen?
What are some funny memes and images about China?
What is the best “the bass dropped harder than…” joke you have ever come across?
Is the Everyday Feminism magazine a joke?
What books do you recommend reading for improving sense of humour?
A Dothraki and a Wildling walk into a bar. How does the rest of the joke go?
Why do I find how cats walk funny?
What is the funniest autocorrect fail you have seen?
Can you be deliberately funny without having a background?
What is the most hilarious situation in your life?
What is the funniest thing you have come across while at the gym?
What does it mean to have a dry sense of humor?
What was the worst excuse you ever heard from an employee/coworker for being late and/or not showing up?
What's the weirdest thing that happens in your school?
In psychology, why do others make fun of passionate people?
Can you be sarcastic?
Is sarcasm the best form of comedy?
What is the best line you ever heard/read in your life?
What is the worst/funniest thing in this world?
What is your most pointless but amusing fact?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What are some of the most funny facts about Bengalis?
How do you make the memes writ people make comments?
What are some crazy/humorous things I should do right after I get my wisdom teeth removed?
What do you think of Pappu Gandhi's jokes?
What are some funny PS3 user names?
What are some of the funniest times you have laughed when you shouldn't have laughed?
What's the best definition you've ever heard for an "amateur entrepreneur"?
Do people on Quora like to have fun?
What is the best short story you have ever heard?
Is a sense of humor and being witty a form of intelligence?
What is the best/funniest/smartest passive-aggressive thing you have ever done?
Do Germans have a sense of humor?
What is the stupidest way you have ever been introduced?
Why do girls laugh at petty things or for no reason at all?
What has been your best comeback to an insult?
What does it mean when most of my best GFs always joke that they want my man if I ever pass away? Do other women experience this? Whats the context?
Is there any incident happened with police that makes you laugh?
Is there a site where I can share a very offensive but funny collection of stories? Most sites reject extremely offensive writing.
Why do so many Quorans have no sense of humor?
What do Danish people think about this video making fun of the Danish language?
Do you think it's important for people to laugh?
Are there any countries or cultures today where the use of sarcasm is extremely rare?
What is it like to be the funny person in a group?
What do you think about German humor and what do you associate with it?
Is it necessary to ban memes?
What is the funniest, weirdest, or best band name, in your opinion?
How can you make an awkward conversation even more awkward?
Can you make some memes about Quora?
What are good lyrics prank for you to prank your friends while you are just 13 years old?
What is the funniest Freudian slip you have ever heard?
Do you have any funny cartoons and/or stories about Trump?
What are some of Quorans favorite memes?
What are the funniest tweets by Virendra Sehwag ever?
Who was your most funny girl friend?
What is the smartest thing you ever heard a kid less than 10 years of age say?
What is the best funny picture/image you have ever seen?
What is the National Alzheimer’s Coordinating Center neuropsych battery like for comedy or humor awareness?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen at your campus?
What are some examples of things that makes you laugh?
Is anyone interested to join our startup as a blog / article writer?
What are some of the best Dank Indian memes?
Are there any funny stories or memories or characters from your life that you want to tell me about Great falls tutoring?
What would you do if someone has called you a pedophile as a joke?
What's one of the worst dumbest comebacks you ever came with?
What are the differences and similarities between comedy and philosophy?
Is humour always at someone's expense?
Why can't Indians take jokes?
What are some funny things I can say to subtly confuse people?
How did 'Santa Banta' jokes actually started or what is their source of origin?
How do I start a stand up comedy club in India at a place with no comedy clubs?
Which is the weirdest news you have ever heard?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
What are the funniest moments in Family Guy?
Do Royal Navy submarines always torpedo whales that they encounter, or only if they're attacked?
What is the source of WhatsApp jokes?
Who is the funniest character in your family?
If you were to create a religion, what would it be called, and what would be its principles?
Are love relationships a topic of humour in all cultures? And why?
What is your single most favorite joke from the TV show "The Simpsons"?
What is the funniest thing that has happened on vacation?
What is the name of someone you know that Quora definitely wouldn't like?
What lyric prank shall I do on my sister?
What is the dirtiest joke in the world?
Do you think that the jokes made by PewDiePie were in bad taste?
Is there any humor or comics about WordPress themes, plugins, or development; or WordPress culture in general?
Which are the best teacher-student jokes?
What does funny drunk mean?
What are some things military people find funny but civilians don't understand? For example, they find incorrect salutes in movies quite amusing.
How do I give a funny, decent answer to 'how was your holiday/day?' when it wasn't much (it was dull and mundane)?
What is the funniest game you have ever played?
What does this joke mean - "Three pairs of ski's, two pairs of ski boots and one pair of crutches for sale"?
Why do Sundanese people have such good humor?
What is the funniest thing about the internet itself?
What is the weirdest way you've ever flirted with you?
What is the most ridiculous crowdfunding campains you have ever seen or heard of?
What is the silliest question to ask?
If a public "prankster" pranks you, are you allowed to harm them?
Where can I find long funny jokes in English or Hindi?
Does India have jokes on their Prime Minister?
What is the most hilarious song you’ve ever listened to?
What's the funniest thing you've done to a stranger?
Would "Finding Hoarders" be a better title than "American Pickers"?
What was the best sarcastic statement you ever read?
Why does my man laugh at uncomfortable times?
What are some good shower pranks?
Is there a successor to Don Rickles or did his brand of insult humor die with him?
What kind of jokes from Last Week Tonight are computer generated? What kind of jokes are not?
Who is the most funniest man in the world?
What is the price you've paid for being sarcastic?
How do I become funny like Kenny Sebastian?
Who is the most cringey singer you have ever heard?
What are some bad, yet hilarious, puns?
What are some of the best scientific memes out there?
Why is there a stigma that women are not funny?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
Can I get arrested for one prank call, no threats just plain fun from the ownage pranks app?
How do people choose their laughing style?
What is the weirdest thing you came across?
What are your best inside jokes with your friends?
Is the Peter Principle only a joke or does it make sense?
What is one joke that has never gotten old?
If you were to do a spoof on Trump and Alice and Wonderland, what would it look like?
Why do the majority of physics teachers and professors have a good sense of humor and crack really good jokes? Does teaching physics make you funny?
How I study sarcasm?
How should one develop humour and also keep improving at it?
Should I pull a joke on my sister?
What are some crazy funny airplanes?
What are some awsome websites for jokes?
Why is Patton Oswalt such an unfunny hack?
What is the weirdest or funniest thing to happen to you while travelling in Kolkata Metro?
How is it like to get pranked by Ownage Pranks?
What are some good car jokes?
When was a time you walked into a room, saw something, then turned right around and walked away?
What are some of the best aao kabhi haveli pe memes you have seen?
Why is Toontown fun?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
What was your best (worst) face-to-palm moment in Quora, ever?
What is the best/funniest graph you've ever found/made?
Are the jokes on stereotypical Indian moms examples of casual sexism?
What is the funniest or strangest place name you have heard?
Do offensive jokes serve a purpose?
What are some of the funniest/most clever reviews and comments you've seen on porn sites?
What's the funniest broadcast line ever?
Is there danger in the humour inherent in postmodernism?
How do you improve sense of humor?
What are the funniest internet reviews you've ever found about Haribo sugar-free gummy bears?
How do you deliver a joke to maximize humor?
How do men feel when their partners have a better sense of humor than they do?
How can you describe the purpose of aqueous humor?
Should Quora let us tag a funny answer so we can find a good laugh when we need one?
What are some funny, clean, blonde jokes?
What could be the best sarcastic reply to those who tease one for being Jain?
What is the best joke in Norway about the Swedes?
What song should I prank to a guy that has a crush on me?
How can I get someone to get 8 detentions in the most humiliating way possible?
What is your funniest HoI4 Millennium Dawn experience?
What is that one line we could say to make a serious situation funny?
Who has created the most trending memes?
What's the funniest thing you overheard from a group of teenagers?
How do you make failing funny?
What's the most innocent and funny question a toddler has asked you?
Do Americans find British humour funny?
Is it possible for an atheist vegan who does crossfit to go 10 minutes without telling someone about it?
What is a witty response that can be used against nearly any insult?
Why maximum jokes are on wife only. She is most important but still jokes, why?
What are some great sense of humour you came across?
Why are jokes immune to plagiarism? We don't cite the source of a joke, and the creators don't get credit. Yet, it was authored just like prose.
Can you say something to make me laugh so hard I can't stop for ten minutes?
If Devdas and Chunnilal were in Bihar today, who would have lived or died because of the liquor ban?
Lately I've been finding memes less and less funny, why?
What is the funniest reply to this question, “Why would you kill yourself for another person”?
What are some good one-liners to describe myself?
What is your favorite joke to tell at parties?
Why are memes so popular?
What are the top 10 absolute worst puns?
What is the funniest medical emergency you've ever heard of?
What was the luckiest case in your life?
What is a hilariously random fact?
Can you recount the times government officials have shown a sense of humor?
Have you ever been pranked by a stranger?
Why do people feel like they need to buy their cats a friend but not that they need to buy them a boyfriend and let them raise a family?
What are some funny names for a girl’s/guy’s private parts?
When was a time that you farted and blamed someone else, or vice versa?
Who is the weirdest person you've ever seen?
Why are Indian YouTubers just selling sex in the name of pranks?
What are some groan worthy jokes?
What's the best joke you can think of concerning NASCAR's new damage policy?
What made you laugh over and over again?
Is Seth Myers large number of jokes on Eric Trump just a bit or do they have some history?
Why do people make fun of crocs?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a self-help or how-to book?
Why do I laugh at my own pain?
How do memes compare to the political cartoons of past eras?
What are some Funny facts about universe?
Can Quorans post some of the funniest pics here?
What is the funniest product fails you have ever seen?
What do you think about joke questions on Quora?
What is the funniest way to make savings?
What is the best joke to tell if asked to tell one on the spot?
What are some good junior/senior was pranks to do to a house?
Why do girls or female friends say "tell me a funny story"? What is the purpose behind this?
Is there a formula for humor?
Which is the most entertaining, happiest song you’ve ever listened to in your life?
What is the best quip you've ever heard/made?
Should I gather sufficient experience in life before writing smart and humorous answers on Quora?
What are the funniest yet logical quotes Chanakya must have written in his rough copy?
What are your own funniest answers on Quora?
What is the funniest phobia you have ever heard of?
What neuropsych test battery looks at humor?
What are some hilarious jokes about chemistry?
Should a Christian laugh at inappropriate jokes on TV shows?
What jokes will you not get until you read it again?
What is the best comeback you have ever said to a customer while serving them?
How come nobody ever assumed that floorboards could be fun?
What is the one thing that you will never learn?
What makes for the funniest PowerPoint you've seen and why was it so humorous?
Why aren't Liz Lemon's dealbreakers a part of Quora?
Is humor the highest sign of intelligence?
Why do girls laugh more than boys do even for the silliest jokes?
What is your funniest story about when you ran away to escape an earthquake that was coming to hit your home?
Is the song "Little Talks" supposed to be ironic when played during "Kilmeade & Friends?"
How do I respond when someone makes a joke like 'You owe me' and asks me to buy them coffee?
How can you attract women when you don't have a sense of humour?
What's the best on-the-spot pun you've told?
What is your favourite one-liner from a movie?
Is life a practical joke that God is playing upon itself?
Recently, what movie in the Tamil language or any other language has made you laugh like you haven’t laughed in a long time?
Which are some of the funniest maps?
What are the funniest bot jokes on Quora?
If a group of necrophiliacs walked up on a mob of zombies, who would be chasing who?
Is "howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com" a "real" page? Or is it a joke?
What is the funniest thing a child has told a teacher?
What were some unexpected and hilarious moments during wars?
What is a curb in a road cross-section?
What's the shortest joke?
Why do people use " shut up " jokingly?
What was the dumbest thing a college student has ever done?
What was the funny conversation happened in your college laboratories?
What are the funniest Facebook comments you've read?
What are some hilarious comments on Facebook?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What is the weirdest thing you've said to try and close a deal?
Will the concept of a "meme" ever trancend the label of an "internet joke"?
How do I better understand sarcasm?
When something sensible is being joked or mocked about, should I laugh or be upset?
Would the tattoo in the photo make people laugh but also disgust them?
What is the funniest thing a world leader (living or dead) have done?
How do comedian handle a situation when they crack a bad joke and everyone stares the hell out of them?
What are some funny things to whisper?
How do I deal with a person with an extreme sense of humour?
Do you make puns? What are some of your best shots?
How do I make an introvert girl laugh?
How do I be more naturally funny?
Will you please make me feel better and tell me a joke or a funny story?
Why some people take memes and jokes too seriously?
How do I add humour in a serious topic?
What are some of the worst/funniest/most ridiculous edit suggestions you've gotten?
What is your drill instructor's funniest fail?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you or someone else while playing the drums?
What was the funniest thing your kids did in public which was embarrassing to you?
What are the best sarcastic shows on online?
What are the funniest answers you have gotten/given to serious questions in programming interviews?
What's the weirdest thing you ever heard your baby say when speaking gibberish?
What's the funniest photoshopped image you've seen?
How do I formulate a joke quickly and hilariously?
What is the worst April Fools’ joke you ever played on someone?
What is the funniest thing you saw your sibling(s) saying?
Which is the most hilarious website on the Internet?
What are some of the best funny quotes for software developers?
What are good Trump jokes lately?
What are some Dat Boi memes?
Which one liners can we use in day-to-day conversations?
What are the most funny driver’s license photos?
Am I the only one who prefer surreal-absurd comedy over insult-cringe comedy/mocumentary comedians do these days? I find the latter painful.
Whats the dumbest thing you have heard a conservative say?
I am a amateur stand up comedian. I start writing for my 60min stand up comedy special. How should I start and Structure my content?
What is the best commit message/comment that you have ever encountered?
What is the most epic senior prank you have ever been a part of?
Do you think people saying "triggered" as a joke is funny?
Why aren't female YouTubers not funny as male YouTubers?
Why don't female comedians as funny as male?
What is the funniest thing you've said to someone trying to convert you?
What is the most funniest thing that had happened at your home?
What is, in your opinion, the best meme?
What is the dumbest rumor you've heard about yourself?
What is prince Phillip like?
How did Tobu make the "Such Fun" sounds?
Have you ever witnessed a funny funeral?
Which Indian Ad is the funniest?
What is the funniest, most absurd excuse for not turning in a project you have ever heard?
What's been the best one-liner which motivated you instantly?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever walked in on?
Where do you draw the line between “it's just a prank” and going too far?
Why are so many people get mad over dark humor?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Punjab (India)?
Is a sense of humour a product of nature or nurture?
What is the funniest and most underrated movie ever?
What I do for fun?
I'm bad at comebacks. I can think of a comeback only after the argument is over. How can one come up with witty comebacks quickly?
What are some famous examples of hyperboles?
What are some funny and logical answers during an IT interview?
Why do we laugh? What is laughter? Is it some form of aggression or is it just a way to splash out negative emotions? Is it something else?
Do Monkeys/Apes laugh or tell jokes and make others laugh? I think it's one of the things that make the human race superior!
What are some of the funniest things someone has done that keeps you laughing (clean topics only please)?
Do you know any good puns?
What are the best "computer guy" jokes you want to share?
What do you think of Grant Morrison's killing joke theory?
What are some good prank ideas to play on parents?
What are the funniest blogs of 2017?
I used to have a great sense of humor while in my teens. I've gradually been losing it as I reach my mid 20's. How do I get it back psychologically?
What's the funniest question you've been asked after someone found out you were in a fraternity?
Could God have a sense of humor?
What are some nice and funny questions to ask your girlfriend?
Which is the hardest brainteaser you have ever come across?
Are there clowns who practice edgier humor than the typical clown?
What are some of the best comeback lines you have ever said?
What are some jokes about engineers?
What is the best joke you have seen or heard in your whole life?
Why don't we come across people with names Draupadi, Yudhistir, or Vibhishan?
Is self deprecating humor funny?
Do you have any puns you want to share with us?
What's the funniest bad joke you know?
Whats the weirdest word you've ever had to teach a foreign exchange atudent?
What are the funniest calls you have ever responded to as a firefighter, EMT, or cop?
What is a good joke?
What are the funniest or most sarcastic answers teachers have ever received?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Jharkhand (India)?
A group of snails has tied you up and are slowly dragging you toward a hole in your garden. What do you do?
Can you explain how humor works?
What are some color puns?
What is a great last minute April fool's prank for flatmates?
What are the best golf jokes?
Can you write a humorous story that ends with "and nobody dared to speak out as he walked away"?
What is the funniest thing someone said to your teacher?
How can I convince my mind to handle bad things in a funny way?
What is the most ridiculous punishment a teacher has ever given for something minor?
Do people actually do research on Conservapedia, or is it just a joke at this point?
What was your funniest experience at a concert?
Who are the people making memes?
Have you ever pulled a prank on anyone? Any funny stories that you could share?
What is the stupidest thing you had did when you were quite young?
What are the most funny essay titles?
What are some best one liners one can come up with when someone taunts that"you are really short"?
What is the funniest name you have ever given to a teacher?
What was the funniest answer you came across while checking an exam being a teacher?
Which is the best prank you did in college?
What are some of your favourite or funniest memories as a member of a marching band?
What do people think of short, witty answers?
What is your favorite dumb joke?
What is the weird and funny thing about yourself?
What's the funniest thing a woman did or said that turned you on to her?
What is the funniest joke, so that I may die due to laughter?
When I should use my Sense of Humour?
Is it possible to make a funny story in Quora?
How do you make someone laugh really hard?
Is there a current influx of joke-questions or has it always been like this?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have ever heard about Africa?
What was the most funny/interesting/crazy thing you've done when bored?
What is the exact word in English that can be used to describe a scene that makes me laugh in comedy?
Which is the funniest ever Jargon/Leitmotif you have heard?
What is the best or strangest superstition you've ever heard of?
Teachers: Who was the dumbest cheater you've ever seen?
Which book includes genuine and real story line, dark humor, motivation and some useful quality stuff?
How do I write clever, witty jokes for a comedy short film?
Who do you think is the future of standup comedy, Abhishek Upmanyu, Kunal Kamra or Karunesh Talwar?
Why do people make fun of me for my sense of humor and how can I prove them wrong?
Why did the lava cross the road?
Can you teach yourself to be more witty?
What is the best joke you have ever heard or made in your life?
Do you think people are becoming less humorous in India?
What is the funniest parody of organic gardening and farming you have ever read?
What is the lowest form of humor?
Can you tell me a funny series like 'Friends'?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a politician say?
Who is the first humor writer in world?
What is the kinkiest joke you ever made?
What other Quorans make good dick jokes?
Would you like to post any funny story about a pair of shoes?
What are some awsome accounting jokes?
What are three clean jokes that everyone must know?
What’s your best clean joke about making love?
Is laughing because you think something is funny an emotion?
Have you ever farted on your hand and then sniffed it? Be honest.
What is the best, quintessential example of originality?
What is the best nickname you have come across online?
What are some witty conversations between a student and a teacher?
Is it true that today's engineers become a matter of jokes?
What are some examples of anti-jokes?
What was the most stupid/hilarious/screw up moments that you experienced in a lab?
What are funny games for a fairwell party?
What is the weirdest show you've ever seen?
What was the weirdest YouTube comment conversation you've ever seen?
Who are your favourite comedy double acts?
What is the one funny thing you did in college which no one knows about?
What did ancient doctors do and believe that we find very funny today?
Why do I enjoy ironic memes so much?
Who is the funiest man of India?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever heard during sex?
How and where can I give audition for stand up comedy in Mumbai?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen?
What's the longest story you can make only with puns?
Why do people laugh a lot?
Can you tell me a real life story that will make me laugh?
What are some of the best Balaji Vishwanathan memes?
What are some funny pictures you've seen?
What was the most funny experiences you had due to 'autocowrong'?
What are some French jokes?
Why does the fugitive laugh when he sees the photograph shown by Raina?
What are some good lyric pranks?
Which is your own funny life stories?
What is the most hilarious thing you have experienced in your medical practice with your patients?
What is the most funniest thing you see on Intermet today?
What's your funniest "one-off" curse word?
What are some funny moments with your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is the best/funniest Kahoot nickname you've ever seen or had?
Is stand up comedy really just a form of expository writing?
What ways can you make random people laugh?
Should comedians be able to joke about anything?
What's the best counter-joke you have heard or seen?
What is the wittiest thing you have ever heard someone say?
Photos which prove that having kids can be seriously fun ?
What were some comedy highlights of/ tributes for NZ/Australian comedy legend John Clarke, who died in April 2017?
What are some short jokes that make you laugh?
How come you never hear of a combobulated, gruntled, ruly, or peccable person?
What are some good stand up comedy acts?
Why doesn't our solar system have a name? If you could give it a name, what would it be? Funny or serious answers are permitted.
What are some good artworks or comics about Donald Trump?
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What’s the most humorous conversation you've had or heard?
What shall I do to become more stupid?
Do I stop being funny all the time?
What are some techinques to compose funny Shaayaris in Hindi?
It's a proven fact that crows communicate and have a language, but what are the chances that they have jokes or humor and possibly laugh like humans do?
Whar are some funny or clever ways you have dealt with bothersome neighbors?
Are people who joke about how they're suicidal sick?
What is the funniest or worst recommendation letter you have ever seen?
What is the most ridiculous thing anyone said to you?
What's the funniest thing someone has said whilst under the influence of anaesthetic or morphine?
What is the funniest name you use at Starbucks?
Have you ever heard of SMUTPUNK?
Is it alright for a person to try stand up comedy even if he's not able to make people around him laugh?
Is all humor and wit really just a connection of one thing to another?
Why do puns exist?
Can you post the first and fifth pictures in your mobile and tell the made up connection between them?
Is there a correlation between humour and traumatic events one has been through?
Can cheeseburgers laugh and sing?
What are your favorite, funny anti-Hillary Clinton jokes?
Do you have a funny original story that I can add to my stand-up comedy show ?
What does starting to laugh after imagining funny situations while alone say about a person?
Can you tell me your favorite puns and jokes about chemistry, cats, science, and animals?
What is the funniest joke you've read or seen?
What are some logical jokes based on Einstein?
Why does everyone laugh when something is funny, even babies? Is this an innate reflex? Why?
Is it okay to crack fat jokes?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Mexico?
What are some of your favourite funny or inspirational quotes?
What are the funniest Malayalam memes you've ever seen?
What are the most seductive pics you have seen?
Can somebody share some funny break up story?
What is the most sexist thing you have heard as a women or a girl child?
What are some of the most idiotic beliefs that you have come across?
What are the worst retail customer jokes that staff are tired of hearing?
Why do we chuckle?
What's the best action movie one liner ever?
If it's offensive to make jokes on rape ("my team raped them 5-0"), is it less offensive to make jokes on murder/death ("my team murdered them 5-0")?
What was the stupidest sentence you ever heard?
What is the best joke you recall hearing?
What is a good best friend lyric prank?
What is the best joke about Paris?
What are funny questions about you that your best friend should know?
What is your favourite Hafez's verse (as one-liner)?
How can I avoid awkward silence while also being funny and entertaining?
What is your funniest "my parents visited me in America" story?
Is a nerd falling into a lake and drowning supposed to be funny or sad?
What is the latest thing you did that caused you to laugh at yourself?
What are some creative and funny one act play ideas?
Will people ever stop making Sikh jokes?
Are there funny photos on banking?
What are funny speeches given by Digvijay Singh?
Why is good in making fun of oneself?
Do you really feel that Indian stand-up comedy shows are good these days?
How should I make friends since everyone in my class does not have the same sense of humour as me?
What are some of the funniest lies that your customers have told you (especially for bargaining)?
What are some of the examples of Political Correctness?
Any funny stories from elementary and middle school?
What is the funniest thing you've seen on the internet?
What were some pranks that went too far?
Do you have any funny Envirothon stories?
What is the funniest non-English accent you have ever heard?
What is the single most hilarious joke ever said/made?
What are some of the funniest political blunders or scandals in recent years?
What are some funny embarrassing secrets?
Can you crack a quick joke on social media?
Are memes legal?
How do I improve my on-the-spot humor?
What is Russian humor?
What is the stupidest/weirdest/most distinctive name for a town you've heard of?
Are women less funny than men?
What are some examples of funny situations?
Why do some people make fun of their own race or ethnicity?
Who said the line "Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya"?
How can I turn a picture of my friend into a viral meme?
What are examples of jokes and riddles for adults?
How can I be a humourous trainer to my adult students?
If your dog had $100 to spend, what do you think they would buy?
Why are Laffy Taffy jokes so bad?
What are you most embarrassing Beirut or Lebanon moments?
What's the funniest Quora glitch you've seen?
How would you define American Humour?
Why do people think Amy Schumer is funny?
What is the cutest thing your partner has done to make you laugh when you were mad at him/her?
Why do people constantly try to make me out to be a joke?
What comedians should I listen to if I enjoy really bizarre and witty humor (I.e, like that in Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels)?
How do I easily make memes formatted like memes shown in iFunny?
How would you describe a "fluffy personality"?
What is the funniest movie of the last ten years?
I don't want my question merged. What is your favorite joke?
When did you realise that you are dumb?
What is the best funny incident in the world?
How do you react when people don't get your sarcasm?
What are some of the funny encounters with your friends?
What is a good Islamic joke? What constitutes Islamic humour?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Tamil Nadu (India)?
What's the funniest/weirdest Facebook message request you've gotten?
What are some humor and joke related AI projects (AI that writes jokes)?
Can you come up with a joke on the latest trend (kids, men, and legends)?
Should I respond to all “vaguebooking” by commenting with my own made up story to their Facebook post? I think it's funny.
What is the funniest failure you've ever seen?
Why do people laugh at my ideas?
If you ever got a chance, how would you recreate the whole scene where you come across the person for the first time who is now your dearest friend?
What was your best drop the mic moment?
What's the funniest or weirdest false accusation you've gotten?
Is there any comeback or reply to Bania jokes?
What are some cultures that do not have humour as part of their daily lives?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard people say about teachers or teaching?
What are some simple yet mind-blowing practical jokes?
What is the funniest prank you have done with others?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Assam (India)?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've bought online?
What is your most remember-able funny incident?
Who was the most amusing ,Winston Churchill or Zsa Zsa Gabor, for quotes and witty one liners?
How can we define humor?
Why does body shaming of men is accepted and taken as a joke or in a comedic manner?
Are Roman Atwood’s Killing My Own Kid pranks staged?
What's the funniest thing that has happened to you during your school days?
What is the dirtiest adult jokes?
Is there any funny incident which made you cry even though it wasn't serious at all?
Can you make some jokes that will make me cooler among my friends?
If you could play a practical joke on Donald Trump, what would it be?
What are some funny facts about Hyderabad?
What are some funniest and stupidest questions asked here on Quora?
Why do I find death funny?
What are some funny Batman moments?
Which is the funniest tidbit?
Do you have an intelligent but funny friend?
Why did normies report Intergalactic Burnik?
How can I get better at writing comedy?
Are silent slapstick scenes in comedy films out of date? Will people sit through 3-5 minutes of physical hijinks tossed into a dialog driven film?
What are some of your favorite jokes about Donald Trump?
Can you ever find a girlfriend if you are not funny?
What is the process of informing RJ Raunac that you’re doing a prank with a friend?
What is best joke in Hindi which you heard in your childhood?
Can you tell me an intelligent crazy joke?
Why do people think that comedians are naturally funny when they have writers that create their jokes and then test them on audiences?
Since when did self-deprecating humor/comedy become a thing/trend in America?
What are 10 fun facts about Vietnam?
How shall I develop a good sense of humor in my spoken and written English?
What if you are no more fun to have with?
What's the most offensive/dank meme you've ever seen?
What is the most funny first and last name combination you have ever heard?
What’s a hilarious saying that people have used?
What's your best joke? (Any joke. Just give it a shot).
What kind of mainstream humor do you find loathsome?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
What is the funniest things you heard one person say to another in a totally serious mode?
Why is Dave Chappelle funny?
How can I stop being cringy and funny as a teenager in high school?
What type of jokes do women prefer?
What is the easiest way to develop your sense of humor?
If aliens are real, and governments don't want the general public to know about them, why are the aliens not showing themselves to the public?
What is the funniest question you can think of to ask your teacher?
What is the most egotistical phrase/sentence you've ever heard?
What are some humorous Sean Kernan answers?
How does your mother make jokes about you at home?
Does anybody have a funny story to share about the class 12 results?
How do I not laugh when I'm delivering a purely humorous speech?
What is the funniest act you have ever witnessed?
Canada, would you be willing to adopt America's blue states?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
How do I stop being cringy/trying to be funny?
Is it strange that I find fish humorous in any given context?
Have you ever made fun of yourself so that your friends are happy?
What is the silliest thing you cried for?
How do I play a prank on a friend using an iPhone?
Does being funny have anything to do with intelligence?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
Is yee considered a meme?
How do I come up with funny jokes?
Is Irish humour similar to British?
Has humour always existed?
What was the biggest facepalm moment of your life?
Has Modi became a joke for people now?
Why do some people think it's funny to make fun of people they don't know?
What is the funniest thing you've ever seen as an EMT?
Where is the best place to find memes?
What was it like to know someone who had no sense of humour?
Sometimes, my joking comments are met with silence, but then, someone else makes the same comment and gets a laugh. Do I have terrible joke delivery?
What are some clever/witty physics quotes to put on a tie?
What's the stupidest or weirdest thing that a teacher you know has said or done?
Should I make fun of the ACLU?
What is a witty response to someone's stomach noises in order to reduce awkwardness?
Are there jokes that only blind people understand?
What's your favorite one-liner joke?
What are some of the most ridiculous comments you've had on your answers?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever said in your life?
What's the funniest thing ever happened in a beauty pageant?
What kind of jokes would a fan of absurdist comedy produce?
What is the best joke you have heard in your lifetime?
Why do some people like stand-up comedy that consists of insults addressed to the public?
What was the most hilarious reaction you received when you offered someone God’s message?
What are the best offensive jokes (you can't help but laugh at)?
What was the craziest, funniest cat call you ever received?
What are some awkward or funny incidents you faced with Indian police?
Why do people make fun of Coldplay so much?
A guy and I have been talking for about 8 months now 4 days ago he cracked a joke I wasn't comfortable with so I told him not to crack such jokes?
What's so fun about being a programmer?
How do you control laughing when you are serious but someone tries to dismiss the seriousness by making you laugh?
Are there really people with no sense of humour?
What was the most misheard conversation you ever had?
What is the naughtiest prank you have ever done?
What is the funniest skit or standup that you've ever seen?
What are some funny jokes about periods?
What are some of strangest jobs related to death?
What is the wackiest YouTube video you have ever seen?
What​ is the most embarrassing yet funny moments that only happens in India?
Where can I find a video of a typical jerk’s behavior? I'm curious and find this funny.
What are some cute and funny short stories?
Why do people put such corny descriptions about themselves on Quora?
Are there a lot of funny people in Berlin?
What is the most hilarious YouTube poop?
Which type of apostrophe abuse or spelling mistakes do you find the most amusing/annoying?
If sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, what are the higher forms?
What is the relationship between black humour and intelligence?
How do I stop mocking and making jokes about my friends and be serious as a teenager?
What are some funny love status?
Is the idea of an Alternate Left a joke?
Why do some people not like crude humour?
What is the worst reason for a breakup you have ever heard?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
Have you ever pranked someone with wasabi?
I don't know where to stop things when they aren't funny anymore . How can I work on this?
What are some funny things about the balkans?
Can any RJ (Radio Jockey) share some funny incidents that took place during your shows?
What famous historical figures had great senses of humor?
Why does a male friend jokes about moving together? We like each other, but we are not intimate or commited.
What are the funny mistakes done by media?
What is your best funny Thank God moment?
What is a joke that has cracked people up more than you would have expected?
What is, in your opinion, the worst meme of all time?
What is the best April Fool’s prank you have ever played?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Do certain expressions of humor in one culture come across as being flippant or downright offensive in other cultures?
Why do normies ruin the good memes?
What are some of your favourite Indian humour & cartoon blogs?
Why are some people shaped funny than others?
What type of sense of humor does Athena Walker have?
What is the funniest weapon you've seen that still does it's job?
What is something that you felt bad for doing, yet was ridiculously funny?
In your opinion, what is the dankest meme of all time?
Which is your favorite adult joke?
What are some of the funniest quotes like ‘Hell is empty, and the devil is here’?
What happens to the pizzas when a person falsely put an address just to prank the others?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
What is the wittiest comeback you have ever heard?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
Is someone willing to buy, or is looking out for, a database on sarcastic voices for sarcasm detection in speech?
How does one determine the dankness of a meme?
Is the Maury show real? It looks like a joke.
What is the funniest insult you have heard/overheard in your school/workplace?
What was weird about the line in Seinfeld "the panties your mother laid out for you"?
What are the weirdest rules and laws in any country, you have heard about?
Who likes puns?
Does Buddhists and Hindus have a sense of humor?
What are the weird chats you have ever read?
What are the most savage yo mama jokes?
What did people do for fun in the 1960?
How do I stop being cringy and trying to be funny as a teenager?
Is humor more important than love?
What are best sarcastic replies given by you?
Culturally speaking, what are some of silliest things you have heard?
What's the funniest complaint you've seen in a visitor book?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Maharastra (India)?
What are some funny things police officers say?
What is the single greatest anti joke of all time?
What is your funny story related to condom in India?
What are some good examples of black humor without discriminating any minorities?
Who is the person featured in the typical Indian father meme?
How popular is PSL Pakistan Super League among Indians?
What jokes or scenes on The Golden Girls did you not understand until you were older?
What are some good website with humorous / comedy short stories?
What is the worst excuse given by anyone?
Is there any difference between anti-sentimental comedy and farce?
What are some creepy pranks to scare the crap out of guests?
What does "curry joke" mean?
What's the best concept for God you ever heard?
Does anyone have true, funny stories involving puns or odd coincidences?
My plastic surgeon only makes jokes about gangrene and they are not sarcastic in nature, should I ask for a referral?
Why do we tend to laugh while lying in a joke way?
What's the funniest rap you've heard or made and deserves attention?
What are some funny nicknames of cricketers around the world?
How do people make music memes?
What was the weirdest way you befriended somebody?
What is the funniest thing you said to a telemarketer to get them to hang up?
Can being funny and making your doctor laugh be a problem for psychotherapy?
What should you do if some of your friends are always laughing at you and kidding you?
What are some good comebacks to always have on hand?
You can take two country's names and combine them, which combination do you find the funniest?
Is a joke still a joke if you have to point to it and say, "This is a joke" for people to get that it is a joke, and/or get the joke itself?
Why doesn't DC make their movies with more substance, and why can't they add some more humor?
What are the funniest programmer jokes you've heard or read?
Which is the funniest comedy sitcom today?
What’s a career in comedy like?
How do I react to vulgar jokes?
What are examples of hilarious birthday quotes?
Has anything funny happened to you at a funeral?
Can robots be trained to laugh?
Can you tell me an extremely dark joke?
What are some funny things that Maine Coon cats have done?
Is offensive humor funny to you? It is to me, but I see offensive jokes as jokes about offensive people, rather than offensive content.
What is your favourite dirty joke?
Have you ever seen a giraffe with a scarf?
Imagine the world is ending in a month's time, what are the crazy things you would like to do?
What is the most ridiculous thing that was ever made out of chocolate?
Teachers, what are your funniest stories about students asking stupid questions or answering questions the wrong way?
What are some polite but vaguely insulting things you can say in a debate?
What are some funny stories that happened to you that I can say happened to me?
What are examples of successful (not fatal to people using) humor under tyrannies throughout human history?
What was the most insulting joke Don Rickles made, and to whom?
What are the funniest and weirdest cases lodged in Indian court?
Could you study sense of humor and memory by measuring the response to canned laughter or Charlie Chaplin movies?
Where is Laughing Jack now?
Is humour considered appropriate in a business setting?
What are the funny trends in tribes?
Do you know any funny person?
How closely related are a sense of humor and intelligence?
Which is the most funny advertisement?
What are some of the most humorous advertisements?
Is it all right that I’m a 66-year-old woman and I still think that farts are funny?
What are some funny things a non-native speaker have attempted to say to you in your language?
What are some funny stories of Valentine day?
How do I stop making sex jokes?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
Where is the best place that I can find funny, trending memes such as Cat in the Hat or SpongeBob Chicken?
What are the truth and realities behind sarcasm and being sarcastic that most from either sides are unaware of?
What are some funny pranks?
What are the wittiest Quora credentials?
What is the funniest thing heard about the 2000 note?
What is the most bizarre and hilarious insult you have heard from a child?
How is Bhuvan Bam funny?
What are the best one-liners about countries?
Can introvert be good at jokes?
What was the most funny thing happened in your life?
What are the best funny animal pics that you have seen till now?
How do I practice writing jokes?
How do you know if someone is making a joke of your feelings?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Australia?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or you were there to witness it (not including footage viewed after the funny moment)?
What is something funny/weird you've been asked because of how you look?
Are puns an example of British humor or American humor?
What are the funny situation which through we go during college life?
How do I build a good sense of humour?
Why do people find rape jokes funny?
What was the first meme?
How can I say something funny without being weird?
What is the weirdest outfit that you have seen?
What are some of the funniest reactions to frustrating video game moments?
What are some good satire ideas?
What would you consider to be the main differences, between American humor and French humor?
What are some funny incidents in client call?
What are your favorite humorous books?
What's the funniest thing twin boys did?
What was your weirdest conversation ever?
What are all the puns that could be made as names for Vietnamese restaurants?
What is the most witty response to something you have asked?
What are some witty replies to people who get on your nerves?
How did you get away with stealing stuff?
What are some funny LoTR elvish phrases and their translations?
What are some funny misconceptions about your country?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen/done/overheard?
Several months ago you posted a great joke about religious intolerance. Will you repost it or give me a reference?
What are some good and funny documentary ideas?
What is the best political joke you've heard today?
What could be a few cute and charming one liners one could say when somene's leaving?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
What is your favorite joke by Bo Burnham?
What makes a good pun?
What can be some funny answers to the question "What are yu doing?"?
What are some funny humour?
What's the best way to respond to a transphobic joke in the workplace?
What are some joke formats in stand-up comedy?
What is the dumbest thing anyone has done to you?
What is the most interesting law you've heard of?
Some people just can't remember jokes; however, some jokes would just stick with you over time. Do you have one of these?
What are some good, detailed and thought out pranks that can be built up for April Fools' to be played on friends?
Do people earn by posting trolls and joke's on Facebook?
Have you ever hopped into the wrong car thinking it was yours?
Which one movie scene made you laugh out loud?
What are some weirdest Chinese food you have ever seen?
What are the greatest April fool incidents?
Which joke make me laugh hilariously?
What are the most ridiculous things about religion?
What is a joke that makes you laugh every time?
What are various funny or dangerous situations you and your friends faced after drinking bhaang?
What is a question which would make people laugh?
Which comedy shows of the past have aged well - and which haven't?
How should I deal with someone I'm not used to deal with because he has a strange humor?
What would you do if someone prank called you?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or that has happened in general at school?
Is it possible for a pudendal cleft to be funny in movies, or is it just sexual? If it cannot be funny, can a woman be as funny as a man?
What are some funny jokes that I can tell anyone, regardless of age or political views?
How can I design a survey in order to clarify the subtle differences of different people's understandings towards certain humorous discourse?
How would life be if every person you meet in real life had an incredible sense of humour like depicted in Friends?
What are some funny chemistry accidents you have had?
Are limericks written in languages other than English?
What are some funny things your Australian dad says?
Why are the Indian stand up comedians condemned for their content (even if it's good)? Why don’t Indian people take it as humor and why do they get offended?
What was the silliest question you found on Quora most recently?
What are some ridiculous mathamatical jokes?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever done while high?
What are your most amusing anecdotes?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
What are some best Hindi Jokes (text) of all time?
Do you like to have fun?
What are some of your original meme creations/ideas?
What are the best crazy and funny things to do outdoors with a girl I love without spending any money?
Who is the funniest most ranting contributor to Quora and why?
What’s the most unprofessional or offensive thing you have heard a teacher say in class?
What are some funny election speeches?
Is it okay to use sarcasm and satire in a "formal" college paper?
What's the funniest lie your kids have ever told you?
A personality assessment where a person has to choose between a pair of jokes?
What are some funny instant reply you have got?
Can you give me short funny stories/experiences that I can say happened to me?
How do I keep from laughing?
Why are memes so common on the internet?
What is the English translation for this: "maine jab chhat se tatti kari to vo aadhe raaste mein hi chhitar gayi"?
What are some good jokes to tell when hosting a talent show?
What is your favorite B.A.P meme?
What are the best examples of Ancient Roman humour?
What's with the sudden hype about sarcasm and everyone saying they are sarcastic even when they are not?
If you're not very funny, what are some tips for developing a better sense of humor?
What was your funniest moment while in space?
I can make people smile and laugh. Will you consider this adorable?
What are photos that prove that having kids can be seriously fun?
What is the dumbest thing you fell for?
What is the funniest thing that you ever heard Lucy say?
Do you know any good satirical post-Trump-inauguration jokes?
What are some slang terms for making someone laugh by making fun of them?
Are we a victim of depression if someone is making us to laugh but then we are just sitting like numb doing nothing?
What are some funny, witty jokes about historians?
What are some fun facts about fear?
What is the funniest car you have ever seen?
What is the most influential punch line you have ever heard? (Something which boosted up your spirits.)
Is there any incident in your life which made you laugh for more than 5 minutes?
What is something that you consider really funny but others don't?
Is the ability to make people laugh a gift?
Do you have a really bad sense of direction? What was/were your weirdest, most embarrassing or funniest experience(s)?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Japan?
What is the greatest pun in the world?
What does "cash me outside" mean? Or what Is it? Why are there memes/jokes about it around the internet?
What is your favourite "she was only a profession's daughter but…" joke?
What is the funniest thing you heard from your girlfriend?
What is the funniest name of a person you've ever heard?
What is one Yo Momma Joke that would shut your friends up?
What are the funniest trekking/ camping stories you have?
What was the first humorous start in your marriage?
What should I do if some strangers laughs at me?
What could be some intelligent comebacks when someone makes fun of my "ripped jeans"?
What is the weirdest thing a girl has ever asked you?
What things made you good at csgo?
What is more important for a woman: muscular body or humor?
What are some one liners you have made on your own?
What is your family joke?
Do you know any weird and/or funny programming terminologies (e.g., monkey patching, Yoda conditions)?
What is the thing that made you laugh so hard today?
What's the funniest thing a family member has said or done at a family gathering?
Is it too late to start doing stand-up comedy in your mid-40s?
Is Natalie Muresan a meme?
What is the most hilarious, but naughty, thing your child has ever done?
What is the most ridiculous phishing email you've heard work?
What is the funniest thing you have done in school?
What are one liners called?
Is love just a funny joke/game to narcissists?
What is the best one-liner you have ever heard in a movie?
Americans: What are the funniest stories of newly arrived Indians you experienced?
What was your weirdest/funniest dream?
What will it take for me to be funny enough?
What is the funniest thing a border patrol has said to you?
Do you like to tell jokes?
What kind of pranks happen in the military?
What is an Australian sense of humor?
Is it right to make fun of people or watch amine?
What is your favorite example of something that can only be understood by knowing memes?
What are the funny things you have ever seen/noticed while waiting at the red signal or during traffic?
What is the most wittiest proverb you have ever heard?
What would be a good comeback to “No shit, Sherlock?”
Have you ever heard of/come across something that made you wondered ? What's that?
What is the most funniest experience you had with your co-workers?
How do I add humour in a farewell speech?
What are the wittiest taglines you have come across?
Do you know a very good joke? I would like to compile a bunch of good ones.
What was the funniest comic that you've ever read?
What are some of the best sarcastic tweets?
How would you explain this comic strip? Why whappens what happens?
What could it mean if a girl says "Ahahah" to something that is not funny, or intended to be a joke?
Why do we like fun?
What are the qualities which make a good sense of humour?
What are some best motivational one liners?
What are some of the best memes, be they picture or video, that you know?
Honeymoon nightmares which you came across or anything you experienced?
Do you agree that memes should be banned?
What has to be done if I have lost my ability to laugh at normal/petty jokes?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do narcissists have a good sense of humour?
Is having the same sense of humour as the person you are dating crucial to the success of the relationship?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
What are some seriously " laughing my fucking ass off " moments of your life?
What's the corniest joke you know?
Does anybody have a good pun?
What are the funniest breakups ever?
Have you seen a funny pic of Dmitry Druzhinsky?
Why do guys think that girls can't be gross and funny?
Is there such a thing as a good pun?
What are the topics for stand up comedy?
What are the strangest and funniest misconceptions about India?
What do you call a person who can't take a joke?
What are some sarcarstic one liners?
I’m an introvert with no sense of humor, and people think I am a self-obsessed, rude a-hole because of my lack of social skills. How can I change?
If you could play the perfect practical joke with an unlimited budget, what would it be?
Can you tell me some funny riddles?
What would be the strategy made when your batch just want to forcefully make you laugh while giving presentation for the sole purpose of gaining fun?
What was your most embarrassing yet funny moment of your school life?
What jokes have you heard about American politicians?
If a girl you like tells you that one day you will make a great dad because of your dad jokes, is that considered an insult or a compliment?
What is the dumbest thing you have seen/heard?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen someone do or the funniest thing you've heard from someone?
What is the funniest thing that happened at a relative’s wedding?
What is the funniest tweet of 2017 so far?
What is the funniest joke you've ever heard at school?
Why do people not laugh at your jokes at times?
What would happen, if for one day all normal ads were replaced by pornographic ads?
Was it difficult to decide not to pursue stand-up comedy?
What is the cutest or funniest experience you have had in a traffic jam?
Is a prank text really a prank text if things are something awkward between you two?
What are the funniest things Roger Stone has said during his drunk Twitter adventures?
How can I get used to be more ironic and witty?
Why do people hide behind their humor?
Have you ever felt you've lost your wit/ humour over the years?
Whats the dumbest thing you have done for a guy?
Why doesn't my cat have a sense of humor? Do any animals have a sense of humor?
How can I prank with people scaring them?
Can you give me some funny or sarcastic answers?
What is the funniest (or weirdest) thing that has happened to you while travelling on a Mumbai local train?
What's the funniest thing you parents have done to let you get a girlfriend?
Is there a word for the circumstance when you force yourself to laugh even though your freind's joke is not funny at all?
What is your go to fun fact?
Why is Michael Savage so funny?
How does western humour differ from Chinese humour?
Is it ok to be a little casual in interviews and show some sense of humour?
What's the weirdest or funniest thing you have seen in an airplane?
Why do people molest girls in the name of a prank?
Is humour essential to attracting women?
Is it important to bring the humor in our life if we want to develop our sense of humor?
What is the best funny video you know?
Why are the new Shin-chan episodes not funny nowadays?
What did Matthew Perry mean by his peach-head joke?
What are the best comedy shows that don't make fun or reference religion and are really funny?
Does Mitch McConnell have a sense of humor about his comparison photos to turtles?
What are the most hilarious sentences that you've encountered on Duolingo?
What are some examples of deadpan humor?
Do retarded people joke about other people being retarded?
Do doctors and biologists joke on each other the same way engineers and physicists do?
Why are there more dick jokes than vagina jokes?
Is The Talk TV show the place to laugh out loud? Why or why not?
What is your favorite meme at the moment?
How will you properly or humorously answer the question "Why do you always like asking why"?
What are some examples of thinking jokes and riddles?
How can I make jokes in English and add humor in the conversation with foreign friends? Sometimes, I just don't know how to make friends with foreigners.
What is the best come-back line you've ever said or heard?
What are some good humorous interpretation pieces?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Kerala, India?
Do Germans make jokes about the Polish people a lot?
What is the most ridiculous conversation you've ever had?
If you clean a vacuum cleaner, do you become the vacuum cleaner?
Why do people like to make fun of me for liking models and actresses?
What are some of the worst pranks you, your friends, or your siblings have pulled?
What is the most unbelievable incident you ever came across?
What is the funniest thing you saw on the internet?
What are some contrasting proverbial humor you have come across?
What are some best one-liners of Ross Geller?
What does it mean when you think car crash videos are funny?
Lawyers, what's the most ridiculous legal statement or claim you heard from a layperson?
Why do some people use “lol” as their immediate expression for any joke?
What is my son talking about when he says "dank memes"? Is this some new drug?
What modern technology would you troll ancient history with?
Why isn't anything actually funny?
What is the best knock knock joke you know?
Why are Sikhs stereotyped and made fun of, as Sardarji jokes?
How can you talk humorously in English in short sentences and without much effort?
Whats the most ridiculous riddle you ever heard of?
I want to find funny an good reviews about bobsweep. Where I can find them?
What are some funny placement stories from BMSIT?
What are some funny engineering poems in Hindi?
Can I get funny caption for "celebrating success with friends"?
Who is the funniest teacher you have had?
What would you consider to be 10 funniest and most hilarious movie scenes ever?
Why is it fate if a woman laughs?
What's the craziest prank you can think of to pull on a teacher?
What r tears, aqueous humour or vitrous humour?
What is the funniest thing you ever saw in Clash Royale?
Is there a "Nazi humour"?
Does anyone you know have a really funny name?
What was the weirdest or strangest TV broadcast hijacking you have ever seen?
What is the most incredible lie you ever heard?
What's the dumbest comment you've ever heard on a national sports broadcast?
What are the weirdest rules your school has/had?
What actually really happens if you make a "BOMB" joke at airport security (a joke)?
What are some of the best "Brace Yourself" memes?
What is your funniest board exams experience?
Is the assumption that people who work in tech and code are more humorous correct?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you or someone you know in a middle school Spanish class?
What are the funny topics for English speech?
Why do South Indians think Holi is a funny festival?
What are the funniest Play Store "What's New" update descriptions?
What are the funniest tweets have you ever seen?
What are some good things happen to you during drinking at Bar?
Are clowns awesome or scary? Why?
Which are the best April Fools Day prank, share them
Does listening to comedians make you funnier?
Has anyone (beside myself) made jokes as they were preparing for surgery?
What are some funny examples of irony?
What are the funniest moments you shared with an elderly person?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Tripura (India)?
What are some funny or ironic moments in history?
What are some of the best Jokes that come from Nigeria?
What kind of joke does the picture below convey?
What funny stories have you got about you, your friends or your family?
How addictive is Quora?
What is the funniest thing you have ever heard a budgerigar, or a parrot say?
What is your funniest love moment?
What are responses to "I mustache you a question"?
What are the funniest sites or articles that make fun of the pua movement (pick up movement)?
What is a dark sense of humor?
What needs to be done to skydive into your school as a senior prank?
What's your favorite funny medical story that happened to you?
Is a funny interpretation of high arts a Philistinism?
Is The Killing Joke part of the mainstream continuity?
Are there any recent comedies with humour like Superbad, This Is the End, and The Interview?
What is the best letter you have written to anyone or come across?
How do I talk to my dog about homosexuality and communism?
What has been your funniest experience/encounter in a lift?
What are funny employee engagement committee names?
What is the funniest thing you have misunderstood?
Why are there so many jokes about South Delhi & the people living there?
How can I get 1,000 subscribers to my comedy channel if I don't want to do non-vegetarian jokes?
I'm sad, can you tell me the worst joke or pun you can think of?
What is Dr. Gero a pun of?
Why do people make fun of Skechers?
People from USA are cool with jokes or laughing on themselves. Why?
Who was the strangest person you've ever met when visiting America?
Can you give me some examples of the Australian sense of humor?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen on the internet?
What are your opinions on Norwegian King's Guard appointing a penguin as its Colonel-in-Chief?
Which books are a must-read once in your lifetime?
What is the shrewdest recruitment strategy you've ever come across?
Which are the most wierd photos you have ever came across?
How do I sound funny? I know jokes, I have humourous content for myself, but whenever I try to present it, it never sounds funny.
Which country do you have the most fun making jokes about (without needing to be rude and racist)?
What type of sense of humor do doctors have?
What are some of the WhatsApp hoax that people are forwarding, believing it to be true?
What is the most interesting and funniest conversation you have ever came across?
What are some things that make you to laugh easily?
What are some of the best (worst) jokes and riddles?
What is the cheesiest one liner you can think of?
Can insults make a person laugh?
Why do people make fun of Jeff?
What are examples of funny monologue ideas?
Why are they laughing at me even though I'm not trying to make them laugh?
How do you annoy your RE teacher? Also, what are some funny things to do in science class?
How​ do I develop sense of humour which can work for boys as well as girls?
What should I do about ridiculous doubts that I have?
Are there names for different senses of humor?
What are some things that foreigners do or say in the US that are hilarious or stupid?
What are the advantages of dark humor (joking about race, death, disease and other serious/taboo matters)?
Why does Bob Kostic get away with his racist jokes on Twitter?
Do you know a funny/positive birth story?
What are some funny websites that are good to visit?
What is the wittiest piece of sarcasm used by a politician?
What was the funniest thing you ever witnessed in your senior year at high school?
What is the most hilarious WTF moment in your life?
Can you share stories/tips on non-confrontational methods used by women to prevent men from groping or ogling them in the workplace or community?
How do I come up with a good corny one liner?
What is the best/worst Bioscience you have ever heard?
Do comedians ever get overwhelmed feeling like they have to be funny around people all the time?
What are the natal chart aspects that indicates a person has a good sense of humor?
What is sense of humour?
What is the funniest true story you ever heard about first-time love?
What have been some funny excuses given for missing homework?
What is the funniest Department of Motor Vehicles experience you have had?
What are some funny mistakes made throughout history?
I am not a bright person and often have troubles following instructions and this makes schoolmates to insult and laugh at me. Should I quit college?
What is the most ridiculous holiday?
What was the funniest reason someone went to a hospital?
What is the funniest test awnser you have ever seen?
What is the meaning of “nutty as a fruitcake”? Can I use it in a funny way?
What is morbid humor, and what are some examples?
Why is laughing so infectious?
What is your funniest, craziest, and (yes) best cat story you have?
Who's name do you think is perfect for them? Why?
What are some of the best jokes that come from China?
What kind of funny clients do you find in brothels?
What is your favourite funny photo?
What are some funniest examples of corruption you know?
What is the funniest thing that you have read on Quora?
My 8 year old son's laugh isn't really a laugh at all but a cackle that is excruciatingly painful to hear. What can I do other than cut my ears off?
What is the difference between silly and humorous?
What is the purpose of a corny one liner?
What is Canadian humor?
What are some funny rules of life?
What is the best way to prank your boyfriend?
What is the most hilariously bad thing you have read?
What is the funniest experience you had in high school?
What's the most ridiculous thing you ever said while having sex?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Orissa (India)?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been asked about computers?
Where would you spend money if Arvind Kejriwal decided to share his 2 crore with you?
Is it a good idea to start a stand-up comedy club in Chandigarh?
Which is the most funny animal in world and why?
What are some of the most useful reference book you ever came across?
What was so funny about the Joker's joke in "The Killing Joke" that made Batman laugh? Isn't it an old joke?
Have psychopaths ever been in a prank video without knowing it? If yes, how did they react?
Is it bad my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
What are some jokes you know?
Why are women not funny?
How can people call someone Dick with a straight face?
Are humorous speeches appropriate for speech competitions?
How can I make a funny prank video?
What is your 'Forgot to Mute' story during a call?
What happened to Pat Cassels from CollegeHumor?
What are some things only Kenyans do?
What do you sound like when you laugh?
Is beauty in the eyes of 'beer holder'?
What is the weirdest fake language you have seen or heard?
What is the farthest you've ever gone for the sake of a joke?
How is Siri funny?
Do you have a good Surrealist numbers joke?
Which is the correct form, "more funny" or "more funnier"?
What are some funny dirty jokes you can tell at an office party?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
Why are you laughing?
Does it indeed hurt the ego and feelings of the rare talented young men in underdeveloped countries when some lunatic makes nonsense jokes about them?
What can be the best names for new Indian prank channel?
Who still thinks Trump is the biggest joke out there?
What is a bar joke with the words bee and owl?
When we get invaded by space aliens, how will you properly greet our new overlords?
Which is the most stupidest question that had funniest answer you came across on Quora?
What are the best Hindi nonveg jokes?
It is possible to censor people for making fun of a handicap? Such as dyslexia?
Does being pessimistic mean not having a sense of humor?
How sensitive is it for partners to joke about bedroom issues?
What is your proudest prank story?
Am I at fault for calling people out when they make inappropriate jokes?
What are the top 50 one liners that could change my way of living?
Is prank calling illegal in Canada?
How can I do research on paronomasia (pun)?
I had this narcissistic friend that after a while was using my slang and sayings and tried to have the same sense of humor as me. Why is that?
What are the best leftist books you came across?
What do you do when you tell a joke and no one laughs at it?
Why does not something funny make me laugh when I'm alone and when I'm accompanied?
What is the funniest marriage story ever?
Is attending a fun park really funny?
What are other apps like Talking Tom for making funny videos?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
What are some very funny movies?
Why do people laugh when they see people with some defect? People laugh at me because I have severe acne scars.
What are some stupid jokes?
What's the funniest story about your wedding?
What is the"meme font"?
Why would a girl make a stupid joke after looking at my bare chest?
What is the funniest joke that would make you laugh hard?
How can I improve puns?
Does ISTJ speak sarcasm too?
I am not naturally funny. Can I ever become a stand up comedian?
What are some of the best witty comments?
What is the funniest thing as a teacher you saw or heard?
What are some of the funniest interactions you've had with complete strangers?
What are some good examples of typeface used in a funny way on a book or article title?
What is your funniest moment of being tired in the morning?
What are some risqué jokes that are hilarious?
Why is alcohol the subject of so many jokes?
What can be the funny secrets of writers?
What is the biggest misunderstanding yet funny situation you've ever been?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in the Andaman and Nikober Islands (India)?
What was your funniest interview answer, where the interviewer immediately asked you to leave ?
How is humour related to religion?
What are some funny moments in anime?
How can you report prank calls?
Why do people think "potatoes" are funny?
Can you prepare a comedy short skit on the theme before and after Jio for 10 minutes?
What was the last funny joke you made about something that was happening? (i.e. not a hypothetical joke or riddle, just a funny remark or comment)
What's the most funny thing ever happened with you?
How can you know if someone is not worthy of sarcasm?
What is an interesting short phrase to say before shifting to say something contradictory (surprising to the listener) to what you were saying?
What are the funniest Social Media posts you have came across in India?
Why do men make fun of suicidal and disabled people?
What are some great pranks?
What is the most memorable high school prank you were a part of?
What is the best joke you have ever heared
What are the best puns/word-plays?
What are some funny story from when you were young?
What is the most interesting question on Quora you have came across?
What is the most hilarious answer ever made in Quora?
Where can I sell my dark humor?
What are some of the memes on Indian ads, or with actors in them, like the Airtel 4G girl memes?
What is the funniest mondegreen you've heard in your whole life?
What do you joke about?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever seen?
Share the best jokes or funniest situation you ever had or heard?
How would you describe or like the funny Vines compilations?
What is the dumbest thing a friend has said to you?
What are some unintentionally funny moments in serious movies?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have been proud of?
What are some ways to prime yourself to enjoy watching stand up comedy on TV?
Do people in Texas find it funny/annoying when non-Texans say "yee-haw"?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
What are some of funniest conversation with your parents while you were high smoking marijuana?
Is living in a country where the President has made fun of a disabled person as hilarious as it sounds?
What’s the difference between wise and witty?
What are the wittiest replies to "I add the fun in dysfunctional"?
If you can go to hell with your physical body and possessions, how would you prepare for it?
Can you make me laugh in 30 seconds?
What do the richest people in this world do for fun?
What would be the best news titles about a real Alien visit?
Have you ever turned a joke around on someone?
What is the weirdest thing someone​ has done while sleepwalking?
What weird/funny thing have you heard from Indian spiritual leaders, Babas or monks?
What was the tallest top hat ever worn in the 1800s that was neither intended as a joke nor taken as a joke/attracted any undue attention?
What are the funniest mistake ever?
What is the funniest/most unreasonable request you've had from a client?
Why is "We Are Number One" a meme?
What does the joke about Sonu Nigam in Drishyam mean?
What does it mean if someone quite frequently and out of the blue texts you some funny videos or funny pictures?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
Is Bil Stachour still on Quora. I miss his insightful and humorous answers.
What amazing things can I do funny at home?
Has anyone came across people who are "KENSAR" to the society?
What is the funniest thing you did at a mall?
What are the best "that's what she said" jokes from The Office?
What should I do when my colleague is annoying me by often making comments about my project and work style which is beyond his responsibilities?
Why did I recently laugh out loud in my sleep?
What is the funniest joke you have heard lately?
Why is Kevin McCarthy's joke about Russian payments to Trump not funny?
I find a lot of left-leaning (good) humor on TV and on the internet. Where do GOP and Trump supporters go for a good laugh? I'd like to check it out.
What should I do if Imperial Stormtroopers show up at my door exhausted and demand to crash overnight?
Whats the weirdest thing that happened during class?
Why are dead baby jokes so funny?
Are too many people trying to do stand-up comedy these days?
What are your funniest memories of the late Don Rickles?
What things do you frequently get mixed up?
In what ways can I make a stranger laugh?
Why don't they have ice in Europe? (it's not my joke, I heard it on TV, but seriously, why?)
Why are memes created about Dora and Bheem?
Will I fall for my ex? She is funny, sexy, smart, and we are very much compatible. I had fallen out of love.
What signs do you give when you’re being sarcastic?
What's a funny way to die?
How is Nehrik Umashankar able to make so many hilarious jokes?
What is your favorite The Far Side comic and why?
What are some funny wrestling sayings?
Just like Raga jokes are a political mockery of Congress by the NDA, were the Sardar jokes a political mockery of the Khalistani Sikhs by the Congress?
Is it ok to gain attention or to act like a super humorous person by insulting someone in front of everybody?
What cannot be made into a meme?
How do scientists joke?
What word do you think sounds weird or funny when you say it out loud a bunch of times?
What you feel about Life in BOM"BAE"?
What is the funniest way to answer interview questions?
What is the stupidest thing you ever heard?
How does one deal with funny people?
What is the stupidest answer you have ever got?
What kind of jokes are there between 葡萄 and 葡萄牙?
Are there any running jokes/memes specific to or originated on Quora?
Who are the most overrated standup comedians of all time?
What are examples of humorous proverbs?
Why can't I tolerate a single funny comment regarding me or my actions or performance?
Do you have a weird sense of humour that nobody understands but you?
What do you do when someone starts telling you a joke that you think might be offensive?
What are some fun facts about the Crimean War?
What are some examples of a short satire?
How do I completely and utterly kill and remove all my emotions forever, never to exist again, without losing my mind or intelligence?
How do you stop struggling to find things funny?
What's the most shocking thing you've heard your own child say?
What was the nastiest prank that was ever done on you?
What are some jokes about psychoanalysis?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Thailand?
What is that weird snort noise people make when laughing with their mouth full?
What kind of practical jokes do mainland Chinese play on each other?
What are some funny reviews or commentaries you've seen on internet?
What funny experience have you had with your iRobot Roomba?
Do women like men wearing funny undies?
Have you tried netizentales.com for funny story writing?
What's the worst prank you've played on your family?
What would be a great joke between two AI-enhanced computers?
How do people develop sense of humor?
What is the dumbest thing your teacher has done?
How can I develop a witty sense of humour?
Can you think of any funny stuff to do in class?
What is the meanest, worst prank you have ever heard of?
Why does my boyfriend laugh at inappropriate times?
When was the last time you burst into laughter?
What is a "funny turn" in British English?
What is the best DYAC (Damn You Auto Correct) moment you ever had or seen?
Could you distinguish between offensive and insensitive behavior/jokes?
Why are most English jokes based on nerdy scientific facts?
What was the last funny situation you saw?
What are the most funniest photos you've seen ever?
How can my memes be danker?
Why do people think it's ok to make fun of Christianity but not Islam?
Why do we feel nice when we make someone laugh?
In your opinion, what is a kind of joke that gets old too fast?
What's the best response to "youre not funny"?
What is the funniest restaurant experience you've ever had?
What is the funniest thing you've done after getting drunk?
What are some funny skits on IT industry?
Would anyone care to share a funny pick-up line to use on a lifeguard?
What was the funniest thing that happened to you while traveling in a Mumbai Metro?
How common is it to be severely depressed, but also have a very strong sense of humor?
What are the best unpopular funny TV-shows?
What song should I prank my friend with?
What are some epic Twitter replies you came across?
What are the absolute best Twitter roasts you have ever seen?
What are the best April Fools’ jokes to play on your kids? What ages would "get it"?
Why do I always come across as awkward?
What is some of the darkest humor around?
What are some of the funniest events that took place in history?
What was a time you laughed so hard you peed on yourself?
Where is the best place to post funny images in hopes of them going viral?
Why is there no question paper called “joke”?
What's the best prank you've pulled on a sibling?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
What is your favorite science joke?
When we laugh out of embarrassment do we release energy?
What is the strangest, funniest, or most interesting thing you have ever seen at a wedding?
What is your funny conversation with your brother?
What are some tips for writing a funny persuasive speech?
What is the lamest reason one has ever given for committing sucide that you have ever heard?
What was the funniest corporate meeting you've ever attended to?
What was the funnest line you unexpectedly heard from a stranger?
What are the satirical jokes that goes around about the current turmoil in Tamilnadu politics?
What makes someone funny?
What are some good pranks to pull on your older brother?
How should I get better at cracking jokes?
What are some of the funniest appearance on “X got talent” shows?
Why don't I find anything truly funny?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you today?
What is the funniest thing you have noticed while surfing Quora?
What is the best joke you have ever heard, or faced, in your life?
What's the most ridiculous 'job' a person has ever been paid for?
Have you ever asked a question to a shop assistant and been misheard leading to a funny situation?
How good is Know Your Meme as a source?
Have you ever been prank called? What is your story?
What is the biggest and the funniest/most interesting plot twist that you have heard or encountered?
What is the funniest WhatsApp forward you have recieved?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
As a doctor or psycaitrist, what are the strangest or funniest stories that patients have told you?
Is God the stupidest thing man ever created?
What are some of your most irritating moments with your parents?
Which are the best one-liners by Monica Geller from friends?
What is the most hilarious complaint a customer has made to your company's product?
What are some simple well known phrases you find funny for no reason?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Bihar (India)?
Should I start a corporation that knits turtlenecks for giraffes? Do you think this is too progressive an idea for society to handle?
What are some of the most hilariously ironic photos you've ever seen?
What is your favorite dead meme?
How do I smile when a joke is even not funny?
How do I become good at dank memes?
What are the meanest pranks you have ever seen on video?
What makes a villain fun?
What are some funny things or behaviors you see in office culture?
I believe that using "ao kabhi haveli pe" jokes are offensive towards women due to the nature of the reference. What are your thoughts? I want to share the answers on Facebook.
What was the greatest lie you came across?
Why do girls want sense of humour as a trait in guys?
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
What do you think Ron's joke about the hag, the Healer and the Mimbulus Mimbletonia was?
What is the best Roman history meme that you can remember/create?
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you can make up right now?
What are the funniest moments when a Pakistani cricketer tried to speak English?
Why does it seem that western expats in China tend to become humorous after having lived in China for many years?
What are your most horrible and funniest experience about Google Map?
What funny thing happened during sex that still makes you laugh?
Can a person's wittiness (and the ability to crack jokes spontaneously) be a sign that one is really intelligent?
What should I say when people make fun of my buckteeth and my big lips?
Why are so many people making fun of Sean Spicer?
Where should we cross the road?
What do you think was the most ironic/funny death in any time period?
How come anime is allowed to tell interesting and serious stories, but western cartoons can't and are mostly just limited to humor?
Can you paste a picture of your favorite INTJ meme?
What are the best April Fools' day jokes of 2017?
What is the funniest part of the K-drama “Lover”?
What is the funniest fortune cookie you have ever opened?
What are the cute one liners?
What are some Texas fun facts?
What text pranks can I pull on my friend's boyfriend?
Can you direct me to the best try not to laugh video (appropriate for school purposes)?
What are some jokes about Delhi?
What's so funny in watching someone fall down?
What is the most interesting statement that you have heard?
What joke have you made that now you regret the most?
What is the funniest doctor story?
Does integrating humor and funny anecdotes while giving presentations and speeches about serious and important issues come naturally or take work?
What is the most funniest joke ever?
Why are some jokes funny but others not funny?
Why does the same joke evoke different responses from different people? Some laugh out loud and others just smile.
What is the origin of roller derby names as creative puns?
What pranks can be done in school on a targeted person for which you cannot be busted?
What are some good witty puns on coding that are to be printed on a hoddie?
Do Newfoundlanders ever get tired of hearing newfie jokes?
Why did "Damn Daniel" become viral when it isn't even funny?
What is the funniest thing that's happened to Ernest W. Adams?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
On a scale of 1-10, how funny are you?
What are some funny comments you have heard about cricketers so far?
What is the name of that app which makes funny pictures and videos?
What are the best 50 positive one liners?
Has anyone ever made you so mad that you did a sincere cynical laugh?
Slang: What are the most creative euphemisms for using the toilet?
Have you ever heard of ruranubandha?
What is the best April Fools’ prank you've ever been a part of?
What is the funniest or weirdest thing your mom/dad has ever said?
What do most people find funny?
What are some jokes about stinky feet?
What are some examples of funny miscommunication?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a student in your school say?
Why is it when someone tries to pull a prank that they exaggerate the reactions of their targets?
What is the most unintentionally funny thing you've ever seen on live TV?
Is the original chicken that crossed the road still alive?
What types of comedy does Aspies use?
What is the funniest question asked by a student?
If someone made a meme about you, what would it by called and what would it be about?
Does anyone actually skip to the loo, as opposed to walking or running based on urgency?
What is the funniest thing a student said to you?
What is the best way to reduce excitement until someone discovers a prank I've placed?
Can someone make puns about science?
What is the funniest Passover video you have seen or made for 2017?
What can I expect during my first flight? Fear, vertigo or fun?
What is the connection between the stand-up comedy community and Nucleya? They all seem to be promoting him and his works!
What is the most difficult brain teaser you ever came across?
How can I be witty and sarcastic?
What is your best Nazi joke?
What are some hilarious "Puneri Pati" in Pune?
Which one movie scene made you not just happy, but made you laugh?
What is the most ridiculous job application form that you've come across?
What are some examples of bad puns?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in school?
What are some really funny things that happened with someone else?
What are some innocent prank ideas to pull on your mom?
What is the stupidest form of cheating you have ever seen?
How do I get my humorous charm to surface again?
What is the most genius example of trolling you have ever seen?
Why are people made fun of for trying?
What are some hilarious dress pictures you’ve come across?
What are some funny trivia facts about you?
I don't have a good sense of humour, it makes me quite ashamed of myself at times.How do I enhance my sense of humour?
What is the puniest science pun you ever saw?
Why do we laugh at inappropriate times?
What's the best spontaneous comeback you ever had?
How can you be an intellectual person, and funny, sociable (not awkward) at the same time?
What is funny in this video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8oKJDjzOeA?
...
What are some good ideas for roasting someone?
Where are you in life? Amaze me with witty or interesting answers.
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said/done?
What was your most ridiculous dream?
How do I become witty and charismatic while dating?
What are the best instances of humor in uniform?
How can one be a man with a good sense of humor?
What is the reason that you laugh out loud right now?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Uttarakhand (India)?
What are some funny or witty responses for when someone ask you 'where are you living' or 'where are you residing'?
Would you call a stand-up comedian who's disabled in a chair, a sit-down comedian?
What are some examples of non-sequitur humor?
How do you know when comedy has crossed the line? Is there a line?
What is the sickest (but funny) limerick you've ever heard? (No holds barred)
What are some "alternative facts" about Quora?
What are some really evil pranks to pull on people?
When my wrist is extended I feel a shock and burn similar to my funny bone being hit. What could this be?
What prank did you do for this year's April Fools?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
How is sarcasm supposed to work?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen happen at a nursing home?
Why are some jokes "corny?"
What is the funniest meme you've ever seen?
Could you share a funny story of what happened to you in Nepal?
What is the lamest thing you've been sent out of class for?
What's the best example of false modesty you have ever heard?
What are some of the funniest memes and jokes on the Internet?
What are some of the best one-liner puns (also it would be fun if people wrote a punny comeback to the answers)?
What was your funniest experience on Quora?
What are some funny stories of finding who was stealing your lunch?
What would a shy monster do when it meets a human?
Is it wrong to laugh at bad makeup?
What’s the funniest thing your parents have told you?
What are some good ways to prank your brother?
Why do people joke about terrorism?
Which is the best Osho joke ever?
Has someone ever accidentally pulled a prank on you?
What are some funny questions to get to know someone?
What people you came across while traveling impressed you most? Why?
What are the best programmer jokes you want to share?
What is some funny trolling related to the latest election in India?
Should major companies play April Fools’ jokes?
What is the best one liner for a Facebook status?
What is a witty response to a guy who asks where I have been?
What is a funny thing that designers hear from developers?
What are some funny first nightfall stories?
What is the funniest compliment that you've received after sex?
What is your most funny doodle you made during a lecture?
Can being too funny with gals make you a clown - how much is enough?
How do I sound more dramatic?
What are some good funny nonsense quotes?
What songs would you use to prank your crush?
What are some good sarcastic quotes?
What are some of the funniest photographs ever?
What is the difference between jokes, memes and trolls?
What was your funniest answer on the border control, when you was asked about a purpose of your visit to the country?
What is the funniest work place joke you've ever heard or read?
Who is the loveliest woman you have ever heard of?
Is it helpful to use emoticons to hint at humorous content and if so, why don't more people do it?
How do you handle all of the jokes about Canada?
Is laughing fun and why?
Why are laugh tracks used so much?
Which the funniest song that you have heard from 2016?
How can I stop taking jokes seriously?
What is your lamest joke?
Can one cultivate their sense of humor?
What are some of the foreign names of objects, food items, and places which have been modified by Indians in their own way, and which seem so funny?
What was the creepiest thing you’ve done as a child?
So, I read this article about workplace vigilantism and am wondering about it. What are people's interesting, funny, weird, scary, etc., experiences with this phenomenon?
Is courtesy laughing seen as a form of 'kissing up?' Is this consistent with our views on what constitutes 'kissing up?'
What's the weirdest act you've ever done?
What hurts when nothing hurts you anymore?
What is the funniest clean joke you've heard?
Which type of jokes are called as pakau jokes?
What could be a really witty take on the pros of the GST?
What are some good, easy pranks I can do on my family?
Why don't people laugh at their friends' jokes to humor them even if they don't find them that funny?
What is the funniest folder name you have in your computer?
What's funny in haveli?
What's the most offensive joke you've ever heard?
How can you turn a serious situation into humourous?
What makes a picture with words a meme?
What is the funniest thing that happened to you on an airplane?
How can I tell when someone is joking or seriously trying to bring me down?
What's behind the Overwatch autistic jokes?
What are the best counters to sarcasm?
Is it normal that I find "Baffin Island" as a funny name?
What are some of the miracles that you have come across as a doctor?
What is the best mantra ever heard in your life time?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Uttar Pradesh (India)?
What is the weirdest moment you have ever seen?
What are some funny and weird toddler videos?
What is your most ridiculous fear?
Whenever we get on the internet, why do we always get those people who joke around about comitting suicide?
Why do people find saying 'Allahu akbar' so funny?
What is the humours thing happend with you?
Are we the only only animals with a sense of humour? Why?
What are the pros and cons of being a YouTuber who makes funny videos? Will it be possible for a lower middle class engineer girl?
Why is Pakistan so keen in making a joke of itself?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do you perceive sarcasm?
Can someone post photos of all casts of Just for laugh gags?
Do police officers find it disrespectful when people joke about donuts?
How will women like me if I'm not funny?
What are some fun facts about Guinee Conakry?
What are self-deprecating jokes?
Is there room for humor or irony in our answers?
What is the best police joke ever heard?
Can I find a stand-up comedy club in Bangalore?
What's the funniest moment, when you walked in on someone?
If I want to have a good laugh, where should I go on the Internet?
What is your favorite Family Guy funny moment?
What is the funniest joke you have ever seen or heard?
Are there any good pranks I can play on my neighbors?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
What's the funniest advice you have heard?
What are some yo mama jokes?
Why do people make fun of Hyderabadis?
What do you find to be the weirdest SCOTUS or state (USA) Supreme Court ruling?
What has made you laugh recently?
What are some funny snake names?
What is a funny comment you can say when a guy says you have a big butt?
Why is it so hard to explain when something is funny?
If somebody knew of a psychopath’s condition and kept laughing, made weird faces and screamed psycho whenever they saw them, what would the psychopath do?
As a Royal Guard, what made you laughed?
Why is a banana considered a funny fruit?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done as a teenager?
In stand-up comedy, is it a tradition to end the show with a joke referencing another joke told earlier?
What is the funniest looking Nuke?
What is your favorite inside joke? No explanation needed.
What is/was your lamest comeback?
What's the funniest thing you saw while getting on a subway car?
What are some hilarious things about being a lawyer?
What scenes from movies have a slapstick humour "stuck" scene in it?
What is the most funny thing you have ever done in public?
What are some unknown puns you know?
Why are some jokes "cheesy?"
What is the funniest blasphemous joke that you know?
How do you describe a matchbox in the most funniest way?
If a tree falls and lands on your head in the forest but you did not hear it land on your head, does that mean you will never make another sound?
What would you recommend as hidden gems of humorous sci-fi/fantasy?
Can you share some of the weirdest things you have done in a plane?
What is the worst April Fool’s Day joke that people have fallen for?
Why do babies always look at you funny?
What is the dumbest grade you have ever recieved?
What's the funniest thing about women other than they think they're so special?
How would you explain to people the difference between sarcasm and other types of humor?
What does "cling clang" mean or what's funny about it?
What is the funniest thing you can possibly write today on Quora?
What are good cafes to organize an open mic standup comedy event in Udaipur?
What are the advantages of stand up comedy as a profession?
What is the funniest joke you've heard to date?
What is the funniest thing to happen to transgender people related to their gender presentation?
What are some of the weirdest phones ever made?
Why do boys laugh of the corny jokes of the girl?
What are some funny class president slogans?
What are the funniest things people have said in their sleep?
Have you ever met someone who was an exceptional human being without a sense of humor?
Can being a funny Twitter celebrity in India affect the way I am seen at my workplace and my career?
Do girls feel sexual desire when one of their "just friends" share some funny double meaning jokes?
What is a funny reply to a strange girl who calls you bro?
Do you have a funny question to ask on Quora?
How do I write a funny paper?
What is the funniest food writing?
Why are funny people seen as not smart?
What are some tips for having a sarcastic voice?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Bangladesh?
What is the funniest advertisement you have came across?
What are the funniest songs ever?
Does Donald Trump have a sense of humor?
Is it okay to joke about sensitive topics?
Why does the chicken have to have a reason to cross the road?
What do FASFA workers think of the memes?
What are your funny cafe/restaurant moments?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
What's the funny thing you have ever done?
What was the best comeback you said to your parent?
What do you think that the evolutionary function of laughter and our sense of humour is?
Could you imagine and write down the discussion between any two famous characters/persons (your choice)?
What are your favorite humorous passages from a science article or book?
What's the cutest funny thing your spouse keeps doing?
Can you compose a short humorous poem right now from nothing?
What are the most interesting or funniest historical facts?
What books teach how to respond to unpleasant comments in a funny, detached, and clever way?
What are the funniest Indian tweets?
How did the John Cena memes get started?
What is a good April Fools' prank to pull on a long-distance ex-girlfriend?
Why do some people love black humor?
What are some good ideas for pranks?
How can I be in an instant laugh mood with everybody?
Can someone share Funny ATC - Pilot exchanges happened in real?
Is English a funny language?
What is the funniest note you have ever created?
Which is the shortest physics joke that you know of?
I have come across one Asha psychic spiritualist. Are they really genuine?
What are some hilarious lame jokes?
What is the funniest and most offensive joke you have ever heard?
What are those funny phrases or words Americans often use?
What are some funny classroom stories from an IIM?
What are some really funny things that happened with you?
Has anyone ever lost their sense of humour? How do you get it back?
What do you think of people that like to laugh at other people's misfortune?
How and where did the concept of memes originate?
What are the opportunities for a creative, smart, humorous person using the Internet?
If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
What egregious historical myths or errors did you once believe in?
I just updated to Nougat, but now, a funny V with what looks like a Wi-Fi signal is on my status bar. Does anyone have any idea of what it is?
Why do people make fun of a person's sincere one-sided love these days?
Which April Fools’ pranks have negatively affected businesses?
What are your thoughts on AIB’s Quora joke?
Do you find virtual machines fun? If so, what makes them fun?
What is the funniest thing you've put in your credentials on Quora?
What is the most funniest but legitimate reason someone called 911?
Did Abbot and Costello write their own material?
How should I anchor in a funny way?
What are some sarcastic sibling jokes?
Can women find a male comedian funny if they are sexually repulsed by him?
What is the smartest quote you've ever came across?
What are some of the best memes from during or after the 2017 UP election?
What is the funniest thing to say to Siri?
What is the funniest thing that you heard on the Seinfeld show?
Are the Chinese funny?
Who can make the best memes?
Why do people make fun of Michael Jackson?
How can I joke around with a straight face?
Do archeologists ever find ancient jokes?
What is something that is funny in your language but fails to be funny in other languages?
What is the funniest cartoon logic you have ever seen?
What are some sick disses in holy texts of any religion?
Who has had a negative or funny experience working for rich kids?
Why do people think IIMians are not fun?
Is intelligence related to scoring good grades or the ability to make people laugh?
Is fake laughing still good for you?
Does someone know a good sports meme site?
Why are dorm hall pranks so fun?
What can be an alternative but funny ending for "Main aur meri tanhai aksar ye baatein karte hain ki" dialogue?
What is the funniest joke you thought of yourself?
What is your funny proposal story/conversation?
What is a clever, but not necessarily funny, thing to say to a lady to get her to go to dinner with you?
Will you make up a joke?
What are some of the best/funniest protest signs you've seen?
Do you have any experience of laughing at serious situations?
What form of humor is correlated with higher intelligence?
Have you ever laughed suddenly while crying because of something funny happened?
Do you think that different cultures have a different sense of humour? If so, how would you explain?
When did Hitler become a meme?
Why is it that jokes are made about engineers while it is one of the toughest courses?
What is the best "one-liner' you've ever delivered?
Which is the funniest Bollywood song you have ever heard?
What is the most hilarious example of hypocrisy you have personally experienced?
What are the best one liners that you wrote till now?
How can I find funny tweets?
Can you give an example of British sarcasm?
Why is a person without a sense of humour like a food without salt?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done in a serious way?
What's the funniest thing you've heard or seen from a tour guide?
What is some of your favorite answer that you bookmarked?
What is the most funny incident after having bhang in Holi?
What have your most humorous encounters with Siri been like?
How can I Make My laugh less?
Is it normal to joke about death?
Have you been asked something from a phone solicitor that made you think twice about their question?
What is the funniest meme you have ever seen/heard/read?
Why do I feel like I have heard every joke?
What are some funny excuses that you have come across when you ask someone to donate blood?
What awesome pranks can I pull before school ends (I’m 15 almost 16)?
What are the most consistently interesting or funny 'weird Twitter' accounts?
What is your funniest Model UN story?
Can I start making YouTube prank videos as only a producer and hire my actors to do pranks?
What makes people laugh at funerals?
What are some good jokes related to morals and ethics?
What are some stories where people have just missed something unfavourable, e.g., a huge traffic jam, a flight that crashed, getting knocked over, etc.?
What’s the weirdest thing about your country?
What are some of the memorable or humorous anecdotes provided by Kavingar Vaali during his speeches or interviews?
Is being funny all the time wrong?
Do women have a sense of humor?
Can you share some of April Fools’ Day 2017 pranks done by big companies?
Can you list Quora writers who write humorous answers?
What is the best sex joke you ever made?
What is a joke that can make an old man laugh?
Is being nice a good thing?
What is your favourite bilingual joke?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
Which is your favorite Vadivel comedy? Why?
Which people have a better sense of humour, Chinese or Americans?
Why do unfunny people use a lot of profanity when trying to to be funny?
What are some of the funniest excuses that teachers have heard from students?
What are some classic police jokes?
What's something you did as a child that you still laugh about today?
If I write a joke answer to a joke question then am I violating any Quora policy?
What was your first funny video uploaded on YouTube?
What is your favorite joke-spelling of the name Benedict Cumberbatch?
What is the funniest Chinglish you've seen?
What are some good jokes to use when talking to girls?
What is the funniest local train incident that you had in ODISHA?
If you found yourself in a situation where you had to make someone who was grumpy laugh, or you would face execution, then what measures would you employ?
Can you make a person believe any bogus story as a prank?
What do you normally find funny but most would be offended by?
What is your funniest experience you ever had in college?
What is the weirdest reason you heard for choosing a politician to vote for?
Where can I find really funny dank memes page like Daquan but not on Instagram?
What's the silliest question you've ever heard?
What are some funny Snapchat stories?
How do I enhance my sense of humour?
Which society cultivates humor, art and friendship?
If Donald Trump had installed a bright red launch button behind his desk in the Oval Office, would it be a sick joke?
What is the best incident you would like to narrate that can make everyone laugh?
What are some English books based on humour?
Why don't I find movies of the comedic genre funny, in other words I think funny movies aren't really that funny?
What is a common joke evolutionary scientists have about humans?
What was the killing joke in "The Killing Joke"?
What is the funniest thing you did when you were drunk?
What are the best incidents of ATM machine going rogue?
What are some good examples of funny satires?
How do I write humour?
What April Fools’ prank can I complete today?
In which countries making pranks can be extremely dangerous?
What are some memes to troll scientists (comparing them to engineers)?
What is the funniest thing you have ever found in someone's search history?
What is the funniest accidental thing you've had a teacher say?
What is the most fascinating story you have ever heard?
When did you find out that you were funny?
How do I make a song funny like the Funzoa Channel on YouTube?
What are the best and one liner answer on Quora?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Haryana (India)?
Where can I find some funny Mad Libs sheets?
What's the most funny communication?
Do you like when other people laugh? Why/Why not?
Where can I buy boxers with funny slogans/one liners printed on them for men?
Which country is the funniest?
How can I stop my voice from becoming distorted when I'm trying to say something funny?
What is the dumbest thing that man can calculate?
Do Indians find Bollywood dancing funny?
My teacher misunderstood my prank call as rape, what do I do?
Have you ever been made fun of because of your religion?
How do I increase your Sense of Humour?
Is Trumps statement that an “an attack now will be the judges fault”the stupidest thing ever said by a sitting president?
What are some funny moments in Indian Army?
What is the funniest thing that you have?
What is the most ridiculous birth story you have heard of or experienced?
What are some of the most weird/funny Tinder profiles you have come across?
What does Chandler meant by "too many jokes, must mock Joey"?
What comedy guide should I read for Indian stand-up comedy?
What are some funniest complains you have received in your career?
What normal word makes you laugh?
What was the first meme of a photo?
Which funny joke did you crack today?
What are some of the craziest, funniest stories from roommates in a shared house?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a student say?
What is the strangest piece of logic you have ever encountered?
What are some jokes only smart people will get?
This is a funny and interesting question, but I would appreciate it if somebody answered. What do the crocodile and fire emojis mean ?
Which characters’ names, when first and last are switched, sound funniest?
Can this word 'groovy' be used in commenting on some funny, hilarious meme?
What are some funny clean dares for kids?
Do you believe in what most people joke about is actually how they feel?
What is the most socially risky thing you've ever done?
How would Russia fare under a Zhirinovsky presidency?
I don't care about racist jokes as long as there's no malicious intent behind them. Why can't everyone be like that?
What is the best prank you have ever pulled on someone?
What did your dog do that made you laugh today?
Are movies with Simon Pegg, e.g. the Cornetto trilogy, good examples of modern British humor?
What are some interesting and/or funny YouTube videos?
Can you create a dating bio using the likes and dislikes of someone famous (real or imaginary)?
Why are rape jokes not funny?
What should you know before creating memes?
Why are Oscars given to serious performances and not funny ones?
What are the most dead memes as of April 2017?
What is considered funnier, a British or an American sense of humour (humor)?
Can you recall the funniest dramatic irony that happened in your life?
If a plate of rice and a pizza are both dropped from the same height, at the same time, which will reach the ground first?
What are the most ridiculous corporate rules at your job?
Who is the biggest Trump fan you've ever come across?
Will memes die?
How do you know you have a sense of humor, is it by what others laugh at or at what you laugh at? Does it lack charm to laugh at your own jokes?
How do I know if someone understood my joke?
What is your favourite (clean) joke in Spanish?
Can you tell a surprise failure story?
What are punny jokes?
Can you tell me some advanced physics jokes?
Has your sense of humour ever helped you wriggle out of an embarrassing situation?
What's the funniest compliment you've ever received?
Do the people in Chelm mind the jokes about them?
What are some CA jokes?
When someone makes a joke and nobody laughs, is it because the joke is not funny or do we just have a less of a sense of humour?
If you can make yourself laugh, does that mean you're in good company?
What are some examples of funny toasts?
What're your best puns?
Is there a connection between sadness and humour?
How come Jalals has never been prosecuted for his bomb pranks?
Why can't I do Snapchat? Meaning when you do the camera with the funny faces or characters on there.
Why do I always laugh (smile) at someone even if something is not funny?
Do you have a funny story about meeting someone famous?
What is the funniest thing that you have heard someone did sleep walking?
Can you write an answer that can make me laugh out loud?
If you had a completely bizarre and funny power, what would it be, and how would you use it?
Why do people like Seinfeld so much?
What is a funny joke, about anything?
How can I make my sense of humor like a cup of tea?
What's the most unique pun you ever came across?
When is humor good?
What are interesting one liners said by MCs to grab the attention of the audience?
Is it okay to laugh at our own mistakes?
Have you ever been clumsy on purpose to make someone laugh?
What is your favourite Game of Thrones meme, joke or witty one-liner?
If two vegans are arguing, is it still called 'beef'?
What are some of the humorous jokes related to the English language?
What's the most embarassing thing you have seen in a hotel room?
Do you have a funny name by which you address your parents or by which your kids address you and why?
What is your most embarrassing and funny epic fail moment?
What are the best dark comedy monologues?
What are the best chemistry one liners?
What are the funniest incidents of people with OCD?
What is your impression from this old Soviet comedy, do you have any similar comedy in your country?
What is your funniest rejection story?
Why are people offended by culture jokes?
What is your favorite " Chicken crossing the road " joke?
What is the best prank you pulled on your siblings/ parents/ cousins?
What is the most ancient joke known today?
What is the most ridiculous political statement you have heard of?
I have a lot of social anxiety. I find my close friends and YouTube video clips funny, but not much else/not much people. How can I laugh more?
Why do ASMR videos make me laugh?
If a girl is really funny, like super funny, is it intimidating for others?
What has been the most funniest or hilarious dream while asleep, you ever had?
What are the most nonsense questions you have come across in your life?
Which are the funniest videos by Indian YouTube?
What is the funniest thing about millennials?
What are some funny Dumbledore quotes from the Harry Potter book series?
What TV series have the wittiest dialogues?
When does time end?
What are your favourite one-liners from Seinfeld?
What are some killer one liners that one should know?
What are some interesting and funny words like "clinomania"?
What is the history of humor in India?
What is the most ironic thing about you?
What things do you do to make Destiny fun?
How do I come up with an original and funny grad quote?
Did veterans have any interesting/funny experiences when working with another countries’ troops?
Have you ever said something serious that was taken as a joke? What was it?
What are the funniest things you have ever found in Google Street view?
Has Donald Trump ever said anything witty?
How is My Lost Dollar by Stephen Leacock a humorous story?
If I have 12 Quora followers, can I call myself Jesus of Quora?
What are some of the funniest excuses teachers have heard from students?
What is a situation that you first thought was serious, but became funny later?
What path should I take to write the best joke that ever existed? What factors are involved?
What is so important about memes?
What are some of the best 1 line double meaning jokes?
A boy shared a funny joke, does he like me?
What was the stupidest thing you saw on TV today?
What is your funniest fart story?
What is the most offensive joke you admit to laughing at?
How do you know if you have an inappropriate sense of humor?
What is the funniest source code you have ever seen?
What are some funny T-shirt images/memes you have seen?
What are some hilarious posts that only gamers will understand?
What is the funniest meme/gif/joke on the internet, in your opinion?
What is a funny story about something being much closer than you thought?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Nagaland (India)?
Why do some people have a rude humor?
Is laughing out loud while alone uncommon?
Why is my grandmother telling me to stop being smart with my grandpa when in reality I was telling a joke?
What are some crazy, funny, or awkward stories about counselling?
What is the wierdest thing that happened to you?
What's your favorite English joke?
What is the funny thing about your child?
Is laughing when someone falls a folkway?
What is the best April fool prank?
Is the Murray's sandstorm-conjuring spell in Hotel Transylvania 2 actually based on the Egyptian language, or just gibberish?
What joke did you not understand as a child that you only just got?
Who are some famous cock blockers?
What the funniest test answers from kids?
What are the most funny episodes in Friends?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen in your life? How do you think smiles affect your life?
What's your favourite Ramsey meme?
How can I improve my sense of humour and be more social?
Is it bad that I want a girlfriend who jokes as much as I do?
What are some mind blowing facts about Pakistan?
What is the best British-style joke you know?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard at family gatherings?
How do I start my speech in a new class in a funny way?
What's the funniest punishment you received when your parents were angry?
Are there any particular topics that are often used for jokes in your country?
On average, how many jokes does a sitcom make in a minute?
What's a short and funny way to say this phrase, “Please excuse brevity and typos, this message was born on an iPhone”?
What are some ironic place names you have seen or heard of?
Where can I find a specific funny video of a guy cycling while making a weird face and humming?
How can I be funny, in my own way?
What are some API for Fun/Jokes/Funny Gif?
What are some stories that you think will make me laugh?
What are the funniest memes made in 2017?
What are the best "knock knock" jokes you've ever heard?
Why do we sometimes find breaking taboos funny and sometimes deplorable?
What are some really funny stories involving poop?
What are the most funny videos found on the internet?
What is a good, short joke you like?
Could you suggest me some trending/funny/most used dialogue, one liner or even a word in Mangalore Kannada?
Why is the response "I got 'em all cut" to the question "did you get a haircut" supposed to be funny?
What is your most funny moment in school with your friends?
What do people find funny in 2017?
Trump is a beloved target of funny jokes. Can he, himself, laugh at such jokes?
Why does people laugh on others?
Can one be serious about a total bullshit joke (not a polemical question)?
What are some jokes that do a good job of explaining why something happens?
What is the funniest thing your best friend ever told you?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard about yourself?
What are the best examples of wittiest moments?
What is the most sarcastic comment/joke you ever heard/told?
What are examples of funny persuasive essay topics?
Describe the funniest thing your pet has seen you do?
Why is Ali Alshamsi asked so many weird and funny question nowadays?
Why are circles so funny?
What are some of the funniest moments in your love life?
What do you think is a funny present for someone born on April Fool’s Day?
Is it okay to make fun of poverty?
Which is the best short, funny story that isn’t more than 200 words?
Is it normal for me to laugh at Nazi Jokes and memes?
Which is the best site you have ever come across?
What is craziest prank call you pulled and got caught?
Do US police really make jokes and puns when arresting people?
What are some funny stories from your first years of teaching?
Why do people only think of me as a stupid joke?
What are the best and funniest planes?
Does joking mean real things sometimes?
What are some terrible puns?
What are some jokes to make when hosting a talent show?
What are some funny phrases to put on a New York-inspired valentine's day card?
What is the most impressive Chinglish you've ever heard?
What's the best "Confucious Say" joke you've ever heard?
Which of your own insults that you've ever said do you find the most entertaining or funny?
Do you know some really good white jokes?
Is it OK to laugh while a woman is in labor?
What is the difference between dead memes and stale memes?
What are characteristics define mellow comedy?
Can I have depression if I make jokes and laugh a lot?
What's the funniest or most clever name you've given to your dog(s)?
Why do I joke about insecurities?
What are some examples of funny quotes?
Does making too many dick jokes make someone a dick?
What is the funniest persuasive speech a teacher has witnessed?
What is your own comedy experences?
What was the funniest unintentional 'accident' you've ever seen during a play?
Is Gabe Newell funny person?
How do I not overuse humor when conversing with other adults?
Does money make people do funny things?
What was the cruelest joke/prank you ever saw?
What are the silliest death scenes?
Does having a good sense of humor increase a person's chances of getting a girl?
What is a joke that you tell all the time?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have threatened a child with?
How many memes are made a day?
Can my father joke with me?
What are your funniest and most humourous memories?
What is the most funniest memory in your life?
What is the one thing about your friend that makes you laugh out loud?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Germany?
What elements of humour do you think are universal?
How would you classify sarcasm? Is it a positive or negative skill, and is it a personality plus or minus?
What is with Stevie Wonder and his blind jokes?
What is the most ridiculous reason that someone try asking for leave?
Is it ok if my boyfriend and I don't have the exact same sense of humor?
How funny is a funny bone?
What are your silliest sentiments?
What is the most interesting joke you have heard?
Should Christians laugh at sexual jokes in TV shows?
What are some witty replies to you are lame?
What's the funniest thing you overheard?
Where can I get new funny videos?
What are thinking jokes and riddles used for?
What is the best thing you came across today?
Why do people make fun of Congolese people?
What is the most silly thing you have done?
What's the funniest question or answer on Quora?
What is oddest crime you've ever heard or seen?
What are some great jokes about countries?
Is there any humorous Scriptural wordplay?
What’s wrong with laughing at your own jokes?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in Daman and Diu (India)?
What are some funny and innocent prank ideas to pull on your husband?
Can you tell why a child is laughing while they are being pulled on a Trunki?
What are examples of humorous monologues from plays?
What are tips or tricks to make a very serious person laugh or lighten up a little?
What is the smallest organism that can process/create humorous events?
Why are botanists made fun of in the movie "The Martian"?
Which is the best memes you have seen in Facebook so far?
What are some of the meanest/worst pranks you ever pulled on someone?
How can I joke more?
Can you share a funny experience that happened while traveling?
Are there any good books on how to be funny?
What were some of the failures you experienced when doing stand-up comedy?
A girl I've slept with texted "get in the kitchen and make a sammich. Know your place missy" as a joke. What's a funny, cocky response?
What are the best M.I.T. engineering school pranks?
Why is my childhood turning into memes?
Is there such a thing as good or bad sense of humour?
How do I avoid dorm hall pranks?
What did you bought at a store that made the cashier cringe?
What is the funniest thing about life?
When did you have the perfect joke for a situation but the wrong audience to understand it?
What is the difference between Shakespearean comedy and classical comedy?
What is the dankest meme you have ever witness?
How should I keep a serious face at serious moment?
Who started “aao kabhi haveli pe” memes?
Why do I love to make fun/bully/fight people?
Why are funny people often characterized as intelligent?
What characteristics define cynical humor?
Where can I find a source of humor that it is not dumb or sarcastic?
Is it okay to call the real police about unorthodox problems?
What are some inside jokes or sayings you've developed with your family?
What is the weirdest fact anyone has ever told you?
Did humor exist before humans invented language?
I will ask you a humorous question. How do you think Voldemort lost his nose?
What does it say about someone when they upload jokes to their Facebook wall?
What is the most funny, cleverly, dangerous or secretly things you have done on Quora?
What are the funniest messages you've received as a delivery man or woman?
How is stand up comedy as a profession?
What is the funniest thing you saw while in prison?
What are some good IT/Computer jokes, quotes, or funny sayings?
What are some dumb ways to lose money?
Why do humans understand sarcasm?
Did men in the cavemen era use humor and cracked jokes?
What is the worst prank anyone has played on you?
How can I create funny toasts for a wedding?
Can you make me chuckle in exactly 5 words?
Can you produce a fake smile and still appear funny?
What are sacrilegious jokes?
What's the secret to one-line jokes?
What's your most hilarious IT support experience?
Where are the funny WhatsApp videos?
What are some corny dad jokes?
Is laughing and making fun of others psychologically acceptable?
What was it about Voltaire that is deemed witty?
Do you think Islam is nothing rather than a prank played in the midieval age?
Is it wrong when someone makes a joke and we ignore it and say stop just because we don't like their way?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Manipur (India)?
What's the funniest video on the Internet?
What was the most funny experience on first date?
Is nudism fun?
What is one funny name that was given to a guest?
What is your funniest fashion story?
Are sarcastic Nazi jokes okay?
Which meme is your favorite? Why?
Is it bad to like edgy memes?
Has anyone ever farted on your face?
What is the most funniest thing that happen in public places?
What was the funniest reaction of a commander to a message from the enemy?
Are there any interservice joke among China PLA?
What funny and fail experience you can share that can be use as warning to others?
Can you suggest me some witty and humorous conversation for my cartoon characters?
What's the best books about what humans find funny?
What are some cheesy and romantic puns and pickup lines?
How is humour and amusement produced?
What exactly happened at Sri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur?
Which are the fake prank channels on YouTube?
What are the signs of good sense of humour?
How do you react when no one laughs at your jokes?
Do you like the "understandable have a good day" meme?
Have you ever heard of Piers Anthony?
What are the most popular topics in stand-up comedy?
What is the funniest thing you've seen that included some advanced science?
I just saw the movie, Deadpool. If you've seen it, did you like it? I found it very funny.
What are some jokes about terrorists?
My girlfriend embarrassed me in front of her friends. What should I do?
What are ways I could practice to become witty?
What is the funniest mistake a scientist has ever made?
What is the silliest question you have seen?
What is your most funny story on being forgetful?
What are some fun facts about the 442nd Regimental Combat Team?
Why do most Americans miss sarcasm completely when other people make a joke?
I need a punchline for a routine about having Hulk as a room mate. Any ideas?
What are some of the most ridiculous school rules in India you have come across?
If someone always wants to talk to you but you don't feel like talking to them at the moment what are some good questions to ask that have no answer?
What are some funny games/challenges for an all-girls sleepover?
Can I report someone on Quora for claiming their answer will be "funny" when it turns out not to be funny at all?
What is a bad meme?
Why do we feel designs are funny when they get older?
What is the dumbest thing that you have heard a teacher say?
Is Tracey Ullman funny?
What is the funniest thing you have seen someone eating whilst they were cycling or skateboarding?
What are some random and funny moments in Battlefield 1?
How do I make my work fun?
What is the best joke that you have heard from friends during exam period?
How do I control my laughing while a meeting is going on?
What are the funny jokes you heard about movie Sholay?
What should I do when other people laugh?
Let's have some Monday fun. Which is your favorite meme for Monday?
What made you laugh just now?
How did some gay porn become a meme?
How do I handle Asian jokes?
What are some best puns which you can come up with right now?
What are some funny experiences involving Oxford?
What is the silliest thing you have done in college?
What are some funny facts about emperor Puyi and Hirohito?
What was the most epic senior prank you ever took part of/witnessed?
What's the best April Fool's prank you know of?
What would happen if there were no jokes, wit, or sarcasm in our lives?
What is the funniest 'Try not to laugh challenge(s)’?
What are the funniest cooked up stories someone has ever tried to tell you?
How do I start making inside jokes?
If you laugh about death, what does that mean?
What are some of the funniest moments on "The Office"?
Do homeless people get knock knock jokes?
Are there any stand-up comedy open mics in London on Sunday nights?
Have you ever found out terrible news and wished it was just a bad joke?
What is the origin of the "aao kabhi haweli pe" meme?
How do I make my sister laugh?
Do you dislike the term 'belly laugh'?
What is the best humor poster you have come across?
What is your funniest encounter with an animal?
How can I best find smart, funny, well-rounded friends on Quora?
What's the dumbest promposal you have ever witnessed?
What are some of the funniest computer problems you have ever had?
Will I be made fun of for wearing a fanny pack?
Why does my funny bone tingle?
How can I laugh openly?
What are the most hilarious memes you come across in social media?
When was the last time you made yourself laugh?
What differences, if any, did you notice in the humor of Seinfeld after Larry David's 1996 departure?
What are the funniest image memes you have seen about President Trump?
Hackers, what is the funniest and weirdest password that you've ever seen while hacking someone's account?
Are incest jokes pointless since we're all related?
What's the funniest computer problem you ever saw?
What is the easiest to understand definition of fermentation that you've ever read or heard?
What was the most legendary one-liner in movie history?
Who thinks babies are funny?
Have you played any April Fools jokes that backfired?
What was the last time u laughed out louder?
What are the best jokes made about fake news?
What is your best sarcastic reply to your friends?
What are some funny names given to dogs in India?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
What is the most famous line in the history of Seinfeld?
How do I prepare for boards with only 10 months left?
What is one of the most interesting rumors you've heard before?
What are some instances in which you did something that made you laugh at yourself?
Was Ross's place of employment on the TV show Friends, “Museum of Prehistoric History,” supposed to be a joke?
As a funeral director what is the funniest thing that has happened to you or a family?
So, did the chicken cross the road in the end?
Is sarcasm a form of anger?
Why do people make fun of my name (Corn Hub)?
What would be the best word or one-liner for a doctor and an engineer's marriage?
What is the funniest game that's worth the money?
Are there any legendarily funny Quora posts or answers?
How much does being funny overlap with being derogatory?
What are the best movie soundtracks?
Are there any kids books with adult humor?
Why are sacrilegious jokes so controversial?
Have you ever had a real life experience that was like a badly written porno?
What is your favorite method for preparing a chicken?
So I am really, really bad at sarcasm, both in recognizing it and in making sarcastic jokes. How can I improve my sarcasm game?
What is the best way to start a blog that is both humorous and serious?
Can a video creator get sued if someone takes a joke in their videos seriously?
What's the funniest fight you have ever seen?
What anime make you burst out laughing?
How do I know if someone is joking with me?
What are the best jokes about age?
What would be the best way for someone to prank you?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
Why are feminists so humorless and oversensitive?
Why am I laughing uncontrollably at mildly funny jokes?
I was made fun of because of my name and called a terrorist. How do I deal with this?
What is a joke or fun story you like the most?
What was the first meme and what does it mean?
What does sense of humor mean?
Has life made a joke of you?
What does the "Meme Warfare Center" meme mean?
What was the most happiest moment that you have ever came across?
Do you know jokes about digital health?
What are some embarrassing memories that makes you laugh now?
What is the best comeback about someone's sex life you have ever made?
What are some funny/silly superstitious beliefs in India that you have come across?
Why does death make me laugh?
What is the best joke of last year?
What is a clever, funny thing I can say for my thirty words?
What are some wise/funny things said by Joey Tribbiani on the American TV series “Friends”?
Can a BBW have fun while being gangbanged?
Are there genes that affect a person’s innate sense of humor?
What are some fun facts I don't know?
Is it true that there are two types of guys, a boob guy and an ass guy?
How can you make me laugh mathematically?
What kind of pranks can you do on your parents?
How can I stop being stupid and trying to be funny as a teen?
Do people who find the German language funny, unattractive know that Germans also find other G. accents funny, and make fun of Hitler's way of speaking?
What are the greatest jokes that have just taken place, or are currently taking place, or will take place in the near future around the world?
What is the best joke or cartoon that can actually make people laugh out loud?
Is it okay to say nigger jokingly?
What is the dumbest thing a customer has said to you?
What's a good response to "Say something funny."?
What is the funniest thing your sister has done?
What is the dumbest thing a teacher has said to you? (during class)
Why do some people laugh at a joke when others don't?
What is the biggest size of penis you have ever come across?
What jokes are so dumb, they’re actually funny?
What is African and Chinese humor like?
How can I master the art of insinuation?
How can I increase my sarcasm levels and sense of humor?
What are some of the strangest first names you've heard?
How do I make my own jokes for public speaking? I am really sarcastic in real life but I can't joke when it comes a formal event. Why is that so?
What is the most innovative idea that you have ever heard about?
What are your favorite friendzone jokes?
What are the best practical jokes ever played on the General Public?
If some of your friends crack a joke on you in the presence of your girlfriend, what do you do?
What is your opinion of 'blue' (risqué) jokes?
Are any shows as funny as The Office?
What was your best or funniest Snapchat?
I don't have any topics to talk and make myself intresting. What should I do. I also want them to laugh?
What are the elements of a wonderful and successful online persona?
Why was Bahubali movie was so funny and stupid?
What is the significance of Poor Jokes(PJs)?
What is the dumbest answer you have heard on a quiz show?
What are some hilarious Putin and Trump memes?
How do I fight back people who makes fun of me in public?
Is it weird that a father thinks it’s funny that people think he's his daughter’s boyfriend?
Teachers, what's the funniest answer you've gotten from a student that technically wasn't wrong?
Can you give me an example of a good sense of humour?
What is the funniest thing you have done whilst doing your homework?
What is the most hilarious argument you have heard for God?
What is the most interesting paradox you've ever heard of?
What are some of the best excuses made by Ola/Uber drivers in India?
What is the best sounding African language you've come across?
Why do people sometimes make fun of the American Air Force?
What is the lifespan of a meme? How long does it take to be irrelevant?
How do I make a girl laugh and smile while texting if I am ugly?
What are some fun things to write about?
How do I create a meme? With what concept?
What adult jokes did you encounter within a kids movie?
Why are there so many American jokes?
What was the weirdest prank call that you have received?
What is it that you find funny that no one else does?
Trump makes me laugh. Isn't that a good thing?
What are the funniest questions you have seen and answered on Quora?
Why do the majority of Americans lag a sarcastic sense of humor? (Or ironic)
What are some techniques for creating a powerful meme?
Is Mr. Show with Bob and David - "The Story of Everest" episode - the funniest thing in the history of mankind? If not, what is?
What is the best roast you've ever heard?
What is the most funny line you have ever heard from someone?
What cringe-worthy jokes do you know?
What's funny about your life?
Why do some people laugh a lot over some stupid silly joke?
What makes you laugh/cry while you're alone?
What are some local jokes from your country?
What are the wittiest n funniest answers on Quora?
What are some of the most weird names you have come across?
What is your favorite one-liner for motivation?
So I got bald a few years ago, it's really frustrating when some times people make jokes about this. What to do or how to react?
What are some of the meanest and funny things people say to skinny guys?
What are some good comebacks to "you're ugly" and not something innapropiate?
Why do you laugh when people call you weird?
How can I use one liners to make conversations interesting?
What's the most ridiculous sexist remark you've heard and how did you respond?
Why does life feel like a joke?
What was the funniest / weirdest thing that happened to you while travelling in a Delhi Metro rail?
How could I become more entertaining?
Does someone's personality define if they are funny or not?
Of all the brilliant jokes in the Discworld series, which is your favourite?
What are the funniest moment you faced in live-in relationship?
What was your funniest moment on Quora?
What are some good April Fool’s pranks to play on anyone?
Why is it that I find jokes about autism funny, when I myself have autism?
How can I come up with more jokes and find the confidence to say them out loud?
What is the best joke you have ever said to your friend?
What made you laugh out loud recently?
Will you please make me laugh to feel better?
How can I add humor to a graduation speech?
What are the mpst funny questions about Engineering?
How would you connect humour and super-geniuses like Grand Master Meyerhof in Jokester written by Isaac Asimov?
What is the funniest picture or meme on your cellphone?
Apart from peeing properly, what would be your main problem if gravity suddenly didn’t exist for a day?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
Can you tell me a time that you actually died?
Would an ape trained in sign language understand basic humor?
What is the most harmless, creepy yet funny way that someone has crushed over you or stalked you?
What are the common traits of genuinely funny people?
What are the 10 funny things you want to do?
Why is it funny to hear the words, “I love you”?
What are the best indicators that you're in the Bible Belt?
What is a good sarcastic response for "how's life"?
What are some subtle inside jokes?
How do you identify a software engineer in crowd?
Can you write a parody of a popular song for the audience of Quora?
What is your opinion on reviving old memes?
What are the funniest photo of mistakes?
What are different Doctype you have come across?
When and how should you respond to people making fun of you in a professional environment?
What is the interesting/funny side of Canada?
Is Romanian humour similar to (stereotypical) Italian humour (like Lisa Lampanelli)?
How can I get or listen to stand-up comedy audio/video, legally?
What is the funniest or strangest thing that someone has said while under anesthesia during surgery?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
What's the most "Murica" thing you've ever done?
What is your funniest moment in VJTI?
Where can I have fun and laughter on Quora?
What are the best one liners on teens?
At any time, did you ever feel that you are so unlucky but somehow managed the situation cleverly?
Why do Mumbaikars make fun of Thane?
What is the one joke that made you laugh, at a time that you were sad?
What is something funny I can say to someone when he or she says that my toes are throwing up gang signs?
Would you laugh at me for wearing cartoon undies?
What are the best things to write on the back of a school t-shirt?
Did you date just to humour yourself?
What is the difference between being sarcastic and being funny?
How "witty" do you consider yourself to be? Are you clever?
How did you develop the courage and ability to do stand up comedy?
What is the best and innovative thing that you have came across in a newspaper?
What are some sarcastic replies with large vocabularies?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
What is the funniest sentence in all of literature?
What are some funny questions to ask children?
Is there a term in your language for an "inside joke", and if so, what is it?
Why do the north Europeans have a different sense of humour than the Latins and English?
Did you laugh so loudly today?
Am I as funny as I think I am?
What is the funniest military NCO speech, or shit talk that you ever heard?
Which funny business made money?
What are your favorite 5 pranks on YouTube?
Why do people use "gay" as a cuss word?
Can anyone share a good joke on uniform, either school uniform or office, military?
What are some funny recent British sitcoms on Netflix?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What are some places where I can be heard (some things like TedTalk)?
What is the craziest viral video about China’s Mao revolution?
What are some of the funniest drunk photos?
What is a joke that two prison guards would joke about?
What are some sarcastic replies to sarcastic replies?
If your name is Patrick, how often do people make some joke about a hat trick?
Can you share a funny thing that happened in class?
What are the most useless funny tips ever?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Who is the most humorous person in India?
What can be done to stop people make jokes on a particular community?
What are some hidden funny things in mobile apps?
How should we give a witty reply and to counter witty replies from others?
Which female comedians don't only make sex jokes?
In what situation would an intrusion be regarded as funny?
What is the most hilarious painting?
Can a good sense of humor create a better working environment?
What is your favorite internet joke?
What are good places to find dark humor on the internet?
What is the oddest thing you have ever read or heard or seen?
What are some of the dumbest invention ever?
Have you ever tried to be humorous in extremely dreadful situations? What were the consequences?
How can I make an audience laugh when hosting?
What are some funny lip sync ideas?
Which are the wittiest writers you know?
What is the funniest cooking mistake you have made?
Is it crazy to believe that dogs can smile?
What are some of the best sarcastically motivating one liners?
What is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed or done?
9gag became so racist & sexist. What other social media sites might I like if I want to enjoy memes & silly internet caption-type jokes?
How can I ensure that I get on with my flatmates?
What are the best memes in tamil you have come across?
What are some of the funniest means of transportation seen in a drive-thru?
What are some great pranks to play on teachers?
What's your funniest Verbal Judo Story?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
What do you do after an awkward handshake or a bad joke?
I recently came across bujeoks. Do they really work?
What's the most depressing sentence you've ever heard?
What should I do if she made jokes after I expressed myself?
What are some funny conversations you have with your ex?
Why can't you prank people past noon on April Fool's Day?
What funny things have happened to you because you didn't wear your spectacles?
What's funnier, jokes about someone's mom's weight, or jokes about someone's mom's sexual appetite?
What is a one-word joke?
What is a good short chemistry joke?
What is the last thing that made you laugh so hard you cried?
Did you experience any funny moment with kids or babies?
Where can I find a good stand-up comedy on YouTube?
What are some of the best funny, troll, gag, and memes pages on Instagram?
What are some of the funny and not so funny adventures you've had with your grandparents or grandchildren?
How do the 'Bob's Burgers' writers come up with so many puns?
Do​ crocodiles laugh?
Why are some people not scared at all even if society makes fun of them?
What's the most insane/funniest thing you've ever done to the school computers/network?
How do people get hilarious and funny ideas to make 'memes'?
Should people aiming for an IIT have no fun? My dad thinks that I should sit for the next two years and only study and have no fun. Is it true?
How come people bash Trump for making fun of a disabled man, but say nothing about 50 Cent on video making fun of an autistic kid?
Does everyone with the last name Butts get made fun of in school?
What is the best Chandler Bing one-liner that I could use every day?
What is the funniest incident that you experienced in Pace, Nerul?
What is the role of humor in literature?
Is Quora a laughing stock as it's been reputed to be?
What can I do if my driving instructor is not treating me properly?
What are some funny topics to write about?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen your kid do?
What are the funniest things you have seen people do in a seminar?
How can I learn to write humor?
Have you ever physically howled with laughter from something on Quora?
How are stand up comedy acts done?
What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say that was meant to be serious?
Are there standup comedy in Iran?
What is the most ridiculous conspiracy you've heard?
What are some of the best jokes that come from India?
What are some funny team names?
Do you have any memorable Sergeant Major jokes to share?
Which is the most funniest joke in Hindi?
Can I start stand up comedy at the age of 15 by participating in open mics?
Have you ever laughed your way through an orgasm?
What made you smile today?
Who is the most humble famous athlete you have ever come across?
What are the funniest movies to watch with friends?
What are the funniest last words?
Why do people think it's cute/funny when their child throws a fit?
What are some funny and terrible things Indians do on Quora to gain followers?
What are some creative office pranks?
Why is insult banned in Germany, when the great stories of Faust and Munchausen are based directly on insulting burlesques?
Why do people make fun of others for physical appearances they have no control of?
What are some of the best and hilarious jokes on Bihari people?
What was the funniest moment of the day?
How do you talk your dog into homosexuality and communism?
Why are so many Chinese people making fun of Indian democracy?
I don't look good when I laugh. What should I do?
What are some jokes to entertain other people?
Do people make fun of your name?
How do I get over Asian jokes?
"Maths: The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.” What does this line mean?
How do people who dislike toilet humor, feel when they have to use the toilet, especially defecating?
How do comedians react when people ask them to say something funny?
What are some best funniest 'memes' which make you laugh whenever you see?
What's the best and most savage prank I can pull on my high school?
Why is Indian YouTube comedy/standups is so much dependent on vulgar words?
What is a piece of history that often goes overlooked despite being very interesting or funny?
Who is the funniest person ever?
How does a sense of humor help a person have courage?
Why can some people easily smile although the story is not funny? For me, it's too hard.
How can I practice being relaxed, funny and not so serious?
Do you also laugh at nearly every question you read on here?
What's your favorite joke involving not giving a fuck?
What are some of the best jokes you have heard?
What is the most ridiculous thing you've ever did to one of your teachers or students?
Can you share one of your life experiences that can make us laugh?
Have you ever gotten in trouble with the police for a prank or joke?
What is a good joke in Spanish about women's intelligence?
Did the chicken cross the road?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
What is the most hilarious bet you have ever won?
Indravadan or Chandler? Who is the master of sarcasm?
Is Batman the wrong person to ask about humor?
What are some of the best “Relatives’ Results Day” memes?
What are the most humorous examples of slang from back then?
What is a great April fools prank to play on my parents?
Which book made you laugh out loud recently?
Why do Indian people make fun of Sardars (Sikhs)?
Is this real or for fun?
What would be a funny question in a TV show?
What are some funny-looking zoo animals? The funnier the better.
How does comedy differ from satire?
What is something funny about you?
What are the best jokes? (It can be about anything)
What are the funniest Obama-Biden memes prevaling on the Internet?
What is the best prank ever done by someone?
What funny remark would you say to someone who asked "why are you always laughing"?
How can I be funnier?
Why do people cross the road when they see me?
What is your elevator story?
How does it feel to be the butt of everyone's jokes?
What is the silliest/ funniest dream/ nightmare you have ever had?
Do American Muslims have a sense of humor about themselves like Jews, Blacks, gays, and many other marginalized American cultures do?
How do I give my first stand-up comedy audition?
What is a light-hearted/witty way to respond to a woman’s rejection of your proposal?
How do I develop good sense of humour?
What are some of the most hilarious atheist arguments?
Has there ever been a person in premodern history that has written a negative review of their own book?
What does it say about liberals that if someone in the GOP made homophobic jokes like Colbert does, those jokes would suddenly be offensive?
What are really funny books, plays, or movies that have a male and female for leads (that aren't romantic)?
What was the most ambitious prank ever executed in history?
Why do people pity for a person who meets with an accident but laugh out loud if they slip off?
What's the funniest Pilish poem you've ever read?
What are some clever and dark yet funny jokes?
Can I get admission into an IIT by answering a lot of IIT related questions on Quora?
What are some weird things that happen at sleepovers?
How do I become a funny, interesting, and talkative person in front of my friends?
Imagine you were the Airbender. Which element would you use to defeat your enemies?
How can I be more sociable (with more jokes)?
What is the most colorful epithet that you have ever heard on a royal/someone else of high stature?
If you took your company's mission statement or job description, and replaced the company name with Borg, what would it look like?
Why do Indians make jokes about engineers?
Why does Nike want everybody to exclusively practice information technology?
Does Habib Fanny think that people joke about his name?
Is it better to tell jokes with straight face?
Are the people who claim what they said and what they joke about confident in themselves?
How does sense of humour differs from country to country? Could you describe the difference?
Why are milkshakes called milkshakes if they aren't shaken?
What dark humour is in 'The Woman in Black' Movie?
Do Chinese people ever make fun of Vietnamese language?
What are some good Google Plus Communities or Collections for adult jokes?
Why don't Quorans appreciate sarcasm?
What's the shortest, simplest comment that made you laugh hard?
What is the funniest lie someone has ever told you?
When you were a kid, what was your most hilarious conviction?
How do I know when I am really being funny?
What are the most offensive words that you have ever heard?
What is the funniest/weirdest way you’ve gotten somebody's phone number?
In Friends S07E07, what did Phoebe mean when she said “No, just a regular old flying dwarf”?
What are some great and funny books, like "What If?" and "Surely You Must Be Joking Mr. Feynman"?
Why is it that sometimes we can’t stop laughing?
What's your weirdest funny dream?
Can you share the funniest moment in cricket?
What are some serious witty one liners?
Are Christmas cracker jokes the highest form of humor?
Why is it when I don't try to be funny I am funny?
What are the differences among satire, sarcasm, irony and dark comedy?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
What are the most brilliant con artists or heists that you have ever heard of?
What are the funniest or most bizarre superstitions​ you've ever heard?
Does the old lady in the “Ye bik gayi hai Gormint” video knows about the meme?
How can I be funny at any situations?
What is your most embarrasing or funny moment in a Holi festival?
Where can I find random funny videos monetizable within fair use?
Why is doing something unusual and extraordinary a joke in India?
What are some funny/ creative senior quotes to put on a jacket?
What is the funniest thing happened during your date with someone?
How does RCVJ collect photos (not related to movie or any TV program) on Facebook in order to make jokes about them?
What made you laugh hard on Late Night with David Letterman?
Why do people have to announce that something is funny instead of just laughing?
When and how did stand up comedy get mainstream attention in India?
What are some of the most hilarious corruption of someone's name?
Is humour a sign of intelligence?
Why do we get the giggles about something that is not really that funny, but is actually kind of stupid?
What stupid dares did you have to do when you were a kid?
What are some fun facts about India?
Comparatively speaking, is something that is absolutely hilarious considered more or less funny than something which is bare jokes?
Do you ever make fun of someone's answering machine message?
If your current hairstyle was going to be permanent for the rest of your life, would you be happy or not? Why?
Do I need to get vaccinated against rabies if I get a nail scratch from a person receiving antirabies vaccination?
Can anyone share the most funny incident related to their periods?
Which is most important if you want to be a perfect girlfriend - being beautiful or being funny, or something else?
What are some of the best one liners from TV series?
What are some funny instances in which words were misheard?
What is the greatest/funniest story you've heard or told?
What are some wittiest jokes you've come across in Facebook?
We just passed Tomb-Sweeping Day. Do you have something funny?
Who are your favourite comedians in the world?
Is math funny?
Which is the most shocking/hilarious gossip or a rumor you have heard of a celebrity?
What is the funniest credential you've seen on Quora?
Why my whole shoulder shake when I laugh?
Why do some people have an "aversion" to puns?
What was the craziest prank call you've ever done/received?
Which is your funniest and memorable incident on a train?
What's funny, even though you don't want to do it or try to avoid it?
What is your funniest school story?
Which memes are the best/your favorite?
What are some humorous poems for elocution?
What is your funniest/best Photoshop job?
What's your most humorous childhood memory?
If you could make people hear noises that weren't really there, what pranks would you pull for your own amusement?
Why do people often love to make fun of a person? Is it ethically correct?
What is your favorite (funniest, most satisfying) April Fools' joke?
What is trading floor humor?
Can you tell me any funny/good/memorable Minor League Baseball stories?
What are the best one liner about rainy weather?
You are given a million dollars through Alien Space Bats but because of that you become a small child. What do you do and how does your family react?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
What was the last thing you didn't remember?
Do you think the prank calls made by RJ Naved on his show 'Mirchi Murga' are all fake?
What's the funniest thing you have ever done with your friends?
What is the funniest insult you've heard in college?
Do you think that English is a funny language?
What are some funny facts about Neptune?
What is the best joke about pilots you have ever heard?
What is dark humour? Could you explain with an examples?
What are your 'best' science jokes?
What's your funniest gaming storytelling?
What is your favourite meme with a deeper meaning?
What is the funniest answer a child has put on a school assignment or test?
What is the rationale behind not encouraging joke answers on Quora?
Why do white people have a better sense of humor, compared to other races?
What are some funny facts about world?
What is the best song to prank my boyfriend with?
What is your favorite period drama that's also funny (such as Amadeus)?
What are some tips for your first standup comedy routine?
Is it weird that I find atheists funny?
What's wrong with teenager's humor?
Do you like dickbutts?
Which is your childhood funny favorite Hindi poem?
What was the most funny thing you did when you were a toddler?
What are the best replies to "what's up?" when you are sitting idle?
Is China a joke from Indian viewpoints?
What was the most exciting food that you came across in Kerala, India?
How can one be immune to people making fun of them?
What's a mandingan and what makes it funny?
What is your wittiest reply to H. Green's question: What is the most pretentiously serious thing one could possibly do?
What is the funniest thing you said with no regret?
Have you ever laughed uncontrollably in a class?
Which chemical make a man laugh automatically?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you at work?
What are some good Star Wars based jokes?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling Pakisthan/India?
Can a person hide their controlling tendencies through making it a joke or state that they are looking out for you?
What is the most silliest competition you have come across?
Funny guys seem to get loads of girls and get laid easily. How can I learn to be funny like them?
What was the funniest incident that you ever experienced at work involving the British Royal Family?
Phyllis Diller donated her joke library to the Smithsonian Institute. Does that make her jokes part of the public domain?
What is the wittiest/funniest comeback you have ever come up with?
How do sitcom writers come up with so many jokes?
What are the most funny jokes in your country?
What was the most ignorant, stupid, ridiculous thing your teacher has ever said?
What are some of the funniest things to happen during a "cam" bootleg taping?
What are the best (funny, touching, etc.) incidents in the Delhi Metro?
Why it is so funny to call someone "chutia" (Hindi word)?
What is the funniest traffic stop a cop has ever conducted?
What is the meaning of the meme “first I bang the drum, then I bang your mum”?
Is "Dark Humour" everyone's cup of tea?
How can I grow my sense of humour?
Who are the funniest YouTubers you've come across?
Which are the most witty line to describe a girl?
What are some funny ways to mess with people?
Why can’t I have fun?
Can you explain the whole "sleep on the couch" joke?
What is the best joke you have ever had?
What's your funniest story of someone sleeping in class?
How can I increase my sense of humour, if I'm not much good at cracking jokes or laughing at another's joke?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
How do I laugh in tension?
Are prank calls or prank videos ethical?
Do you think this is funny?
How does one express sarcasm in the written form?
What are the funniest/ weirdest conversations you've had with your students?
What are the best formal and funny insults?
What is this video called that compiles famous characters from blockbusters and TV series into a funny/parody animation short video?
What's your most outrageous story about April Fool’s day?
What is the dumbest thing you ever asked?
Is this quote (written in the details section) funny?
What does "Spanking the monkey" mean and why do people seem to think it is a funny thing?
What is a long joke about a bee and a lion?
What are some examples of funny hockey chirps?
Which is the most amusing part in my life?
What would be a joke that would only be funny in another language?
Is President Obama or President Trump more difficult for satirists?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
What is the stupidest thing you have heard?
Why are joke answers to joke questions not allowed?
What causes us to laugh in sync without any forethought?
What is the funniest or more embarrassing experience you ever had when showing a listing for rent of for sale?
What is a mock laugh?
What is the best prank you have played in school or in front of a teacher?
What's an example of a time when a sick burn backfired?
Do you ever come across a situation and think this has happened to me earlier also?
How can I keep an inside joke alive with my friend?
How funny would it be if Google and YouTube were developed in India?
What are the best legal senior pranks?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling in West Bengal (India)?
There are times when I don't have any topics to talk about with my friends, and they get bored. What can I talk to them about that will make them laugh?
What can the Encryption Theory of Humor tell us about women’s history and “missing” keys in late night television?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
What did you do when you woke up from anesthesia?
What are some funny farewell titles?
Are the Impractical Jokers funny live?
Where can I get biker keytags with witty sayings in Bangalore?
Is Sasikala the biggest comedy of the year?
What was the most ridiculous thing that saved you in a dangerous situation?
How do you know if a meme is outdated?
What's your funniest Odyssey of the Mind story?
Would you make me laugh?
What funny thing can I put after the line “I feel like”?
What's the best way to memorize a joke?
What is the funniest question to ask a lady?
What would happen if everything was shaped like corn on a cob?
Do you have a funny, horrific, or any kind of life incident?
How should one create good memes?
Do you enjoy jokes by Sambit Patra during debates?
What are some funny translations of Bart's prank calls in dubbed versions of the Simpsons?
I'm doing a YouTube comedic series on the bizarre, funny, and more on Quora. Do you have any suggestions on what topics I should cover?
How do you tell if a girl genuinely laughs at your jokes?
What is the best humoured book for depression?
What are some of the most useful encyclopedia you ever came across?
What are some funny mathematics jokes?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen, heard of or is online?
What is the funniest southern joke?
Can you share some funny NDA lingoes?
What are some best witty palindromes?
What makes Ron Swanson funny?
Why is flat-out racism against white people a popular topic in stand-up comedy? What's funny about it?
What is your favourite celebrity nickname?
Is Stand-Up Comedy a good place for taking a date?
Are the countdowns for NASA launches ever funny, or are they always dry and unimaginative?
Why didn’t the Columbine shooters kill more people?
What are some very funny tweets?
How do I give a stand up comedy open mic performance in Bangalore?
How can I resist the temptation of biting the toffee in my mouth?
What is a funny experience you had at the Doctor's office?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
How do I not come across as needy?
What are your most horrible and funniest stories with Google Maps?
What is the strangest place name you have ever heard?
I saw a weird WiFi connection that contains the words "FBI" and "Surveillance". Is this a prank?
While travelling, what has been your weirdest or funniest experience?
What do you think about Tollywood memes?
If there was a pill that caused someone to have a very uncomfortable bowel movement, to whom would you slip this pill?
What's a really funny joke that you made during a roast?
Are men just made to tell women jokes and give them sperm?
What is the best code troll you've ever seen?
What are the most unique names you have ever heard aside from mine?
Why do foreigners make jokes about the Indian marriage process?
What are the funniest Black jokes that you have come across?
Are there any good bee puns out there?
What is your best celebrity joke?
Do you ever laugh at your own answers?
Is Megapologetics a joke?
What is the weirdest thing you heard someone say to themselves, without being aware that someone can hear?
What are the top 10 funniest questions on Quora?
Which are the funny fishponds you have ever heard?
How can a joke-lover download jokes for free?
What are some of the funniest Snapchat reviews you've seen because of its CEO’s “poor India” comment?
What is so funny about Bailey's changed batting style?
Can you tell a humorous talk between a couple?
Why is Oggy funnier in Hindi?
What are some inspirational or funny quotes that I can use as a status in my WhatsApp?
How can I create hard and funny riddles?
What sex joke that you've made are you least proud of?
Choosing among elf, imp, or leprechaun which is the most likely to whack a person with a stick in a joking and harmless way?
What are some really good humor or joke books?
Why do we find things funny?
Is Hanie funny?
What is sarcasm? Give me an example.
What if a guy that used to be funny and talkative around you turns quiet around you?
Is it annoying to laugh alot?
From where and how should I start if I want to do stand-up comedy (in Pune)?
What are some of the funniest fake machine learning and deep learning projects?
How can you laugh with someone who is trying to humiliate you?
What is your funniest jet lag story?
Why do you have a funny name?
Is Australian humour more like British humour, or more like American humor?
What is it like to be the EWO/WSO/RIO guy in the back of a fighter jet?
What is the most funny incident you came across?
What is the meaning of the joke "anyway here's wonderwall"?
Can you give me an example of British humour?
Isn’t it funny how love and laugh are so very similar sounding? Is there a relation?
Why is Gibbs' name funny on NCIS?
Do you have any programming jokes?
How can I make my farewell speech funny?
What is the best punchline you ever came up with?
What is the funniest Seinfeld scene?
What are some funny 2 minute skits for middles schoolers?
What would be witty puns with the word dough?
What are the funniest names of a business?
What are some of the funniest mistakes​ you have seen on Quora?
What is the funniest prank you've ever done or heard of?
As a social worker what is the funniest story you have heard?
What's the best prank call you've ever been the victim of?
Has someone ever mistaken you for someone else?
Do women always look for funny men?
What is your favorite meme picture?
What was the original meme?
What's the most fun thing about being a voice-over artist?
What is the best joke you have ever heard and why?
What are things you cared about when you were a teenager but now you think they are funny?
What are the best Model UN superlatives you have ever heard of in committee?
What are those funny consequences of a cashless society? Any idea?
Is Leo valdez funny?
What's the strangest or funniest story that's ever happened to you?
What makes dark comedy good/funny?
Is standup comedy a lucrative market?
How do I write a funny play?
What are some funny prank ideas for my sister?
What are your favourite memes and videos?
What is a funny cat joke that is SO funny it prevents depression in cats, dogs, humans and chickens?
What do colleges mean when they say they do not want cliches or an "inappropriate" sense of humor on the application?
What’s your favorite joke that others don’t find funny?
What is the funniest thing as a kid has?
What has been the most funniest incident that happened to you as a couple while trying to spice your relationship with your significant other?
I've a pretty okay sense of humor, talking sense and I love technology, I want to make a YouTube channel, so can anyone help me with the process?
If we do ever land on Mars, what do you think should be the funniest first words said?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What are the most annoying advertisements of 2017?
Why do people think Samantha Bee is funny?
What's your best computer joke cartoons?
What is the most destructive sentence that you ever heard or read?
Is it correct to say "People will need to understand and join in on British humour"?
What is a funny episode happened with you?
What are the best, funny, history stories you know?
What is the most interesting idea you have ever heard?
Which is the funniest intelligent humor?
What country or region of your country do people joke about, which has people whom they consider to be hillbillies/unwashed dumb people?
What is a good joke in Quechua about women?
Why is it so important that your girl laughs at your jokes?
Do you always have to make women laugh?
When did you laugh out last time?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
What is your story of stealing something?
What's the funniest thing you did for sex?
What are some of the best comebacks you ever heard?
How do I don't laugh?
What does it mean if someone from the opposite sex is teasing with you jokes constantly but deems you condescending when you joke back?
What should I do if no one laughs at my puns?
What are some of the funniest gangster names?
Have any textbook(s) lines made you laugh/smile?
Why is the joke "F Major" so funny in the movie Sense and Sensibility?
What is the "Irish boomerang that never returns" joke about?
How can I be more funny?
What was the most amusing conversation that you have ever heard?
Have you ever come across someone who looks similar to you?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen while driving?
What is the silliest complaint/argument you've ever heard from a child?
What do the police do when they find out they were called out by a "swatting" prank pulled on gamers?
What made you laugh, which really shouldn't have?
Who is the best motivating person you have ever come across in quora?
What is the most intellegent liner?
What are the funniest jokes about goal setting?
What is an anecdote or funny story of you or people around you that was caused by a misunderstanding of body language in Greece?
Which state is the butt of all jokes in each country?
Can you make a modern meme based off Quora, and post it below?
Which standup comedy show on Netflix is easy to understand and relate to?
Why are Americans so hilarious?
What is the stupidest thing ever done by historical figure?
Do you ever feel bad about having a dark sense of humor which might offend some people?
Do you think it's harmful to use sarcastic humor with young children? At what age will they understand you're only joking?
Why do we make fun of celebrities?
What are some hilarious and smart replies you have given to hate mails?
How do I deal with witty people?
How do I not laugh at school while studying?
What are the most beautiful one liners you ever came across?
Could somebody tell me a joke which is actually funny, easy to remember and can be used in any given social context?
How can I know that my jokes are really funny?
Why do you use sarcasm?
What are some of your funny experiences with your best friend?
How can I be funny to women?
What are some funny duets?
How can you develop sense of humor? (I am an introvert but I want to laugh and make people laugh.)
What is the worst possible joke you can come up with off the top of your head?
What is the biggest joke site in India?
What are your (re) sources of quality entertainment (humour, comedy, music and theatre)?
What is the best anecdote you have ever heard or read?
What word would become the funniest or most ridiculous if you removed, added, or changed 1 letter?
How do I gain sense of humour?
Which one-liners shook your heart to the core?
What should I use as my fun fact when people ask?
Do most people like people who make fun of themselves as humor?
What is a funny incident in your life that happened when no one was around?
Does insecurity affect your humor?
Why shouldn't we look down while crossing the road?
How come Indians are so innovative in creating memes everyday?
What are the funniest passwords you have ever seen or had?
If two people on opposite sides of the world each dropped a slice of bread, would the earth become a sandwich?
Is this a nice poster for my campus computer service business?
What is the best joke to tell a dentist?
How can I create good humorous interpretation pieces?
What is the best prank device that helped create most of your pranks?
What are your Chandigarh-related funny experiences?
What are some of the best sarcastic remarks you made when you were made fun of?
How much money do you need to give The Avengers to fight the Kardashians?
Is sarcasm overrated?
What is a clean joke in the form of a story?
How does humor or what is interpreted as "funny" differ culturally around the world?
What is the latest success story?
Why do most of my friends copy the way I speak or laugh?
How can I come up with ideas for hilarious lame jokes?
How many dick jokes have you memorized?
What’s the most offensive joke ever?
Why do Mexicans love make fun of other people?
What's your funniest incident that occur in your relationship?
How did you make a never-funny person suddenly lough out loud?
Have you ever heard people’s conversations when no one was around?
What is the most funny but inspirational short story you have read/heard?
What are some funny conversations you have with your toddler?
What is the craziest/funniest things you have done with/with the help of your siblings?
What are some of the funniest language mishaps that you've encountered?
How do you know if you are coming across as flakey?
What joke did he tell in Deadpool at the bar?
Can you, in English, explain a hilarious wordplay which only works in your native language and still make us laugh?
Why do kids, or people in general, laugh when they look at bald people?
Have you ever been in a situation where you lacked sense of humor?
What are the funniest jokes?
What made you laugh the hardest in your entire life?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Why would someone laugh and make jokes during serious moments?
What is the funniest prank you have ever played on someone, whether it be on a friend, family or stranger?
What is the best prank you have ever done?
What are the weirdest religions you have ever heard of?
Have you ever accidentally kissed a stranger like in the movies?
What are some best YouTube video jokes you ever saw?
What are the best April Fools office pranks that you have pulled, or witnessed, at work?
What are the best sites about curiosities, scientific facts, strange/weird things and funny things on the internet?
What are some hilarious clothing tags?
What are some examples of funny malapropisms?
What licences are required to organize a small stand up comedy show in India?
Are there any stand up comedians who don't crack vulgar jokes?
What are some funny surnames that you came across?
Would anybody tell me a short funny story not more than 200 words?
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened in a Model United Nations you have been to?
Is http://thejokecafe.com the best joke site ever ?
What are the funniest road sign in your country?
People whom I don't find funny think my humor is hilarious, while people who always make me laugh barely even chuckle at my jokes. What's my problem?
What was the funniest reaction to a message from the enemy by a general?
What are the funniest things that happened to you in combat?
Do you believe Kevin McCarthy was joking about Putin paying Trump in comments he made last June? If so, did you find them funny?
What if we use funny voices in our YouTube videos?
What were some of the funny moments during your viva?
What is the funniest thing you have seen during an exam?
Is "post truth" just a meaningless liberal meme?
How can I stop laughing at perverted things?
What is the funniest food name you have heard?
What was the funniest thing you ever saw at Wal-Mart?
Would it be useful if you could watch tomorrow's broadcast of all channels on TV if you lock yourself in a room today and tomorrow also?
What is the most ridiculous thing a politician has ever said?
Do teachers hold their laughter when a student makes a funny joke or farts?
What's an interesting fact you came across accidentally recently?
What's the funniest thing that nurses have ever heard doctors say during surgery?
What makes you laugh or amuses you the most?
Can you answer these idiot test questions? Suggest me some better questions to ask in next Idiot Test.
What are some funny parody videos of the form [America First,] "Country X Second"?
What has somebody said that made you laugh out loud, and why?
What are some funny one minute monologues?
What's the best prank you have ever pulled or seen?
What is the most clever thing the Joker has done in your opinion?
Can you tell me some funny facts about Boston?
What are some Indonesian jokes?
What memes are the most popular this year?
What are your funniest/most interesting stories of falling asleep on a train/bus?
What are the funniest pick up lines or one liners?
What is the most badass thing about laughing so hard that you crap your pants?
What's the best high suspense anti-climactic jokes with no punchline?
What are some lyric pranks I can use on my crush?
Which TV shows are similar to The Office (US) that have humorous comedy?
Which are the funniest x photos you have ever seen?
What are the aspects of survival of humor?
Which are the best photos to make memes?
Why is ‘self-made’ considered the dumbest answer in the universe?
What do gay people think about "HAH! GAYYY!"?
What was the most ridiculous thing that happened to you while you were playing a game?
What is the funniest thing that keeps you laughing?
What is the most savage roast you have ever said or encountered?
If you are Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee, how will you make Donald Trump confess “You're goddamn right I do have links with Russia!”?
What is the best mother-child conversation you have ever heard?
Teachers, have you ever laughed at a student?
What's the most useless thing you still have memorized?
Who is best in sarcasm in India?
What's the funniest line ever in a movie?
What are some easy harmless pranks to play at night?
Why do people that I don't know just laugh at me or laugh in my face for no reason? Why would someone just randomly laugh at someone they don't know?
What is the video where loads of sheep walk through a town with random goats in between them, and then a donkey comes?
How does your child make you laugh?
What are some examples of funny/jovial End User documentation?
What are some historical facts about choler?
What is the most ironic statement or incident which you have heard or witnessed?
What was the funniest answer ever given to a serious question?
Has anyone ever seen President Trump laugh? I've seen an occasional smile but never an honest hearty laugh.
What's the funniest way you saw someone get robbed on the street?
What's the funniest conversation you've had with a telemarketer?
Do you know a really funny joke or whimsical anecdote?
Who are some of the wittiest, humoristic, satirical, and sarcastic writers on YourQuote?
What is the best one liner motivational status for Facebook?
What does the continent of Internet look like?
What if the MCU was grim and dark while the DCEU was lighthearted and humorous?
What are the funniest moments in an Indian cricket dressing room?
What are some funny questions to ask Siri?
What was the best (funniest, weirdest, biggest, etc.) software bug of the past year?
Why are inappropriate jokes so common in the western media?
What is something funny to do in a talent show?
If you laughed at a joke about someone told by a friend, how did your feelings change about that person?
Where can I find the Sarcastic Voice Datasets for Sarcasm Detection in Speech?
How can I get a great sense of humor line Mr. Bean?
What is the best joke you've heard of with an unexpected ending/plot twist?
What is the most funny or weird scene you have encountered while travelling China?
What are the best finance jokes?
How do people in nudist colonies keep a straight face when they are talking to each other, especially members of the opposite sex?
What is the most sarcastic answer that can be given when a teacher asks, "what took you so long in the toilet"?
What are some short movies clips that can be dubbed in a funny way?
What are examples of humorous trivia questions?
Funniest moment where you accidentally touched someone's crotch or chest?
What are some sarcastic sign boards?
Can someone give me some really obvious jokes? Like all bald men have no hair on there head.
Is it normal to think about/recall a joke and laugh?
What is the funniest thing that has happened in your entire life?
What is the weirdest reason you have gotten in trouble at school?
What are the ways to get English jokes in WhatsApp?
How do I make women laugh?
Why do we find use of puns humorous?
What is the stupidest thing that your teacher has taught you?
What prank to pull in a friend's bathroom?
What are the most dank memes you saw online?
What's the funniest joke you've heard this year?
What are the funniest reimbursement claims you have ever rejected?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to your family?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
Am I too old to start stand-up comedy? I'm 37 years old, should I bother?
Do you think Crazy Sumit should be punished for 'Kissing Prank' and then it should be called as Prank too?
What are some of the best puns you know?
How do you ask an amazing question on Quora that at least 1000 people will want to answer immediately?
What is the "designated" meme about Indians?
What are some of the funniest gun fails?
What is the translation of this French text? Is it funny for French speakers?
Are more people today unable to laugh at themselves?
Have you ever laughed so hard that you peed your pants? If so, what was so funny?
Why is sarcasm seen in such a negative way?
Is India loosing its humour?
What are the most funny and idiotic crimes and criminals you've heard about?
Do you have any interesting spoiler evasion incident?
What are the characteristics of a wicked sense of humor?
What happens if you make prank order on urban clap?
Does Quora tag answers as humorous?
Which are the best YouTube channels to improve sense of humour?
I think my boyfriend is playing a prank on me. How should I respond?
What kind of jokes do you get due to your name?
What is the funniest thing you have posted on Tumblr?
Why does society require you to do ridiculous things?
What are some amazing and funny tongue twisters?
What happened to the weird outcast at your school who everyone made fun of?
Will memes save a dying world?
What are some epic dank memes?
Is there a story behind 'Why did the chicken cross the road?' I don't understand what it is? Is it a joke or something?
What are the most funniest placarsds you have ever seen during a cricket match?
What is the funniest story you have ever heard? (Can be real or fictional)
What is the silliest rumour you've ever heard?
What's the differerence between insanity and a bad sense of humor?
When may satire, sarcasm and irony be appropriate even considering it might hurt some peoples feelings?
What is the funniest prank in the military you have seen?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Canada?
What is the most ridiculous thing a person has done to get more likes on Instagram?
What is your most ridiculous accomplishment?
What is your young age secret which you now laugh at?
What is the funniest thing a kid has put on their test/homework?
What is the most funniest blog you have ever heard?
What are some grammar jokes?
What are some funny ways to ask someone out?
What is the origin of the 'REEEEEEEEEEEEE' meme?
What is funny thing that developer hear from designer?
What is the funniest, side splitting, hilarious joke you have ever heard?
What is the most weird or funny comment you have ever encountered in source code?
How do I swap/replace a face with another face in a video to make funny memes/videos?
Do microorganisms have a sense of humor?
What are some new funny jokes?
What is the funniest way anyone has ever dealt with a stalker, troll, or scammer?
How is humor illogical?
What is the funniest thing to say when someone asks "why didn't you go to college"?
Were there any great April Fools’ Day pranks from European companies? The pranks that were in the media were mostly from the typical big companies (KFC, Emirates, etc.).
Did you fart and glue it to your seat?
What is the most funny line you had ever used?
Which person gets more benefit in an interview, a sarcastic person or a person with a great sense of humor? They should have knowledge, but other than that, who benefits more?
How does Indian humour differ from UK or US humour?
If you had a free pass to commit any misdemeanor you wanted to, how would you prank your neighbors?
Do I need any special permission to shoot prank videos in public?
Do professional comedians stutter or sometimes forget their jokes?
What is the funniest thing you have ever read on Quora? It could be a question, an answer or comment.
What’s one of the funniest things that have happened to you?
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What is a lyric prank?
Do you think Krishna, the so called comedian nephew of Govinda, is even funny?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Korea?
What are some funny stories I can tell my friend who is feeling overwhelmed with life?
What is your opinion of the Pepe meme being labeled as hatred? What about the Harambe meme?
What is your favorite Darwin Award and why?
What is the best roast you've ever heard or said?
What is the stupidest thing you or your friends have ever done?
Can you describe the funniest or the stupidest thing you have done, in a single line?
How does a woman feel if a man blushes or smiles or becomes a bit nervous all the time whenever they come into contact? It just happens involuntarily.
What is that one word which could leave on splits as soon as you heard it? What is the story behind it?
What are some of the best jokes that come from Polynesia?
What are your funny stories of being a third wheel, or being with one?
What software do Instagram pages use to make memes/humour posts?
Is there a word for something that is funny because of the way you say something instead of what you said?
Is it normal to laugh alone?
What was Isaac Newton's favourite joke?
What are some good comebacks for tall jokes?
What are the ugly/hilarious moments you've had or seen in your workplace?
What is humour according to you?
How true is AIB's meme of Quora (apart from being funny)?
What are some innocent/witty answers given by children?
When you're replacing "funny", do you say comical or comedic?
What are some of the funniest Windows error messages you have ever seen?
Who is the original author of joke "Better Nate than Lever"?
What is your favorite your mom joke?
How do I be more funny around my friends?
What are some funny old wives stories or conceptions local to your folklore?
What are some funny cold war related pick up lines?
What's the weirdest thing you do?
What is the funniest situation you have ever been in/noticed?
How low should my I.Q. be to laugh at Kapil Sharma’s jokes?
Why do some people consider inappropriate humour offensive?
Which crossed the road first, the chicken or the egg?
What are the best jokes you have ever come across?
What's a joke you didn't understand the first time you heard/read it?
What is the weirdest surname you have heard?
What is the funniest story behind any invention?
What is surprising and harmless but not funny?
What is the funniest and most common incident in every child's life, whether with his/her family or at school?
Why is your sense of humor so offensive to some people?
What was Sirius's "joke"?
How do I achieve a sense of humor like Woody Allen’s?
What are the best one word jokes?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
What are some fun ways to go about or say typically serious things?
Who is the most clever in Quora?
What are some funny reasons for “Why are you single”?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
What are some funny things that occurred to you?
What are some witty taglines/slogan on IT-Security?
I have this habit of making different funny faces when I am alone. Is it normal?
How come what people find funny is cultural?
Why do people make fun of engineers?
What is the best pun lyric you've ever heard?
What's the most hilarious but correct answer to a serious question you've seen on Quora?
Motivating people or making people laugh - which of them has a greater impact on one's life?
What can be the very funny name of a coding team?
What is the secret to making a really good pun?
Let's be serious for a moment. Is humour laughable in a day and age like ours?
What or who made you laugh in school?
Where do you find funny things online? How do you search for and consume funny jokes, videos, and images?
What are the most ironic "last words" you have ever heard of?
Can Ayden Jozwik do that funny thing with his tongue/jump while doing a handstand? Also, does he know Burmese?
What are some of the best conversation one-liners?
Why do people find bike accidents funny?
If God exists, then he must lack some sense of humor, mustn’t he?
What are some humorous excuses when you are 40 minutes late in class?
What are some funny examples of "Play stupid games, win stupid prizes?"?
Which is your best April Fools’ Day prank?
Do you know any funny videos where thing after thing goes wrong?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done or said in front of your teacher?
What would be your code of ethics for pranks?
What are some extremely funny videos?
Who creates the jokes for funny websites?
How do I update myself to be more clever and witty?
What are some of the good code optimization you have came across?
What was the funniest or weirdest thought that came into your mind while taking the JEE Advanced exam?
Are there some things we should never make jokes about? What things, and why?
What are some good jokes about Washington DC?
What were the Middle Ages like for people who had Tim and Eric's sense of humor?
Why did people develop laughing and having a sense of humor during the evolution process? What are the benefits of having it?
Has comedy ever been implemented into code?
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door who do you let in first?
Why do girls giggle and laugh when they see my bare-chest?
What are some funny and insightful or illuminating quotes?
What are some of the funniest reviews you have read on the Internet?
What are some good and funny monologues?
What is your comedy?
What are some things that others find funny but you don't?
What's a good April Fool’s prank that my wife will enjoy?
What's the best joke you've ever heard that you didn't 'get' initially?
What are some classic jokes in Quora?
What are your funniest texting fails?
What are your best friend’s jokes?
Can I start a pranking video channel on YouTube as a creator or producer (but I will not take any part in funny acts in pranks)?
What are the best uses of replacerator you have seen?
What are some hilarious jokes in a question-answer format?
What were some April fools day jokes on Quora?
What is the interesting information you came across today?
What is a good prank for older brothers?
How much did Seinfeld influence Friends?
Why does sexual humour turn me off?
What's the rarest coin you have ever come across in circulation?
How can we best respond to commonly used phrases that use gender-specific words to convey a non-gender-specific personality attribute?
Was William Shakespeare the first person to use “your momma is so fat” joke insults about people's mothers?
How do you feel when the whole class laughs for your joke?
What are some really funny advertisement wars?
What are some absurd name of vegetables you've come across?
What are some ways to practice to become more quick and witty?
What is your absolute favorite meme?
What is the funniest thing you have seen while driving or riding?
What are the best comeback lines for online trolls who are proven wrong?
What if a reentry capsule overshot it's original coordinates for landing and managed to land on top of a skyscraper in a city?
How do I make fun of a teacher?
Can you think of any funny things to do in French class?
