When will China succumb to terrorism?
If all the countries in the world united to make one military force in order to take out the US, what's the likelihood the US would lose?
What's Pakistan’s current policy of an illegal militia?
What do people of Iran think about Pakistan?
Are the Chinese insensitive to the feelings of their neighboring countries towards China?
What would happen if the USA developed a protection system that was 100% effective against a nuclear attack? Would they attack Russia immediately?
Why is the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo important?
Why is Pakistan afraid of vacating Baluchistan on moral grounds?
Where can I find out more info on NATO's new headquarters?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
What reason did Britain have for invading India?
How come there is an ISIS magazine?
Does India have the capability to ignite more conflicts with Pakistan and sabotage the UNSC endorsed CPEC?
Which country has friendlier relations with Azerbaijan, Israel or Iran?
How does one become a member of the bar council? Are there any fees regarding it?
Where can I find the list of countries that hate India, and why?
Would Americans be able to defend their borders without their military for a year?
If the President of the United States got attacked by terrorists in another country, what are the implications for that country?
Trump today forcibly made it known to NATO nations that they need to pay their fair share for defense. What are your thoughts on this and their conference today?
How does NATO work?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
What do you think of Trump pushing the Prime Minister of Montenegro Dusko Markovic out of his way at the NATO summit?
Did Obama's urgency in getting a treaty with Iran cloud his judgment in dealing with the other Arab countries?
What were North Korea's contributions to the Svalbard seed vault?
Can India and Pakistan together work out a treaty which allows dissatisfied people of both countries to migrate to the other?
What does Rahul Shrivastava think about India’s relationship with Nepal? Why have things become worse, even though we helped them a lot during the earthquake?
What is the best university in Netherland to study International relations?
What does the average human voice sound like?
How can I find franchise partners in European union countries?
Does Turkey really have good relations with India?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
When Philippine President Duterte started siding with Russia, terrorism followed in the Philippines, do you think the US is behind this?
Why did the government of India forcefully annex Nizam of Hyderabad's assets in 1990?
What made Russians and Chechens hate each other? Did it have to do with both having a history of favoring violent confrontation over negotiation?
Why did Britain withdraw from Palestine?
Did China blow off the Sukhoi-30 near the Indian border?
Why is India claiming POK and opposing CPEC when people living in those territories are already Pakistani? Is India just trying to create trouble?
What is the condition of Russia today?
Can Trump solve the Middle East conflict?
Why is Pakistan selling its country to China?
How do I become part of Amnesty International or some big international organizations?
Why does a nuclear India fear China?
If Russia were to close all its borders, how rich in this isolation could they possibly get?
Recent media reports indicate that, after Syria, Mexico is the place for violent death. Should Americans be concerned?
If all non-US NATO countries spent 2% of GDP on defence, would the USA spend less?
What is the special relationship between Great Britain and America?
What would happen if India occupies Nepal?
If the West stayed out of the Middle East, would Saudi Arabia and Iran end up at war?
Does the African Union spend more on humanitarian aid or counterterrorism efforts in East Africa?
What do Serbs think about joining the European Union or the Eurozone (EU currency zone)?
How much will Russia be affected if it nukes it's far eastern side? Ps. This is just a hypothetical question
Are America, Saudi Arabia, and Israel allies of ISIS?
How should the US attack N. Korea? Why and why not?
Can and will Singapore in the future become an ally of China like the UK is to the USA?
Is China creating a misunderstanding between the Nepalese and Bihari people in Nepal to hamper Indo-Nepalese relations?
Approximately how much of the 110 billion dollar arms deal with Saudi Arabia will trickle down to working class Americans?
Are the protests and unrest now in Venezuela due to external influence?
What are your views on India now straining China through Russia to get into the NSG?
Is the United States prone to deadly terrorist attack?
Why is there an historical precedent for the Palestine government repeatedly turning down two-state solutions?
If WWIII occurs, where will it originate?
What happened in old Tibet before China invaded Tibet?
What were the diplomatic repercussions for the United States after it withdrew from the Kyoto protocol?
What would be done if a country decided to colonize Antarctica, disregarding the Antarctic Treaty?
What has happened to all the birds in the USA? I have recently undertaken a road trip across the USA and it's like something out of Apocalypse Now.
Why is the U.S. the only country in the world that cannot be sanctioned?
Why did America invade libya?
Which country does India fear the most and why?
Do countries sell weapons?
How can the United States prevent China from surpassing it economically and militarily?
As per the current scenario, are we going to see an Indo-Pakistan war in the near future?
Do you want to reunite the USSR again?
Why is Palestine not a country?
Why can't Chinese citizens just be happy with being a century-defining superpower, and let Taiwanese be happy as a small, stable independent island?
Why did India help Sri Lanka to end its civil war given that they helped Pakistan in 1971?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
Would Islamic terrorism in non-Islamic countries stop if Russia and NATO left the Middle East (including Israel)?
To what extent does Saudi Arabia support Pakistan or the Kashmiris on the Kashmir issue?
In the 1965 Indo-Pak War, India captured Pakistan territory almost to Lahore. Why did they give it back to Pakistan?
How has Iran used the returned money from the US so far?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Are Democrats deliberately pushing the US towards a war with Russia and China at the same time to make sure that the US loses and they can blame Trump for it?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
What would happen if democratic countries decide to trade only with each other?
How do sanctions impact foreign companies in the host country?
What is the difference between hypocrisy and diplomacy?
I would really like to donate money for humanitarian efforts in Syria. Which are the organizations that are genuinely helping civilians in Syria?
War and democracy have created a large number of refugees in ME countries. Why do Indians believe that FDI to India will make India a refugee country?
What roles did Saudi Arabia and Israel play ahead of the Iraq War?
What effect did the United States’ policy have on the Soviet Union’s war in Afghanistan, and why did Soviet troops finally withdraw from Afghanistan in 1989?
What is the actual conflict in Syria?
How I can find free national and international seminars/conferences related to social science?
Which of the following would be the best place to start a family: Brazil, Canada, an European Union country or the USA?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
How can India become the next China?
Why do all of these wars have no end, like the war in Korea and Syria?
Why does Russia never become developed like USA?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
Is global warming happening right now?
With foreign investors buying up U.S. infrastructure, isn't it a matter of time before Americans are at the mercy of foreign oligarchs?
Which is most rogue nation in today's world?
What will happen if India attacks on Pakistan this time? Will China joins with Pakistan against India because of CPEC?
The ultimate nightmare scenario for India is a two-front war. Would China attack India for Arunachal Pradesh while India is at war with Pakistan?
How can the gas attack in Syria affect us today?
Do you think the prevalent attitude of "only Chinese can criticize China" will ultimately hurt China?
Why doesn't the United States contribute UN peacekeepers?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Why is China supporting dreaded terrorists?
What are some principles for better American foreign policy?
What are some major changes in Foreign policies made by Indian government after Brexit?
Does China have an innovation problem because it copies a lot of foreign stuff?
What would happen if all countries in the world acted like your home country?
Did Ancient Greece have “relationships” with other countries? If they did, then with whom and what did they have in the “relationships”?
What would Pakistan gain by giving India the most favored nation status?
Is Saudi Arabia really as bad in human rights as the media says?
How special drawing rights are applied to settle financial disputes within the context of an international agreement or convention?
What would happen if the United States stopped treating Saudi Arabia like a close ally?
Why does the map of India include P.O.K. (Pakistan-occupied Kashmir)?
Did North Korea once ask for its confiscated counterfeit US currency back?
Why do most heads of state go to Israel’s Wailing Wall?
How is one country superior to other country in science and technology?
Despite China's invitation, why did India refuse to attend the OBOR meeting?
Why did China never recover Taiwan?
What do we need to do to make the Middle East stable and peaceful and minimalise terrorism?
Who is the highest authority at SAARC?
Will world prices be regulated by China?
Why is no one doing something about the Syria crisis?
What are diplomatic procedures?
How badly is Hirohito hated in China?
Why does Merkel threaten to withdraw troops from Turkey?
Has the issue between Kosovo and Serbia been solved?
How would you change the world if you had superpower?
What is the biggest hoax you've ever heard about CPEC?
Why is India becoming more prone to events in the US, nowadays?
Was the US the bad guys in the invasion of Iraq?
What type of relationship does Pakistan have with Russia? Is there any chance Russia will back bite India during a war with Pakistan?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK many times?
Why does the USA and Europe care so much about Crimea, if it’s very clear Crimeans want to be a part of Russia?
Is there a chance that the USA and Australia will combine their two nations into one super nation in the next few decades?
How can territorial disputes be best resolved?
Does China have the capability to defend its territory from North Korea's missiles and nuclear weapons?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Is North Korea generally respectful towards foreign tourists?
At summits like G7, do all the delegates stay in the same hotel?
While looking at current geopolitical scenarios all over the world, World War 3 looks imminent. What are your views?
In case of a KSA-Iran war, what would be India's stance?
Is the IHL applied in Syria?
Do Iranians support an aggressive nationalistic approach in foreign policy?
Why do people of North Korea not migrate to another country?
How democratic is China?
Should I be really worried about North Korea?
Is the case in Syria need a foreign intervention?
North Korea launched another ballistic missile, its 17th this year. Do you think the new South Korean president is a bit weak in handling Kim Jong Un?
Why does America always try to be the policeman in the world? Why do they give away so much aid to other countries? What is their end game?
Why is there still a border issue between Pakistan and India?
Will China and India ever be at peace?
Will India's current attitude towards its neighbouring country, China, actually benefit India in the long run?
In your opinion, what would be the perfect country?
How many Sunni civilians were filmed being killed by "US led liberators" in Iraq?
If every country in the world banded together to invade China and North Korea, how would it turn out and what would the aftermath be?
Why doesn't the Turkish Army support the Azeris of Iran to gain independence?
Was there anything wrong with Trump's diplomacy in Saudi Arabia?
Like Indian LTTE terrorists in Sri Lanka, should India fund some terrorists in Pakistan to make it impossible for China & Pakistan to implement CPEC?
Can Turkey negotiate with Russia and the EU to invade Syria and take back land that was once part of the Ottoman Empire to end the Syrian Conflict?
What is stopping disillusioned citizens from claiming land in the country and forming their own prosperous nation-states?
How great of an impact would aggressive military action by Iran or North Korea have on the world economy?
How did the USA become a superpower? Is it healthy to have just one superpower in the world?
Is AIIB threatened without India's participation in OBOR?
What's the prognosis of bilateral hydronephrosis related to UPJ obstruction?
Do you think Putin will use Snowden as a bargaining chip?
Why did Albania join NATO?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir issue Modi and Sharif can come up with without angering both countries' populations?
What is the role of the president in South Korea?
Who is providing weapons to ISIS?
Why are China and India enemies?
How did Yamamoto justify a preemptive strike on the US?
Why doesn't India propose an India-Nepal-China Economic Corridor and ask China to give up CPEC?
What is Germany's views and diplomatic stance on the War in Donbass?
Why would the West use democracy as weapon to invoke civil wars on supposedly peaceful Middle East countries such as Libya?
How safe is it for a white person to be in Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, in a non tourist area?
What would happen if the USA and North Korea had a nuclear war?
The United States always invades other countries. Is it more immature for US politicians in dealing with international affairs?
Which country belong Kahsmir…India or Pakistan?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK?
Can China feed the world?
Have the EU processes been updated to accomodate the growing number of members?
If the Maduro regime collapses, what might happen next in Venezuela?
How is India not friendly to Pakistan?
Is the North Korean political leadership solely responsible for the Korean peninsular’s woes?
What is the reason behind Pakistan releasing a fake video of them destroying Indian bunkers? Was it really necessary?
How can India tackle China's OROB project?
Is a foreign ground invasion of the United States possible and could it ever happen realistically in a war?
Will Iran ultimately take over the entire Middle East as feared by the Saudis and other Arabs?
In a Russian-US war (no allies), would the Russian winter hinder the US War Machine?
Is Pakistan snubbed globally?
How much of our total defense budget is actually spent on NATO?
What is the most noteworthy cooperation between countries in ASEAN?
Does the Syrian case need foreign intervention?
Why do many individuals on Quora have such a negative/ grim view of the United States?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
Why does Russia play war better than anyone else?
What could we do to make Iraq a better country?
How safe is the USA? Is it the same as Pakistan? How terrible is the fight between blacks and whites? What steps has the USA's police taken in this matter?
Is the US preparing to attack North Korea?
Why is the US after Islamic Nations -Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq and now Syria? Are the women and innocent children dying in the attacks also terrorists?
Which allied country does the USA trust the least between Japan, Israel, France, Australia, and the UK?
What would the world be like if NATO and countries allied with Russia and China got along?
What are the odds that Donald Trump will order a military attack of any kind on North Korea?
So far, Trump has called Arab nations to put pressure on Iran’s nuclear program. What are your thoughts on this?
Are there Tatars in Crimea who side with the Russian policies in the peninsula? If so, what is, roughly, their percentage?
Is it ethical to attack and destroy an entire nation to get one man?
Is China playing with fire by trying to test the mettle of the US Navy in the South China Sea?
Will the United States launch a war against OBOR countries to stop the economic development of Asian countries?
What happens if the sitting president of the USA turn out to be a traitor and Russia launches their nuke?
Could all the UN nation states that have nukes blow North Korea off the map?
Is it true that China didn't pressure Nepal to buy anti-aircraft guns in 1989 because the entirety of Nepal already falls within China's AA guns range?
Do you think ISIS will ever be a problem for Mexico or China if ISIS spreads throughout all continents like a plauge?
Why has India lost the textile business to Bangladesh?
Why doesn't the USA switch to residence based taxation like the rest of the world uses?
Could America, Russia, and China work together?
Will Serbia, Ukraine or Belarus ever join NATO?
Will Turkey and Mongolia successfully join ASEAN?
What do people in Iran think of the Israeli state as a whole?
Is China ready to accommodate the people of the world?
Do you think the sword dance in Saudi Arabia that Trump partook in is a precursor for a coming war with Iran, given the historical purpose of such a dance?
Have any Indian Muslims seen a person in India who support terrorist Organizations like ISIS, Al Qaeda, Indian Mujahideen, Naxals, LTTE, Maoist, etc?
Why do we view an attack on Britain or the U.S. as a terrorist act but not the U.S. bombing other countries?
Do you think it’s important to have a good relationship with one’s neighbors?
How will the Indian economy be impacted if a preemptive nuclear strike at Pakistan is done with no army operations, destroying all their nuclear capability by revoking NFU?
Were the Tatars who came back to Crimea, after spending several generations in places like Uzbekistan, given Russian citizenship now?
Why didn’t Baahubali 1 do well in China?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
What max can happen to our economy if conducts a preemptive nuclear strike at Pak with no military use, destroying all its nucleary use?
How does one compare the China Pakistan Economic Corridor and the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project?
Will the relations with the US and NK ever get better or worse?
Was the US’s war against Iraq beneficial to the Saudis?
Is India now the most populous country in the world? How long before India overtakes the USA & China in GDP as well & become a superpower?
With Trump, it looks like the fall of the US has begun, will this vacuum bring Russia, China and countries like India in the forefront?
How do you feel about the arms deal Trump made with Saudi Arabia?
Why don't the EU countries have a powerful military?
Would the United States go to war over Israel?
Why does Iran not support India directly in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case?
What do Baloch people think of Pakistan?
Why has India become a “banana republic” and a puppet state of the USA?
Why does the west dislike Russia?
What is brand proliferation?
If the Kurdish referendum for independence succeeds in Iraq, and Turkey says no and invades, what can the US do, considering that Turkey is in NATO?
How would our world be if there were no countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia on the world map?
Who is a greater threat to Western hegemony, China or Russia?
How do modern warships plan to defend themselves against Russia's and Iran's supersonic torpedos?
What are the steps that Indian government should take so that Kashmiris feel more Indian?
Has Pakistan given anything useful to the world?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
How can terrorism be nullified if it is solely based on revenge and not on religion?
How would the economy be affected if your richest states become sovereign states?
Is having good relations with everyone desirable?
Are NATO countries not paying their fair share into the NATO pot?
What would happen if Turkey started expanding into the middle east?
Why hasn't the UN created a standing military where all citizens of member nations can join (like the real version of Halo UNSC, but in real life)?
Why does Pakistan beg for talks with India?
How are the placements in the Asia Pacific region?
What is the significance of the news that Pakistan has declared all their forward air bases operational?
Why is the USA holding off against evacuating South Korea and using special forces to incapacitate North Korea? It doesn't seem logical.
Which colleges in Pune offer M.A. in international relations?
Which country is the biggest obstacle for India in getting the "power of veto" (in the United Nations)?
With the Manchester attack, should malls and other highly attended public areas in the United States install bomb and/or metal detecting machines?
What country has the most advanced military in the Middle East?
Which country wants to take land from Vietnam, China or the US?
What should other countries do about the horrible situation that now exists in Venezuela?
How is the IDF still more powerful than Saudi Arabia?
What is it like to study for an M.A. in international relations at SAU?
What does the average American think about Saudi Arabia and the fact that the USA is protecting a radical Islamic kingdom?
Generally, do you approve or disapprove of the efforts of the United States?
What are Russia’s and Turkey’s diplomatic relations now? Are they allies?
Why do Kashmiris keep harping on plebiscite when it has only two options - to join India or Pakistan?
How did the creation of Israel create tensions in the Middle East?
Are there any scholarships for students based on the “one road one belt” project in China or any other country?
Do Muslims know that the last time a Muslim country won a war against an infidel country was more than 200 years ago?
Is Pakistan being used as a pawn in the Cold War going on between India and China?
China: Can Pakistan be more developed than India and China by 2050?
Will peace ever be established between Israel and Muslim countries?
What do people in Iran think of Israel?
Chinese company's are investing in the USA for manufacturing but the Chinese government fears there could be a tax war between USA and China. What are some thoughts on this?
Does Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia backing sectarian divide between Sunni and Shia help US firms to sell more weapons?
Why did Uzma Ahmed go to Pakistan?
Can India join the European Union?
Who has a more independent foreign policy from the USA between France and the UK?
If the special relationship between the USA and UK ended tomorrow, would the UK still be a world power as they depend heavily on the US for everything?
If Germany had decided not to invade Belgium and busted through the French border, would Britain have eventually joined the Axis?
Given that The Hague’s International Court has declared that the contested islands do not belong to China, why does China insist and risk war?
What would happen if the UN became one superstate?
How did employment of the US and soviets impact the rest of the world?
Are civillian army's legal, like the ones in Syria fighting ISIS?
Why is the Arab World more diplomatically successful than Iran?
What will happen if a country that hosts a US Military Base is invaded?
Is it plausible that India's boycott of OBOR could improve its geopolitical standing?
According to Awdhesh Singh, what would be the consequences of a war between India and China?
Do Iranians believe their country should possess nuclear arms?
Can Americans be extradited to India for breaking their map law?
Was Pakistan ever richer than India?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
What would happen if 11 destroyers from India headed towards the USA?
How did people manage to communicate with each other by using pigeons? How did they make sure of the pigeons' path to the destination?
What are your thoughts on India? How can India become a influencing country in the world?
Why don't Israelis understand that Rivlin is the Head of State and Mrs. Rivlin is First Lady of Israel, while Netanyahu is only the Head of Government?
How did the issue of the Missouri Compromise contribute to the escalation of the conflict between the South States and the Northern States?
What would be India's condition and role in foreign affairs, if Pakistan was still it's part?
Is Sri Lanka dictating foreign policy to India?
Is it true that China has abducted India's Sukhoi jet pilot because it flew over Arunachal Pradesh?
Why Pakistan is treated like a dog by Saudi Arabia?
What have KSA, UAE, and Turkey done to help solve the conflict in Syria?
Why doesn't the US launch a war toward North Korea like they did in Iraq?
Why does Pakistan always denies whenever they lose any war?
Should India colonize Pakistan?
How do I avoid the irritation that I get when my country is called an underdeveloped nation by the same nation that looted us?
Who do I contact to join ISIS in India?
Can Iran nuke Israel?
Why is USA against North Korea?
Is Pakistan a valid party to the conflict?
If ISIS is a part of Iraq then why do they attack Iraq?
Why does India have a high commission instead of an embassy in Pakistan?
Does legitimacy play an important role in the European Union? Where are its strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Why do all countries need weapons?
Is it possible for India to go to war with the US?
Who do you think of as "the leader of the free world" and why?
How is the relationship between Germany and Israel today?
Why does India try hard to break UN-backed international laws to entry NSG without signing NPT?
What are the Syrian refugees like in your country? Have you met any?
How can decentralised transparency tackle inequality & human greed?
What are the chances of India becoming a permanent member of the Security Council and an NSG member?
Does Russia have plans to invade Finland?
How safe is Pakistan as a nuclear power?
Is it important to take into account protecting Christians in the Middle East when talking about creating an Arab Nato?
Will I be accepted at the US border if I've been to Turkey, India and Saudi Arabia the last two years?
Are the Syrian secret police any worse than other Middle Eastern regimes?
Will India bow head to Pakistan?
How come the "World Economic Outlook" is published by the IMF and not the World Economic Forum?
Will we ever have one global government?
Why is the west so opposed to a strong Iran?
What would happen if Pakistan happened to be a strong nation and India was comparatively weaker?
Why not use the influence of Bill Clinton and Bill Richardson to make a deal with North Korea to stop its missile developments?
How can India become a superpower without sufficient toilets?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
Is it true that India's FGFA deal might be cancelled because Russians have demanded about 7 billion for ToT?
Why did Turkey veto cooperation between NATO and Austria?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How can Pakistan place its flag on Delhi Fort?
Why doesn't the United States engage in an all-out war against ISIS if they are causing so much terror and sadness around the world?
When will China snatch Taiwan right from under the US’s nose?
Under which conditions can a country have an embassy in another country?
What was the US warship doing near the Wansha Islands in the South China Sea?
What is the OBOR scheme of China?
Which countries are enemies of North Korea?
Is the US working with China on OBOR projects by investing in Afghanistan’s infrastructure?
How can I help Syria from the UK?
Which are the two different coalitions fighting ISIS in Syria?
How long should I wait after submitting an argument piece to the editors of Foreign Policy?
Which IR theory applies to NATO's policy?
Would EU nations consider Germany a threat when they spend more on their military?
Why did the United States play the largest role in the Nurenberg Trials instead of a joint US-UK-France-USSR trial?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
What would be your summarised view of the ongoing tensions between Palestine and Israel? Are both at fault?
What is the problem in Syria?
If you were trusted to invade any country you want, what country would you invade and why?
What are the areas in which India and China can work together?
The US supported the Afghan people against the USSR invasion. Why do they support the totalitarian SA invasion against the Yemen people?
What if I use mercenary and invade a small country like Tuvalu or Bhutan? Can I rule the country then?
Why has India been ranked as the most ignorant nation in the world?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
Does Saudi Arabia still black out Israel with a Sharpie on maps and globes displayed within their country?
Is collusion by Trump with the Russians a crime?
How is the UN structured to achieve the Charter?
How can the USA revive two infrastructure projects in Asia to counter China's?
If one country invades another, what happens to the monetary and financial system? Do people lose their possessions?
What are NATO members’ budget obligations?
Could the US take on every country on Earth in a non-nuclear war and survive?
Is the European Union a signatory of the '1951 Convention Relating the Status of Refugees' and the '1967 Protocol' as a single entity?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
What are some examples of interventions by the USA in other countries affairs that hasn't been a disaster? Especially military ones.
Why couldn’t the Mughals invade into China like they did in India?
Is it possible for the 2 brothers (India and Pakistan) to ever unite in the future?
Is it not nonsensical that India & Pakistan claim that they’ve attacked the other while both denying the videos of the other. What the hell is going on, & which is telling the truth?
What are the legacies of China's land reform that can still be felt today?
What do you think about Basuki Tjahaja Purnama a.k.a Ahok about his case? What's PBB are for?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Are Iran and Syria the only Muslim democracies in the Middle East?
If North Korea nuke Hawaii what would the USA do?
What percentage of the Madhesi people in Nepal also have Indian citizenship?
If North Korea suddenly decided to become a democracy, how long would it take for the world to accept them?
Why didn't the Philippines become a US territory like Okinawa?
What would happen if the US and China switched places?
What if The Beatles had defected to North Korea?
What do Jordanians think of Pakistan?
If North Korea launch a missile would the USA be able to stop it before it hits?
If the American blacks seek independence, can another country launch 59 missiles to attack the US government to help them stand alone?
Would India be able to defend Arunanchal and Kashmir in the case of a two-pronged attack from China and Pakistan?
How did the Germans produce all of their weapons during the time of the Treaty of Versailles?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
How is the Six-Day War related to the current conflicts in the Middle East?
Why can’t India attack North Korea and show a permanent solution?
How does Israel fight with 12 countries?
If China were the leader of the world, what role would the US and EU take?
If there was a civil war in Russia now, which border country would you go as a refugee?
Should I be worried about the North Korea situation? I've been losing sleep because of it.
What do you think about the Indian Su-30 going missing near the border with China?
Why doesn't China want to be a good friend of India like Bhutan is?
What are the costs of Trump's "Ultimate" deal between Israel and Palestine?
Will wars ever be over?
Which 3 countries are most responsible for the rise of the radical & fundamentalist terrorist forces around the world today?
Do you think China is strategically helping Pakistan, only to maintain and develop its power against India & to hinder its growth?
India is becoming a superpower, so what is the most important factor?
Why does Pakistan struggle economically and politically when compared to India?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Does Vladimir Putin have a wife and children?
What would happened if all the countries merged into one country?
If Iran offers one trillion dollars to President Trump (USA) to modernize Iran, will the relationship between the USA and Iran get better?
Why do Americans consider China to be an enemy despite majority of Chinese people’s, and, even Chinese government’s, support for President Trump?
Does the country that you're from affect how you start a relationship with people from other countries?
Is it possible that North Korea is secretly planning to attack India?
What are the European Union’s strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
If Russia and Bannon were trying to exploit the simmering antipathy between the right and the left, and the Midwest and the coasts, how do we come together as a nation?
What if Russia invaded all of Europe Nazi style?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
Why did the world converge to having a few hundred countries, instead of 10x more or less?
How do I prevent myself from falling for CCP propaganda?
Is it possible to stop north Korea's nuclear plans?
Can India and China be good friends?
Why is there a chance of Turkey supporting Pakistan?
How is America and India's relationship?
What do we get by creating terror around the world?
What deal has Trump made with Israel, and what does this change?
Do Indians have the basics to be called the next superpower?
What strategies caused the Soviets to lose the Cold War?
How is a NATO policy (such as the decision to fight ISIS) made? Is NATO truly an independent entity? Does the U.S. have veto power in NATO?
Why did Christianity fail to reach the Arabian countries despite the fact that those countries are nearer to the places Christ had lived?
Does the United States have the most protective military in case of a war?
Why didn’t Iran take part in the Saudi Arabia Conference?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why isn't India called as United Nation?
What is the scope of IT in Sri Lanka?
Was it Putin's blue dream to annex not only the Crimea, but also the entire Southeast of Ukraine, and connect the borders of Russia with Transnistria?
Why did Germany invade Russia in 1941?
Why can’t Nepalese and Biharis live happily together in Nepal? Isn't it racist of Nepalese to be anti-Bihari?
Iranians were killed while fighting ISIS, and Arabia supported them. Trump says Iran is evil and Arabia is good. How do we justify this contradiction?
If the sea level rises, can Vietnam ask China or Laos for some land?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Is China a country or a company?
Do South Koreans feel sorry for those who ended up having to live in North Korea after the peninsula was divided?
How long does it take the UN to take action on some issue?
Should Britishers be ashamed of all the evils they have done to Indians by looting their wealth earned over thousands of years?
Why doesn't India establish diplomatic ties with Taiwan to punish China?
How will China look like if it splits into smaller countries?
Are the more frequent acts of terrorism in western countries a result of western intervention in the Middle East? What do you think?
What is China's image in the eyes of Indonesians?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir conflict in India' s perspective?
If North Korea can launch a satellite into orbit, what else do they need to have an ICBM?
If Hillary won in 2016, would there be more conflict around the South China Sea by now?
What is the difference between the UN, NATO, and OSCE?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
Can you make a war go on until you have conquered the whole world if you use the resources of the countries you've conquered to wage war?
What is the stand/role of US in the rising tension between India and Pakistan?
Should Trump "embrace" the despots or the people of the Middle East, contrary to Obama's policy?
Why is Trump publicly hostile toward our staunchest European allies while exceedingly friendly with Russia and Saudi Arabia?
How does Russia's expansionist tendencies threaten the national security or democracy of Great Britain or USA?
How can a DMD graduate from another country work in the United States as a dentist?
What are some criticisms of Saudi Arabia people at their government?
Do you agree if ASEAN merged into one country? and why?
Does the Russian influence in American foreign policy and elections mean we should start studying Russian?
Why has Pakistan annoyed Iran by joining the Saudi coalition?
What would happen if all nations support India for NSG but China?
Is China the next India?
Would China help Iran if the US and Israel conducted their usual business of invading other countries?
What current nationality is an individual considered to be who was born in Crimea before being annexed by Russia?
Why is India so desperate to enter the NSG, and what are the consequences of not signing the NPT?
What exactly is happening in the Middle-East? What led to conflict there? Who is behind all this and when did it start?
How do countries make money transactions with each other?
What are Qatar's foreign policy aspirations in the Middle East?
Does Croatia have an extradition treaty with the US?
What is the likelihood of Taiwan rejoining the People's Republic of China?
Can the host country enter another country's embassy and consulate?
What were Michael Flynn's major policy disagreements with the Obama administration before he exited that administration?
Who profits from the $350 billion arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia? Is it the arms vendors or politicians?
After a WWIII, only two countries survived: Romania and Lithuania. If they go to war with each other, who will win?
Why is the US-Saudi arms deal such a big deal? Can't a country just buy arms from any vendor?
Should we even be worrying about a military draft with all the issues with North Korea?
Why does India blame Pakistan for every mal-incident that takes place in their homeland?
In order to maintain their economic advantages，will the United States launch war against OBOR countries?
Being a Greek citizen, I trust the EU far more than I trust my country. Is that bad?
What is Taiwan's stance on the South China Sea dispute?
Why are the leaked pictures from the Manchester terrorist attack "a threat to the national security" according to President Trump?
How does a country maintain a high gross fixed capital formation? Can a Latin American nation copy that of China and the Asian tigers?
Why doesn't the US have a dedicated brigade of Arctic Paratroopers since Russia is one of the main rivals of the US?
What do you think about the Chinese criticizing China in public occasions?
If you had the power to bring one historical former nation back to the present day, what country would it be and why?
Should countries take refugees from another country?
What effect will the UN report have on the OBOR Project by China? ( see link)
How strong and dangerous is Israel?
When does Pakistan change its mindset against India?
What strategic measures could the British Government take in terms of foreign policy to reduce the potential for Islamic terrorism on home soil?
What is the role of Russia in the USA elections?
How do you think Trump will handle US Iran relations?
What keeps the United States, the NATO countries, China, Russia and India from just sitting down at a table and dividing up the rest of the world?
What is Germany's diplomatic views and stance with regards to the War in Donbass?
Why is Russia interested in Syria?
As an American, what are your views on Indo-American defence relations in recent times (2012 onwards)?
What impact would 'Eurobonds' have on the financial health of the European Union?
India is irrelevant in the CPEC and OBOR as India is a taker, not a giver. What makes Indians think that India is relevant to OBOR or the CPEC?
Despite fully opposing Trump, I totally agree with him chastising NATO members for not all contributing 2% of GDP to defense. Why is this a problem?
What's your opinion on Trump’s speech at the 2017 NATO Summit?
What are North Korea's geopolitical aims and interests?
How many troops would it take to fully occupy and defeat Russia?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
How does a country (say Saudi Arabia) buying military weapons from another country (say the USA) know the operating rules of the weapon?
Can China develop the world?
Why do American Presidents bow to the Saudi King?
Why are Cambodian monks hostile to Vietnam?
Could the US take on every country on Earth in a non-nuclear war and survive?
What's your take on president Trump's first visit to Saudi Arabia?
Is the European Union a signatory of the '1951 Convention Relating the Status of Refugees' and the '1967 Protocol' as a single entity?
Why do most heads of state go to Israel’s Wailing Wall?
How does the US rank in the world as far as reasonably humane prison conditions, let's say, according to the UN (not the US)?
What would happen to the Philippines if war with China broke out?
Despite China's invitation, why did India refuse to attend the OBOR meeting?
Why has CPEC made Pakistan safer than ever in Pakistan’s history?
How can North Korea and Iran defend themselves against a military takeover from a powerful aggressor like the USA, without having nuclear weapons of their own?
On the same weekend as the record-breaking arms deal, the Saudis announced a $100 million donation to the Ivanka fund. What do you think?
Why isn’t India a part of the G-8 (Group of 8) council?
How would our world be if there were no countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia on the world map?
Is there a chance that the USA in the future may break into multiple sovereign countries?
What was the evolution of United Nations?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
Did Saddam Hussein realize that the U.S. would get involved if they invaded Kuwait?
Who has better relations with Israel, India or Pakistan?
What is needed to transform North Korea into another modern day Vietnam?
What is the real objective of forming a grand alliance of Muslim countries’ armies? To fight ISIS or to contain Iran?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
What would happen if some Third World nations left UN membership and then created their own organization to express their anti-Western hegemony?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
What would happen if the US pulls back all of its troops and dollars flowing into Afghanistan?
Why didn't the Philippines become a US territory like Okinawa?
What is universally considered the least hated country? What about the most?
When other countries declare their independence, how do Western nations come to the final decision to recognize it as being legitimate or not?
What did the USA spend their money on the Cold War?
What's the best way to explain in 5 minutes or less why people protest to show support for Palestine and why they are right?
Why is Iran dangerous from a western point of view?
What’s the reason behind the fixation of all Indians with the China Pakistan Economic Corridor?
In the future, can Vietnam ask China to share its space program?
Pakistan has been troubling us with covert war. How can we cripple Pakistan economically?
If North Korea launch a missile would the USA be able to stop it before it hits?
Is Xi Jinping a master and clown in China and why?
Are people on Quora aware that the Iraqi militia operating in Syria is now shooting at U.S. aircraft?
Given Venezuela's current state of affairs, would Trinidad and Tobago be culturally annihilated if it were landlocked with Venezuela?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
If the American blacks seek independence, can another country launch 59 missiles to attack the US government to help them stand alone?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
Why does India claim that Singapore’s water territory is a disputed territory?
If India has to declare war against Pakistan, then who will declare war? Would it be the IT Indian Army Chief or the Prime Minister of India?
What would happen if France left NATO?
How are the diplomatic visit programs?
Let's say a war breaks out with North Korea in the near future. Would that make Donald Trump more likely to win a second term?
Do some Germans and Europeans experience schadenfreude when observing American military power and the problems it brings the USA?
Is having Alaska beneficial in any way to the USA?
Can India ever rise to the status of a superpower?
Why does the USA and Europe care so much about Crimea, if it’s very clear Crimeans want to be a part of Russia?
What would be the most likely outcome if the U.S. decided not to pay its debt back to China? Would there be a war?
What happens if all countries become borderless?
How does Russia have such a negative influence in the world with only 1.9% of the world’s GDP?
Why was aid an important part of United States-Vietnam relations?
Are threat from SJW are the real deal?
Can Russia, China and Pakistan nuke the USA and NATO?
How many countries’ names begin with the word “The”?
What does the rest of the world think of the IPL?
How does one become a member of the bar council? Are there any fees regarding it?
What would happen to China if Manchuria seceded?
If Trump were to order a nuclear strike on North Korea, what would it do to his popularity?
What are the enemies of relationship?
What is your feeling about the future of the United Kingdom?
If there was a civil war in Russia now, which border country would you go as a refugee?
Should I be worried about the North Korea situation? I've been losing sleep because of it.
Should the UN add more permanent members?
Are all member states of the EU required to sign the European Convention on Human Rights?
Can India and Pakistan together work out a treaty which allows dissatisfied people of both countries to migrate to the other?
What are the adverse affects of the CPEC for Pakistan?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
Why is India supporting terrorism in Afghanistan through supporting ISIS?
Is Australia abandoning Timor Leste?
How should I target the USA in a nuclear security summit?
Has Donald Trump signed the single largest arms deal in United States history with Saudi Arabia?
After Obama, now even Trump is bowing down to Saudi Arabia. Do Americans like this?
Why does Spotify still not have India's Top 50? Even smaller countries are being covered, but not India.
What would Russia do to Ukraine after their war?
What exactly are the Russian sanctions?
What do the people of Taiwan think of ROC claiming so many territories which belong to other countries as a part of China?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
How did the creation of Israel create tensions in the Middle East?
Does the bilateral relations between India and China deteriorate the notions about people of India (given that we still love Chinese people)?
What do Turks and Kurds in the US think about the recent clashes in Washington between them?
What do Trump supporters think of Trump offering weapons to Saudi Arabia?
Why do Americans consider China to be an enemy despite majority of Chinese people’s, and, even Chinese government’s, support for President Trump?
If Iran offers one trillion dollars to President Trump (USA) to modernize Iran, will the relationship between the USA and Iran get better?
Does India have diplomatic relationship with North Korea?
Is Pakistan being used as a pawn in the Cold War going on between India and China?
Has any country ever tried to make a kinetic bombardment weapon, and is there any treaty or convention that bans it?
Do you agree with Trump when he says we protect every country's borders around the world but we don't protect ours when we should?
China: Can Pakistan be more developed than India and China by 2050?
What is the biggest threat to India?
Which year will war break out between China and the United States? Many historians have said this clash of powers is inevitable.
What are some websites related to the details of the Indochina war?
Why did Britain withdraw from Palestine?
Which is the friendliest nation in the world and why?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
Why don't we go in guns blazing and take out North Korea?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
Why is Jerusalem disputed territory?
How is China supposedly becoming more powerful than the USA yet the USA spends around 800 billion and China spends 150 billion?
Will humans ever unite?
What are the consequences if both Pakistan and China simultaneously attacked India?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
What does the whole world think of China?
Why is Japan so excited and expecting the US and North Korea to have a nuclear war?
What is the composition of the General Assembly, the Security Council, and the International Court of Justice?
What are the legal hurdles for the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) on the international front?
How did Yamamoto justify a preemptive strike on the US?
Why isn't the world one country and united?
Why don't Sikhs take the lead in India to unite the country against Pakistan?
What is Russia's actual goal in adamantly supporting Bashar?
Why do many of USA's states have straight borders?
Recent media reports indicate that, after Syria, Mexico is the place for violent death. Should Americans be concerned?
What will happen if a country that hosts a US Military Base is invaded?
What is the scope of IT in Sri Lanka?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
The United States always invades other countries. Is it more immature for US politicians in dealing with international affairs?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
Will Trump lead the US into a war against Iran, given the desires of both Israel and Saudi Arabia?
Why does Bangladesh hate Pakistan more than any country in the world including India although not Pakistani people?
What is America’s interest in Iran? Why are they using KSA against Iran?
Brazil's JBS, the world's largest beef exporter, was recently found guilty of racketeering in Brazil, but the USA government is leaving it alone. Why?
If the sea level rises, can Vietnam ask China or Laos for some land?
If Iran was asked to chose between Pakistan and India which one will it side with?
Why has Xi Jinping failed to deliver the promised reforms?
Why is the USA against North Korea’s nuclear test when the USA itself has a lot of nuclear weapons?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
Can a country (that is not the US) declare war on the Indian reservations located within the US?
What is the history of India and Russia relation?
What would happen if 11 destroyers from India headed towards the USA?
Why has India been helpless with CPEC endorsed by UNSC resolution?
What are you views on recent news about scrapping of Joint Indo-Russian project to develop Aircraft?
Who's stronger in all aspects, China or Mexico?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
Why doesn't the West mind its own business when it comes to North Korea?
What can Israel and its supporters do to counter the lies, distortion and hatred it faces continuously in the press, media and on university campuses?
Why are the world community, the intentional media and the UN keeping silent towards what’s happening to the Muslim minority in Myanmar?
Why can't China be a super power?
Is the Syrian Military majority Sunni as some people like to claim?
Why was Serbia responsible for the Kosovo War?
Would it be beneficial for India to conquer Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, and Maldieves for economic and territorial gains? If yes, how much time would it take for the Indian army to accomplish this?
What is a non-territorial nation?
What is it about the US culture that they disrespect the sovereignty of individuals and nations that cannot defend themselves?
Why doesn't the US launch a war toward North Korea like they did in Iraq?
If Vietnam decides to attack ISIS in the Middle East, and overthrow the government of the pro-American states, would they be successful?
Is there anything Donald Trump can do to get Mexico to crack down hard on its drugs besides the wall?
Is China colonizing Africa?
Why don't Sri Lankans try to be happy like Bhutan instead of playing the 'China card'?
What countries produce and sell weapons to other nations?
In case of a clash between India and China, which side will Russia take, and why? What will Russia do if the same clash happens between India and Pakistan?
Does the US execute spies like China continues to do?
How do I avoid the irritation that I get when my country is called an underdeveloped nation by the same nation that looted us?
What preparations does the US Secret Service have to make before a US President's foreign trip, especially to countries like Iraq, Iran, India and Pakistan?
If Hillary won in 2016, would there be more conflict around the South China Sea by now?
What are the odds that Saudi Arabia will become a more liberal country in the near future?
Why did the US say that we don't get involved in Middle Eastern affairs when Saddam Hussein asked for help?
Is it possible to apply for a Master’s in International Relations if I have a B.A. in American Cultural Studies?
Can the Ukrainian Army defeat Russia if it gets all of its military needs from the US?
Who does India support - Israel or Palestine?
Why is the United Nations called ''united nations” and not “united countries”?
Why does Turkey allow Australians to celebrate Anzac day on it's territory?
Is the U.S. still allied with Israel?
What factors make countries allies with each other? What factors make countries enemies with each other?
Should Israel intervene on behalf of Trump if the US deep state wants to impeach him?
Is Cupid Ltd a hidden multibagger?
Can you make a war go on until you have conquered the whole world if you use the resources of the countries you've conquered to wage war?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
How will the Arab countries react when no one needs their oil anymore?
Which country does India fear the most and why?
Should Trump "embrace" the despots or the people of the Middle East, contrary to Obama's policy?
How many American jobs will be created by the $350 billion Saudi arms deal?
Is Kashmir Pakistan's top most priority? What else matters to Pakistan as a country?
How do democracies declare war?
Do you want to reunite the USSR again?
Why doesn't China act as the protector of Vietnam anymore, but instead bullies them?
How can a DMD graduate from another country work in the United States as a dentist?
How did Pakistan manage to develop close relations with US and China?
How much force can a traveling foreign power respond with, if attacked while visiting another nation?
What are some criticisms of Saudi Arabia people at their government?
Who is more important to Great Britain, the United States or the European Union?
What could we do to make Iraq a better country?
Why can't President Obama forge a better relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia than Trump is now able to?
What is it like to study MBBS in China/Russia/Cuba being an India?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
How is the bilateral relation between Indonesia and Singapore?
Why does the US care about the Middle East so much?
Does it work in America's best interest if businesses generate revenue in America and invest their profits in other countries?
Is it possible that the OBOR deal between Pakistan and China also involves the support of the Chinese Army along the LoC and PoK?
Would China help Iran if the US and Israel conducted their usual business of invading other countries?
If Russia launches an invasion of Europe now, how far do you think their forces would make it before NATO stood their ground?
Why isn't anyone talking about the conflict in Yemen?
What would happen if a border between two countries was split in between your house?
If the US lost a non-nuclear world war to Russia and China, how powerful would Russia and China become after the war?
Why doesn't the U.K. invade other countries anymore?
How can one get to Tibet illegaly from India?
Are we going to see any change in Russian politics?
What is more dangerous for a country, corruption or terrorism? How are these two terms related to each other?
What are the most powerful countries judging all the factors combined?
Is America going to invade Iran for its Israeli and Saudi masters like it did with Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan?
How will Trump's first foreign trip shape US diplomacy? How will his trip shape US foreign policy?
What if America went to war with itself?
Why did India never colonize Pakistan but China colonized Vietnam?
Why does China demand restraint on North Korea, when in reality they are not under any threat in the slightest?
So far, Trump has called Arab nations to put pressure on Iran’s nuclear program. What are your thoughts on this?
Is China putting the same threats to Pakistan as the East India Company had on the sub-continent?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Is it important to take into account protecting Christians in the Middle East when talking about creating an Arab Nato?
What do you think of President Trump's arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Why is the USA so close to Israel?
How is the caviar market in the Middle East? What countries are importing it the most?
Who are the owners of the United States?
Seeing the honor bestowed upon POTUS Trump by the Saudi government, do Americans feel proud that the USA has once again become great in the world?
Are China and India gonna be big economic competitors for America in the future?
Do you think the Soviet Union was smaller than Russia now?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Will the United States launch a war against OBOR countries to stop the economic development of Asian countries?
How close to a major conflict are we with North Korea? Should we be concerned with their current state of nuclear arms?
Does China accept Middle East refugees?
Which country is igniting tension between India and Pakistan? Why?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
Why did Pakistan expel Bohemia for being a Christian?
In the recent meeting of the GST council in Srinagar, was the purpose to give a strong message to Pakistan and China that it is our land?
What is the relationship like between Kushner and Bannon?
How can India become a superpower without sufficient toilets?
Is it true when CNN reports that North Korea’s missile went 620 miles high?
How do the main theories of international relations define science?
How many forces are battling in Syria, what are they and who are backing them up?
Why has China got such a thin strip of land (mostly river) between Russia and Korea?
If Pakistan breaks into five countries (Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan, FATA, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), will the name Pakistan still be applicable?
In the future, can Nepal claim the area given to India by the treaty between British and Nepal?
Is it smart for US and Israel that Trump gave Saudi Arabia such sophisticated military technology in its commercial deal, given their 'radical Islam'?
What would China's reaction be to Mongolia if they industrialized as China has?
How can one acquire territory and establish a state from scratch?
What would be the monetary and IR impact on India, if it withdraws from UN in case it is not accorded a seat in the security council?
Do you think the sword dance in Saudi Arabia that Trump partook in is a precursor for a coming war with Iran, given the historical purpose of such a dance?
If you could remove V.V. Putin from power, but in return, you had to replace him with another Russian politician, who would it be, and why?
What pollicies would you like your country to have?
Can Egypt become a regional superpower?
Who would win: The US and the EU vs. Russia and China?
How would the world react if Australia suddenly gets invaded and attacked?
What are the similarities between the Pakistani and Chinese cultures?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
What are the most powerful countries in the world judging by economic military power?
When will China snatch Taiwan right from under the US’s nose?
Why do some people believe North Korea is not a bad country?
In the recent weapons deal with Saudi Arabia, is Saudi Arabia actually paying the U.S. for the weapons or are they paying Lockheed and other companies?
If Lata, Asha, Amitabh and Schin make goodwill visits to Pakistan at its government's official invitation, will it reduce the nuclear threat in South Asia?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
How do I start understanding the modern world -- current events, politics, contemporary history? What blogs, books, documentaries, etc. should I look in to?
In order to maintain their economic advantages，will the United States launch war against OBOR countries?
What is it like to battle the Russian military in armed conflict?
Can Russia or China cut the transatlantic internet cable?
Which of the following would be the best place to start a family: Brazil, Canada, an European Union country or the USA?
How can I help Syria from the UK?
What are effective international regimes and mechanisms which suit all member states?
What do you think about Tibet and China?
What is the best European country in 2017 to seek asylum in for Lebanese citizens?
How did the Latin American region become more diverse than Canada or the United States?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
Who discovered the United States, and why did they leave Canada alone?
Why did the USA join the League of Nations?
Why does Russia never become developed like USA?
Will the relations with the US and NK ever get better or worse?
Why is the CPEC a big win-win for Pakistan and China, and a big loss for India?
Who runs Pakistan, the government, the army, ISI, or China indirectly?
What are the best advices for an undergrad student of international relations?
Why is it that most of India’s neighboring countries (China, Pakistan, Nepal, and Sri Lanka) don’t like India?
How would recognising Taiwan as an independent state affect Mainland China?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
India is opposing CPEC. Is there any advantage to India due to CPEC, like Pakistan stopping sponsoring terrorism​ due to heavy presence of Chinese?
Why do some people think that it was wrong to hold the EU Referendum?
How would Israel act if Egypt/Saudi Arabia started building a nuclear reactor claiming it's for defense/deterrence purposes same as what Israel claim?
What is going to happen, or is happening to the planet right now?
If the whole of North Korea today is suddenly moved to the 15th century, will it be able to dominate the world?
Which IR theory applies to NATO's policy?
Why does the United States try so hard to maintain its position as world hegemony?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
What's the closest US city to North Korea?
Why did Communist China never attempt to invade Japan after the Chinese Civil War?
Is there any type of superpower?
Why do people who think the Iraq war was wrong want the USA to get involved in Syria?
Just because India funded terrorists in Sri Lanka for 30 years, isn't it wrong of Pakistan to try to do the same against India?
Was the $110-billion arms deal made with Saudi Arabia to attack Iran and destabilize the Middle East completely?
Aside from Snowden, who else has Russia given political asylum to in the last 20 years?
Could the European Union impose the recognition of gay marriage to all its countries?
How do I explain the Israel-Palestine conflict to someone in one sentence?
Has India really been interfering in the internal matters of Nepal?
When does Pakistan change its mindset against India?
After the Riyadh Summit, when should we expect a fully-fledged war on Iran?
If you were trusted to invade any country you want, what country would you invade and why?
How do you think Trump will handle US Iran relations?
What were some of the friendly moments between India and Pakistan?
Is USA the united states of Russia?
What does Saudi Arabia expect to get in return for its $20 billion dollar "investment" in US infrastructure?
Will Russia turn communist again? If so, will there be another Cold War and what would be the effects?
Why does the USA spend fortunes in countries after a war when there are people here in the USA who could benefit from the funds?
If North Korea launched a nuke, what would be the blast radius?
Does Trump actually have a plan/proposal for the Middle East to put to Israel?
What are some major changes in Foreign policies made by Indian government after Brexit?
Was there any punitive measure taken against the U.S. by the UN?
Would a coup be the best thing that could happen to North Korea?
Will America help Biafra?
Is Pakistan the son or brother of India, because Pakistan is derived from Indian territory?
How would you tell a war is going to happen within a year in your country?
When heads of state of world superpowers meet, do they talk about how they're conducting spy operations in each others' countries?
Can India's approach to ICJ affect the India-Pakistan Kashmir dispute?
Why did India boycott the 19th SAARC summit in Pakistan and make SAARC fall apart?
What is the reason behind Pakistan's loss in ICJ? Was our lawyer given all the details by the military court of Pakistan?
What do you feel is the one thing the United States could or should do to “lead by example” as a world power?
Tensions continue to rise in NK, the USA, & Russia. Could World War 3 happen soon? Would Russia & NK launch nukes before the U.S. military arrived?
Why did Obama's counter-ISIS strategy entail facing the ISIS head to head instead of encircling and annihilating them like Trump has chosen to do?
How many troops would it take to fully occupy and defeat Russia?
Is it possible for NAFTA to transform into an EU style agreement?
What do Baloch people think of Pakistan?
If Ukraine had decided to sign cooperation treaties with both the EU and Eurasian Economic Union, would the Maidan have never happened?
What would happen if the United States stopped treating Saudi Arabia like a close ally?
Does the USA know that its sanctions on foreign countries affect normal people who have nothing to do with politics?
Was the United States right to reject the Treaty of Versailles?
While ISIS is undoubtedly more dangerous than Al-Qaeda at the moment, aren't they also much easier to fight against than most other terrorist groups?
Do Jerzy Giedroyc's ideas still influence Polish foreign policy?
How does the US rank in the world as far as reasonably humane prison conditions, let's say, according to the UN (not the US)?
How do you feel about Duterte saying that war will break out between China and the Philippines?
Is a real war likely to break out between North Korea and the USA? Who would be the first one to provoke it?
Why is it like USA is the ruler of world and no one stops them whatever they do not even the UN? Isn't it unfair for all the other nations?
What is Israel's vision for the future of Palestine?
If India has a strong navy, and China is trying to become the superpower of Asia, will India and the USA stop China?
Is Trump's 110 billion dollar deal with Saudi Arabia anti-America?
What was the evolution of United Nations?
If all armies are protecting their countries, who is the aggressor? Who are they protecting it from?
Why don't we consider the historical contexts of the conflicts that we are involved in, such as those in the Middle East?
How do I develop my country (India) to be a superpower like Pakistan?
Why did the Pakistani lawyer wear a wig in ICJ on Kulbhushan Jadhav's case?
Is there a theory to analyze foreign policy?
Should Afghanistan invade Pakistan's Pashtun majority areas to make them part of Loy Afghanistan?
What is wrong with India's foreign policy?
What's the best way to explain in 5 minutes or less why people protest to show support for Palestine and why they are right?
Who does the world support, India or Pakistan?
Are Russia and the US enemies?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Why does the United States demand special privileges from its allies?
What made you interested in following Iran news?
Who's the bigger monster, ISIS or Assad?
What’s the reason behind the fixation of all Indians with the China Pakistan Economic Corridor?
Should India embellish its foreign policy, like America for the H1B1 visa issue?
Given Venezuela's current state of affairs, would Trinidad and Tobago be culturally annihilated if it were landlocked with Venezuela?
Looking back, do Chinese people today feel that Mao was soft on India? Did China really need to give South Tibet to India despite winning the war?
Do the other permanent members of the Security Council really approve of India's membership or just pretend to?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
Why do we need help from foreign countries with designs & other aspects of living. Are we not able to built huge structures ourselves? What isn’t working in our civil engineering?
What should be the next diplomatic step from India after the ICJ verdict? Also, do we need to create external pressure on Pakistan via the USA?
Why does the whole world despise Pakistan?
How did China get so strong?
Why is it not a human rights issue that the citizens of some nations enjoy the privilege of a veto on the security council?
What countries must ally together to take the whole of Russia?
If Russia and China got themselves into a war with each other, whom would the U.S. side with?
What is a general relationship between Sweden and Finland in terms of sport competition?
Will the Iranian elections affect Iran-US relations?
Why don't Canada have diplomatic relation with Iran?
In today's scenario is it beneficial for India to ally with Russia or America?
What is the relationship between Croatia and Israel?
What is your feeling about the future of the United Kingdom?
What is the social relationship like between England and Greece?
Why did India not join China's OBOR despite needing $1 trillion to upgrade it's infrastructure?
How was the Luso-Dutch War and which country was stronger?
What do you think should be done in regards to North Korea?
Can I go for a master's in international relations if my bachelor’s is in politics and economics?
Is it possible for India to stop all trade with China?
Will China and Russia co-develop a Boeing 757 replacement?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What is the meaning of the existence of the ICJ, if countries like China and Pakistan don't accept the verdict?
What are the possible geo-political effects of an Arab NATO in the Middle-East?
If Saudi Arabia and Israel came to war, who would win?
Why do countries​ such as Germany​, Japan​, India, Australia, Brazil​ and​ South​ Africa​ go ahead and form a separate​ bloc to take on the UN Security​ Council​?
Will Iraq wipe out ISIS for good?
What do leftists think about North Korea?
What would be the impact of the extremely hostile Philippine-China relations on the local ‘Chinoy’ community, especially the wealthy ones?
After Obama, now even Trump is bowing down to Saudi Arabia. Do Americans like this?
Why does Spotify still not have India's Top 50? Even smaller countries are being covered, but not India.
What exactly are the Russian sanctions?
If Russia and other former Soviet republics decided to reunite, what would the USA, NATO and the EU do?
Are the relations between the Philippines and the US improving?
Why did Egypt’s blockade of the Strait of Tiran cause an Israeli declaration of war? Did they ship by the Mediterranean? Didn't it hurt Jordan more?
What are some opinions on the stance of both the USA and Russia in the Middle East?
How diverse is your country?
Does India have diplomatic relationship with North Korea?
Whom do the Syrian Turkmens support in the Syrian civil war?
How would the world react if Pakistan goes full National Socialist?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
What is the political situation world wide?
Why does America support Pakistan, the breeding ground of terrorists?
What is the biggest threat to India?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
What is the relevance of having warships in a nation's defense infrastructure?
Why is India so jealous of the China-Pakistan friendship and scared of CPEC?
Why is it too much to ask for peace? Why is Syria meant to be bombed? Why are Somalian kids destined for starvation?
What is France doing in Mali?
Why are the Eastern regions of the US and China more occupied?
Which year will war break out between China and the United States? Many historians have said this clash of powers is inevitable.
If The United States of America go to war with China, which side will Singapore choose to stand with?
Have the Philippines threatened to steal oil from Chinese territories in the South China Sea?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
Why does Morocco want to annex Bechar province in Algeria?
What does the creation of a buffer state like Afghanistan between the British and Russian empires mean in layman speak?
Were Russians in Syria warned about Trump's missile strike?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
What will be the best way to stop the war in Syria and Iraq?
Why has Pakistan CPEC already conquered India without a war?
What if the United States tried to conquer the world (intelligently)?
When an European Union country has a trade deficit, is it bad for them?
What will happen if India and Pakistan become one nation?
What is the newest country to join SAARC?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
Why does the USA and Russia have way more bombs?
What are some aspects about Japan which are still low-tech even though the country is widely perceived as a high-tech country?
Will India and Israel sign a pact of mutual cooperation in the event of either country getting attacked?
What would happen if China lost Russia as a ally and North Korea unified with South Korea?
Is the Philippine-American military alliance anti-China?
What is International relations as an academic discipline?
Do people realize the ongoing Machiavellian War to take over the United States from B.R.I.C., Brazil Russia India and China?
Why do small countries like Tuvalu and Swaziland support India for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council? What do they gain from this?
How does China perceive the west?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
What was the relationship between Reza Shah and the Kurds?
How is the relationship of Iran with the USA after the USA removed the sanctions on Iran?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Besides the United States, which country has the most killers?
Are Pakistanis aware of the recent history of Sri Lanka getting a loan from China, and the results of it?
What would happen if the Vatican City declared war on another nation?
Are countries still suspicious of Germany if they increase their military?
Does the UN hire a security company to safeguard its members’ belongings while they are deployed on a mission?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
If the 1950 Indo-Nepal treaty cancels all previous treaties then where's Nepal's lost land from the British?
Can the world be in peace without leadership? If so, why do almost all countries have rebels?
In today’s geopolitics, our greatest need is “to focus on solutions not conflicts.” How successful are we (humankind)?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
Who would win in a war between the British Commonwealth of Nations and the Russian Commonwealth of Independent States?
Should the United States increase economic, diplomatic, and/or military pressure on Russia?
Do you think the whole war threats from North Korea will blow over?
Is India turning into another Pakistan under Modi?
What is a non-territorial nation?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
What's wrong with a three-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Why is the United Nations called ''united nations” and not “united countries”?
In the next 20 years, do you see Pakistan as a country or a territory annexed by China?
Should Israel intervene on behalf of Trump if the US deep state wants to impeach him?
Why doesn’t India nuke the US?
Why did Sweden drop the Julian Assange rape investigation?
What is the cause behind the conflict between US and North Korea?
What would happen if Russia, Iran or China started patrolling the Gulf of Mexico, the Sargasso Sea, or the Gulf of Alaska with planes and warships? What would the USA do?
How many American jobs will be created by the $350 billion Saudi arms deal?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
Is Kashmir Pakistan's top most priority? What else matters to Pakistan as a country?
Why did God only appear in the Middle East and favor the Jews? There must have been more people living in China and India at the same time.
Does Donald Trump's very first visit show that Saudi Arabia is the closest puppet of the USA in the Muslim world?
Should Israel now recognize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia now that President Trump is pal with both countries?
How do I become a consultant for the United Nations?
Nepal is declared a secular state. Are you satisfied with this declaration? Why or why not?
Why doesn't China act as the protector of Vietnam anymore, but instead bullies them?
How many years will India take to become a superpower like the USA?
Why did Saudi Arabia grant Zakir Naik citizenship to protect him from Interpol when he is wanted in terror-related cases?
What if the government of the US is fake and in each of the wars of the past 100 years America was on the wrong side of each conflict. How would Americans view this?
Are we really on the brink of WW3 given North Korea's new stance and successful test and the US now sending another ship to the peninsula? What does this mean?
How can a successful ceasefire be implemented between Ukraine and Russia?
Why can't President Obama forge a better relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia than Trump is now able to?
Does it work in America's best interest if businesses generate revenue in America and invest their profits in other countries?
Why did China lost the “Chola war” against India in 1967?
Is China taking over Pakistan for their women?
What would happen if all of the continents declared war with each other with no nuclear weapons used?
Is America still the greatest nation in the world, and if not, which is?
What do you think of Mearshimer and the tragedy of great power politics? Is it coherent with India and China and their future?
Why does Russia have so many sattelites?
Why doesn't America establish a better relationship with Russia to have more cards to play when it deals with China?
What if Russia used its S400, S300 and S200 missile defense systems to protect Syria against attacks from the US-led coalition?
Could the commonwealth ever unite and become one sovereign nation?
How will the 110 billion arms deal between the USA and Saudi impact the two nations and the region?
What do you think of President Trump's arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
Is there a way it could be negotiated to have North Korea absorbed into China since North Korea is so dependant on China?
What do Sunni Arabs think of the Israeli/Saudi anti-Iran alliance?
What would likely be the US Treasury’s take on a $350 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia?
Will the world ever have a war if America views China as a threat because China's neighbors are scared of China's presence in Asia?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Why do Jews get accused of wanting to make the United Nations a world government, even though the U.N. tends to be against Zionism?
Why is Donald Trump very popular in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Why does North Korea keep firing missiles into the Pacific rather than north over the poles like Russia?
Should India mount pressure on China with the help of other superpowers?
Why are America and Israel jealous of the Pak-China friendship and CPEC project?
Is it smart for US and Israel that Trump gave Saudi Arabia such sophisticated military technology in its commercial deal, given their 'radical Islam'?
Why did China not even extend an invitation to the Singaporean PM to attend the recently held Belt and Road forum?
Can the Chinese and the Russians project their military power across the globe? If yes, which one does it better?
Why did Egypt buy expensive helicopter carriers from France after France refused to deliver them to Russia?
Did more countries unite or disintegrate in the last century?
Is it true that veto power was first offered to India but Nehru refused and handed it over to China?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
Did the free territory of Ukraine work?
Why doesn't the press focus on problems such as healthcare, rising debt, immigration and foreign policy?
What will happen if Pakistan goes against the order of the International Court of Justice?
Why is China in so many trade organizations?
How many calls are made between India and Pakistan daily? How many are tracked?
How can relations between India and Pakistan be normalized to make them focus on their development?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
Would Congress declare war on Israel if the Israelis arrested Trump when he stepped off the plane?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
Is ISI a good and trustworthy intelligence agency for Pakistan and other countries interests? Do they support terrorism or do they work against it?
What is it like to battle the Russian military in armed conflict?
Can Russia or China cut the transatlantic internet cable?
What are the chances of a war between North Korea and the US?
What is the best European country in 2017 to seek asylum in for Lebanese citizens?
What would happen if North Korea suddenly declares war on China? How would the world react?
Isn't it high time for the U.S. to invade Cuba and finally annex it?
How did the Latin American region become more diverse than Canada or the United States?
Why do Vietnam, Japan, India, Mongolia, Taiwan and South Korea dislike China?
What are the things in which Russia outsmarts the USA?
Can Russia coexist with other EU nations? Is the US’ anti-Russian sentiment legitimate or propaganda?
Does the USA know that its sanctions on foreign countries affect normal people who have nothing to do with politics?
When was Portugal closer to annex Galicia?
Wasn't the act of Chinese jets flying inverted against US military aircraft or “pulling a Chinese Top Gun” the ultimate insult to Americans?
Why do people say that America will lose its status as a superpower? And if it is true, what would happen to the American people?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
There are countries that have fences along the sidewalk to prevent car-ramming attacks. After what happened in NYC yesterday, will the USA adopt them?
Can India become a permanent member of the UNSC if it manages to make more than 2K nukes in the next 5 years?
What is going to happen, or is happening to the planet right now?
How would Israel act if Egypt/Saudi Arabia started building a nuclear reactor claiming it's for defense/deterrence purposes same as what Israel claim?
What are the main goals of foreign policy of states, and what are the factors which influence its making and implementation?
What's the closest US city to North Korea?
Is the THAAD system included in Trump's new arms deal with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Why did the Chinese fighter jets intercept the US military aircraft over the East China Sea? What did China achieve by doing this?
Could the European Union impose the recognition of gay marriage to all its countries?
Aside from Snowden, who else has Russia given political asylum to in the last 20 years?
Why is Pakistan called "terror university" by some people in India?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome by the Saudi government compared to Obama?
If North Korea ever reached the U.S. with a nuke, would Russia and China step aside & let the U.S. destroy North Korea without retaliating in return?
How would you invade Chile?
If China invaded the Philippines, would it be like Vietnam again?
Why we Indians are so obsessed with Pakistan but we pay very little attention to China? Don't you think we should take China seriously?
What should Pakistan do to strengthen friendly relations with India? What should it do to form a warm and peaceful environment with India?
Why doesn't China invade a stupid country like Pakistan instead of investing billions?
Trump denies Comey’s allegations. Was there collusion with Russia?
What will happen in a full-scale nuclear war?
If someday North Korea went to war with the USA, who might be the allies on both sides?
What is a hybird regime?
How has the British establishment's attitude towards Russia changed since the end of the Cold War?
Why does North Korea hate Japan?
Why do people look down on Americans for having a limited world view when most of them don't truly understand American culture?
Why is Israel the most unpopular Muslim country?
If China tried to attack Pakistan, would India send its forces to defend Pakistan?
What were the wars and conflicts in India and China?
Is there any country which has never been successfully invaded?
How does the chain of command work under a UN peacekeeping force if multiple nations are involved?
If Israel helps India in case of a war, will Iran support India knowing that the two countries are not on the same rope?
What would happen if India invaded Nepal?
How do I summarise India's relation with Asian countries as well as western countries or simply West?
Do Pakistanis wish to merge with China?
If China is atheist, why do they claim that the LGBT community has no rights?
Which countries in the world are still calling the private and temporary tribunal in The Hague a UN backed international law court?
Will China make Pakistan its colony in the future?
Was Trump's bizarre meeting with Lavrov and Kislyac in the oval office part of a plot aimed at strengthening Putin's control over US foreign policy?
What is the political situation in Syria?
What are the dangers of taking a flight from Gatwick to Lanzarote?
What if a country disobeys the verdicts of international court of justice?
Why do countries in the surrounding regions don't receive as much refugees as Myanmar?
Should India go to war with Pakistan, or should we suffer like we did in the past?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
What if Pakistan remained adamant even after the ICJ ruling?
What will be the pros and cons if all the countries and continents are merged and become one single country?
Would war induced by North Korea devastate the West beyond repair?
What if China invaded Japan and the USA had no nukes?
Can you envision a future where Bangladesh, India and Pakistan become united as one country?
What is stopping America from taking over the Third World except America?
What will be the consequences if America lose their power to rule the world against Russia?
Can the US President unilaterally pull out of NATO?
Will Kulbhushan Jadhav’s hanging result in a war between India and Pakistan?
Would North Korea approve a hypothetical underground China-South Korea tunnel?
What is the history of western intervention in Iraq if any?
Who are the best allies of India?
Why don't Crown dependencies get UN status or join the EU?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
Why is the Trump Administration not bombing the gas chambers in Syria? It appears that the USA is more concerned with N. Korea?
What opinion does South Korea have on human rights in North Korea?
Why does Turkey have a good relationship with the United States and Israel, when both of them actively support and arm the Kurds?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
Why is chess given so much importance in tactics, foreign policy, and strategy making?
Have you ever been to Afghanistan/Pakistan? What was your experience there?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
What does China really want from North Korea?
What is the current scenario under the Indo-Soviet/Russia Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation?
What is some common interests and disagreements between North Korea and China and North Korea and Russia?
What is the perception of other countries about Pakistan and India?
What countries are not sovereign states?
Would the U.S. support or assist the creation of a union between Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia?
Will Saudi Arabia face a credit crisis soon?
How did racism in the US influence its foreign policy?
What would happen if China started total war with Taiwan?
What were the similarities regarding China's and Japan's policy toward westerners?
How many people in India would like a friendship to develop with Pakistan despite the political tension between the two neighbours?
How would the US react in a scenario where Russia got fed up with North Korea and decided to annex it to end the hassle once and for all?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
Has China ever been a first-rate nation?
Since normal Indians hate China and always stare at China, will India invade China when they are able (perhaps in 2050, when China gets old)?
How do Americans, generally speaking, view Iran and Turkey?
Why don't we hear more about the Yemen war?
Is Pakistan and American relation coming to an end?
Is Pakistan going blindly about its engagement with China in CPEC?
Does China still view Vietnam as a child country?
How will USA China relations be in the next 10 years?
Why does India believe that over 130 countries participating with China in the OBOR forum is a security threat to India?
Can India dominate the Kashmir issue if it becomes a permanent UN member?
Can the UN Security Council be amended to represent the interests of all countries?
How has globalisation changed the fundamental concept of the sovereignty of states?
What is the best country for a 24-year-old guy from Kenya with a Master’s degree in international relations?
It is perfectly ok for India not to join in OBOR projects. Why has India been jealous of other countries joining in OBOR, and why has it been badmouthing OBOR?
Is being the President of the United States a job most people want?
If Pakistan refuses to accept the verdict of the ICJ, then can India also break the Indus Waters Treaty & refuse to accept the verdict of the ICJ in retaliation?
In terms of the CPEC, has Pakistan started selling itself to China? Moreover, what are Pakistani people’s views on this?
What is CPEC for Pakistan?
Why is the US not doing anything about Erdogan's thugs beating their citizens?
Arab countries did not support Kosovo’s independence. Sometimes it seemed they felt more empathy for Serbia. Why did this happen?
Will the recent US airstrikes on Syria (18th May) affect the US/Russia relations?
Are the top 3 powers of the world China Russia and America?
Why Indian could not become super power like Pakistan?
Is Syria a victim of a new cold war? If so, what is the United Nations doing about it?
Why can India never be as great as Pakistan?
What are the problems behind recognizing LoC as the international border between India and Pakistan?
Is China a real friend of Pakistan or is it 'using' it against India to overpower India because of its growth and development?
Is China's rise good for Korea?
Will India break the Indus Water Treaty if Pakistan hangs Kulbhushan Yadav after the ICJ verdict?
Why is every international institution against Pakistan?
Why do we discuss Pakistan so much when China is the real competition?
Was Falkland war a public opinion diversion from a very big war exactly the same time in Middle East?
What are the 3 dimensions of nuclear security?
What if NATO declares war against China?
Have you considered investing in the Ukraine since they are becoming part of the EU?
Has India ever tried to return India-occupied Nepalese territories back to Nepal since its creation in 1947?
With a left-leaning president grabbing power, would South Korea now avoid the Americans and join China-Russia-North Korea as an ally?
What is the difference between the LOC and LAC line of actual control between India and Pakistan (with historic explanation)?
What can China and the US do for North Korea in order to achieve peace?
Why doesn't Russia invest or provide aid to Vietnam?
Does Article 147 of the Indian Constitution make India a non sovereign nation?
Which two countries hate each other more, India vs Pakistan or China vs Japan?
Can the US, Pakistan and China join together, wage war against India and dismantle it?
What happens if China and Taiwan switch places?
Why did China leave Arunachal Pradesh when it had conquered it in the 1962 war?
Which country has the best chance of holding out for a year against a NATO invasion?
Is it possible for the nation to one day become bipartisan again?
How is Russia going to react to the recent U.S. airstrike in Syria on May 18?
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Will Xi Jin Ping be able to respond if Modi's India invades Tibet?
Is Project 09852 of the Russian Navy for real? If so, do the West and NATO have countermeasures in place?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Instead of attacking ISIS, why doesn’t the world sanction them?
Is WWIII gonna start after what North Korea did with the ransomware cyber attack?
If Saudi Arabia invaded Syria instead of Yemen, would they be successful?
Will there be any declaration of war between the USA and North Korea?
Is it possible for India to become a superpower in the next 6-7 years?
Why has India been jealous of Bangladesh who attracted huge FDI to Bangladesh from China?
What future events will there be, in India-Israel relations?
Why is Pakistan collaborating with China and not India for their nation's development?
Are Russians as afraid of the US as the Americans are afraid of Russia?
Do you think China siding with Pakistan instead of India is a wise idea?
Why hasn't the Sino-Russian relationship been that good?
What regional organisations and regional agreements is North Korea a part of?
What are the relations between China and the United States of America?
What would it take for Africa to become the dominant power it once was?
Why is India not reacting in the same way that Iran threatened to do regarding Pakistan terrorists?
Why does the US hate Iran?
Should Trump invade North Korea?
Why does India have no embassies in many countries?
Was the Operation Iraqi Freedom a disingenuous expenditure of American military might, given that the US and NATO provided them w/chembio weapons?
What is the social situation in Syria?
Can the United States defend against an imminent EMP attack?
How is the summer school at diplomatic academy of Russia?
Can war solve the Indo-Pak issue?
How much does Israel rely on its alliance with the U.S. for its survival?
What is the present crisis in Myanmar and its resolution?
How has Pakistan's dream of making Afghanistan it's sixth province failed miserably?
Which countries have the best work-life balance for young adults starting their career?
Does the 1962 Simla agreement supersede the UN resolution? What should we examine for the Kashmir dispute solution?
Why do India sell Electricity to Pakistan?
Should India follow the same protectionist policies as China?
Why did the US and Russia become enemies?
Pakistan made the right decision regarding the CPEC, which could be beneficial to Pakistan for 100 years. Is this the reason why India has been badmouthing the CPEC?
Recent conflict in Myanmar?
What is the only way China can win an all out war against the US and Japan?
Can the world keep hoping that both Iran and Israel will lead the effort to bring peace to the Middle East?
Will it help India maintain peace in the world by becoming a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Why American friendship with Russia is frowned upon in America despite many other countries being friendly with Russia ?
If the US and the USSR came to a peaceful agreement, why can't the US and North Korea do the same thing today?
Should more civilized countries apply sanctions and remove diplomats of countries that punish their citizens for changing religion or being gay?
Why has India failed to prevent Nepal from joining connectivity with China through OBOR projects?
What is the latest situation in Syria?
What is happening in Syria? Why are the world powers so interested in the ongoing conflict in Syria?
How can we analyse the impacts of Chinese diplomatic relations on Sri Lanka's economy?
Why isn’t India giving a befitting reply to the Chinese claim over Arunachal Pradesh?
What would happen if every established country started doing China-like megaprojects?
Is a NATO like alliance between India, Japan, Korea & other neighbours threatened by China possible?
Is North Korea really any kind of threat to the US?
What would happen if China forced Vietnam to stop having relations with Taiwan?
Which country will invade Russia in the future?
Does it make sense for Scotland to leave Britain to regain its sovereignty only to give up that sovereignty again to the EU?
If a billionaire asks to rebuild Syria, can he be granted sovereignty?
How could we analyse the India-China relations in the present geopolitical and geostrategic scenario of global politics?
What will happen if China and the USA stop all support to Pakistan? Will it be able to survive?
Who was the Chinese president who renamed the country the People’s Republic of China?
If war breaks out in North Korea, would it be helpful for me to volunteer with an aid organization?
What country was the most powerful at its height?
What are some possible ways Mainland China and Taiwan can improve their relationship?
Why has the European Union not succeeded in becoming a stable & powerful single global player?
How screwed would your country be if some technologically advanced country attacked your home country (any strong military in the 2010s are allowed)?
How is an independent country recognized internationally?
What should India learn from the rise of China?
Can an average citizen of a country put a case in the international court of justice against his/her own country?
Why has India isolated itself from UNSC-supported OBOR in the world?
Which media sources does United Nations recognize for factual bases?
Theoretically, if Indonesia were to invade Australia without America’s nuclear umbrella or support, what would happen?
How will USA-Mexico relations be in 10 years?
Would/should India preempt CPEC by getting into a decisive war with Pakistan and splitting it into a few smaller independent/supported entities?
Under what circumstance have pre-emptive military strikes been justifiable?
If Pakistan invades Kashmir, which countries would support India, and which would support Pakistan? Who would win?
Which countries will emerge as superpowers in 3-4 decades?
Why is Hritik Roshan advertising Chinese phones when China is helping Pakistan kill our army men?
How does the UN define terrorism?
Why can’t a tunnel under Korakram Range connecting China and Pakistan be made?
Does India fear China and Pakistan?
Will it not be good for India if China is able to colonize Pakistan through CPEC, atleast it will be able to eliminate terrorism nurtured by Pakistan?
Why doesn't Afghanistan invade Pakistan?
Why is the USA considered a superpower? What makes it a superpower?
Why doesn’t India invade Bangladesh?
Why doesn't China consider the concerns of Indian sovereignty regarding OBOR and CPEC in particular?
How many of you have heard of the Conflict Research Group International?
How do industrial development, military power and population contribute to the foreign policy of any state?
What can the People's Republic of China learn from Russia on how to deal with American politicians?
Will China complete the economic corridor with Pakistan, passing through POK?
When did the League of Nations come into existence?
Why is Modi government’s spoiling the relationship with Russia by threatening them to convince China for NSG membership?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind Deir ez-Zor and Albu Kamal in Syria and Iraq that killed dozen of innocent civilians in the last two days?
How does Israel view India?
Will Nepal joining OBOR be harmful to Biharis living in Nepal?
How does China influence Pakistan?
How many J-20s would China need to dominate the skies around China's border, particularly, China's east coast?
Why is the US not revealing the countries behind the horrific airstrike in Albu Kamal that killed over 60 civilians?
Why did India join the Non-Aligned Movement?
If one day Pakistan forms an alliance with America against China, will China punish Pakistan like it did to Vietnam?
Should Scandinavia unite as a single nation? Would they be successful?
If Australia and the British Isles would suddenly switch places, how quickly would this affect both nation's natural environment?
Why is India demanding to get a seat on the UNSC?
Can a nuke hit Canada?
Buddhists are never told to wage war supress others or to trouble others purposely, but China waged war with India, troubling India every now and then. Why?
Bodhidharma is related to which country and which state?
Has Modi too much attached his foreign policy with US and Israel?
Why is Russia worried about India's plans to develop nuclear technology indigenously?
Why are the USA, India and China struggling to get control over the Indian Ocean?
When and how may a diplomat be deemed a persona non grata?
How has North Korea changed socially since the fall of the USSR?
Would North Korea be better if it had been annexed by China?
How would Putin know if the information Trump shared with Russia was classified?
What is the base of Indian foreign policy?
Why does America appear to hate Russia so much? Is there an underlying reason behind it?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind horrific airstrikes in Syria and Iraq that is killing hundreds of civilians everyday?
What if all Muslims declared war on the rest of the world today?
China annexed Tibet and Aksai Chin but not Bhutan. Why?
Will the Indo-Canadians support Canada in the event war breaks out between India and Canada?
Do you think there is going to be a war between the U.S. and North Korea?
How did the Marshall Plan benefit the United States given that it looks like a charitable act which seldom takes place in international diplomacy?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
Is “People's Republic of China” a republic or not?
Why did India choose to openly condemn China's One Belt One Road initiative?
With Xi Jinping at the front of Chinese leadership, how does the promise to return to China’s glory days affect the region and the world?
Do you think the United States militarily are a match against Russia, China and or North Korea?
China has always blocked Western markets and has been successful, should India try the same approach?
When did the European​ countries find out that the US was a rising superpower and that it was going to overshadow them?
Why did Syria put landmines in the Golan Heights?
What is behind the obsession people have with the relationship the US has with Russia?
Would you agree that during the Cold War, the UK was the 3rd most powerful country in the world after the two superpowers i.e. the US and the USSR?
Which country would be easier for US to invade, Pakistan or Saudi Arabia?
When you have a conflict between what you believe in and what makes you pleasant, Is that a hypocrisy? And if it is, is that wrong?
Why aren’t the USA and Russia stopping global wars?
Why are liberals mad at Trump sharing intelligence with Russia when we need to fight ISIS together?
Why is it that only 2% of Australians live in the Yellow Area?
What is China's argument for not permitting India into the UNSC permanent council?
Can China's belt & road initiatives change the regional conflicts into regional prosperity?
Will Russia punish India heavily and dump them if India becomes and ally of USA?
Why does India give permission to the Pakistani embassy in Delhi to celebrate their Pakistan Day every year?
Can the disturbances between US and Russia result in World War 3?
What would happen to the Philippines if EU imposed economic sanctions on it?
Do other nations enjoy India - Pakistan fight?
Can India annex Tibet? If yes, how?
On what basis Pakistan shows so much courage to India, knowing India can ruin them easily?
Will the world do the best about the crisis in Syria?
How is Iran going to deal with Pak terror?
Why is the UN/US/UK supporting Saudi Arabia despite their war crimes in Yemen? Is it all because this war benefits the US/UK financially via arm deals?
Why can't tye US reveal countries that is slaughtering innocent civilians by the hundreds everyday in Iraq and Syria?
Why would Russia be worried if India halted development of the Kudankulam 5 and 6 reactors?
How is international cooperation measured?
What are the top 10 countries hostile to China?
Like the USA has become a country of white immigrants, will Tibet become unquestionably Chinese if the Chinese rule over it for long enough?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
If North Korea had to fight Cuba back in the day during the Bay of Pigs, who would win, North Korea or Cuba?
After hearing president Moon's comment on North Korea, do you think there is going to be a war?
Why doesn't the USA invade Turkey with the help of the YPG?
Will the USA ever nuke Pakistan or Iran with MOAB?
Should the World’s nations sue the USA and NSA for developing such a deadly e-virus, i.e. ransomware/Wannacry?
How can India and Pakistan live peacefully and develop themselves as major economies?
If there is a nuclear war between India and Pakistan, and China intervenes to help Pakistan, will America intervene and assist India?
What are the most favourite foods in the Middle East?
Is India careening toward international isolation?
Why did Bahlul Lodi invade Kalpi?
Why are nations bunched up in coalitions of alliances now instead of singular alliances between each other? Is this to ensure global peace?
How safe is Sarawak from any geopolitical conflict?
Why is North Korea attacking us and what does it want from it?
What is the best institute for piping courses that provides the best placements assurance?
What would be your favourite superpower?
Does the fact that India is nonaligned increase or decrease the chances of foreign countries invading India, should civil war break out?
Is there a solution to the never-ending Indo-Pakistan crisis?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
Why is India not taking serious actions against Pakistan, while Pakistan is crossing its limits every day?
Is China-Pakistan relationship slowly but surely becoming like that of India-Bhutan? Will Pakistan become a Chinese colony because of CPEC?
Which countries can the UK invade?
Would NATO countries or Russia and China refuse to help an ally that is on a suicidal war mission? Would allies see getting bombed as a no deal?
Would Russia be on America’s side or North Korea’s side if WW3 breaks out?
If North Korea bombed South Korea with nuclear weapons accidentally or on purpose, would it not impact North Korea as well?
How did the geography affect the Ancient Middle East's economy?
How can India defend against China with a defence budget of just 56 billion USD while China has a defence budget that is 5 times higher than that?
Why can a big and strong country have a nuclear weapon, but a small country can’t?
What is your review of Bulgaria's foreign policies during the Balkan Wars?
Why can't India become as feared as Israel?
What is the root reason for the fight between India and Pakistan?
Why is China in the UN security council despite fighting against the UN (and killing many UN soldiers) during the Korean War?
If a war happens with India, and Pakistan divided into three countries, what will China do to get back their money incurred in CPCE?
Why has Somaliland not been recognized as an independent country by any members of the UN?
Will ISIS become a state in the future?
Could Australia win a war against North Korea?
What do other countries think of America?
If Iran and Pakistan went to war, who's likely to win?
Are neighbouring countries more hostile or more friendly to each other then non-neighbouring countries, on average?
What are the barriers to a one-state solution in the Israel and Palestine conflict?
Would/should India preempt CPEC by getting into a decisive war with Pakistan and splitting it into a few smaller independent/supported entities?
When will China succumb to terrorism?
If all the countries in the world united to make one military force in order to take out the US, what's the likelihood the US would lose?
What's your take on president Trump's first visit to Saudi Arabia?
How does the US rank in the world as far as reasonably humane prison conditions, let's say, according to the UN (not the US)?
How do you feel about Duterte saying that war will break out between China and the Philippines?
How can North Korea and Iran defend themselves against a military takeover from a powerful aggressor like the USA, without having nuclear weapons of their own?
Why has CPEC made Pakistan safer than ever in Pakistan’s history?
What are the dangers of taking a flight from Gatwick to Lanzarote?
Why is Hritik Roshan advertising Chinese phones when China is helping Pakistan kill our army men?
How does the UN define terrorism?
Do you think the whole war threats from North Korea will blow over?
With the tension building in the South China Sea, if North Korea made a move now, who would win the war?
If all armies are protecting their countries, who is the aggressor? Who are they protecting it from?
Why can’t a tunnel under Korakram Range connecting China and Pakistan be made?
What's Pakistan’s current policy of an illegal militia?
Did Saddam Hussein realize that the U.S. would get involved if they invaded Kuwait?
What is needed to transform North Korea into another modern day Vietnam?
Is there a theory to analyze foreign policy?
What do people of Iran think about Pakistan?
What is wrong with India's foreign policy?
Are the Chinese insensitive to the feelings of their neighboring countries towards China?
Why does the United States demand special privileges from its allies?
Would war induced by North Korea devastate the West beyond repair?
Buddhists are never told to wage war supress others or to trouble others purposely, but China waged war with India, troubling India every now and then. Why?
What’s the reason behind the fixation of all Indians with the China Pakistan Economic Corridor?
What will be the consequences if America lose their power to rule the world against Russia?
What would happen if the USA developed a protection system that was 100% effective against a nuclear attack? Would they attack Russia immediately?
Why is the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo important?
Is it true that India was offered a permanent seat at UNSC?
Pakistan has been troubling us with covert war. How can we cripple Pakistan economically?
Why is Pakistan afraid of vacating Baluchistan on moral grounds?
Given Venezuela's current state of affairs, would Trinidad and Tobago be culturally annihilated if it were landlocked with Venezuela?
Are people on Quora aware that the Iraqi militia operating in Syria is now shooting at U.S. aircraft?
Do the other permanent members of the Security Council really approve of India's membership or just pretend to?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
Where can I find out more info on NATO's new headquarters?
In the next 20 years, do you see Pakistan as a country or a territory annexed by China?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
Why does India claim that Singapore’s water territory is a disputed territory?
What can the People's Republic of China learn from Russia on how to deal with American politicians?
How are the diplomatic visit programs?
What should be the next diplomatic step from India after the ICJ verdict? Also, do we need to create external pressure on Pakistan via the USA?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
When did the League of Nations come into existence?
How dependent is Canada on the United States, socially, economically, and politically?
Can India ever rise to the status of a superpower?
What reason did Britain have for invading India?
How come there is an ISIS magazine?
Does India have the capability to ignite more conflicts with Pakistan and sabotage the UNSC endorsed CPEC?
How did China get so strong?
Which country has friendlier relations with Azerbaijan, Israel or Iran?
How does Russia have such a negative influence in the world with only 1.9% of the world’s GDP?
Why is it not a human rights issue that the citizens of some nations enjoy the privilege of a veto on the security council?
Why is chess given so much importance in tactics, foreign policy, and strategy making?
How does China influence Pakistan?
What does the rest of the world think of the IPL?
How does one become a member of the bar council? Are there any fees regarding it?
How many J-20s would China need to dominate the skies around China's border, particularly, China's east coast?
What are the enemies of relationship?
Where can I find the list of countries that hate India, and why?
Would Americans be able to defend their borders without their military for a year?
If the President of the United States got attacked by terrorists in another country, what are the implications for that country?
Trump today forcibly made it known to NATO nations that they need to pay their fair share for defense. What are your thoughts on this and their conference today?
How does NATO work?
How can India counter the China-Pak duo on OBOR or CPEC?
Will China’s economics and military transformation pose a potential challenge for the future security of the South Asian region and the rest?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
Should the UN add more permanent members?
Are all member states of the EU required to sign the European Convention on Human Rights?
I’m a 25-year-old Indian with a BS in computer science but I wish to study international relations. Is it possible or too late for me to switch streams?
What do you think of Trump pushing the Prime Minister of Montenegro Dusko Markovic out of his way at the NATO summit?
Did Obama's urgency in getting a treaty with Iran cloud his judgment in dealing with the other Arab countries?
What were North Korea's contributions to the Svalbard seed vault?
Can India and Pakistan together work out a treaty which allows dissatisfied people of both countries to migrate to the other?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What are the possible geo-political effects of an Arab NATO in the Middle-East?
Why is India demanding to get a seat on the UNSC?
Would the U.S. support or assist the creation of a union between Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia?
How should I target the USA in a nuclear security summit?
Why do countries​ such as Germany​, Japan​, India, Australia, Brazil​ and​ South​ Africa​ go ahead and form a separate​ bloc to take on the UN Security​ Council​?
How did racism in the US influence its foreign policy?
What do leftists think about North Korea?
Has Donald Trump signed the single largest arms deal in United States history with Saudi Arabia?
What does Rahul Shrivastava think about India’s relationship with Nepal? Why have things become worse, even though we helped them a lot during the earthquake?
After Obama, now even Trump is bowing down to Saudi Arabia. Do Americans like this?
If Russia and other former Soviet republics decided to reunite, what would the USA, NATO and the EU do?
Are the relations between the Philippines and the US improving?
What is the best university in Netherland to study International relations?
What does the average human voice sound like?
Why did Egypt’s blockade of the Strait of Tiran cause an Israeli declaration of war? Did they ship by the Mediterranean? Didn't it hurt Jordan more?
What do Trump supporters think of Trump offering weapons to Saudi Arabia?
What are some opinions on the stance of both the USA and Russia in the Middle East?
Why do we need help from foreign countries with designs & other aspects of living. Are we not able to built huge structures ourselves? What isn’t working in our civil engineering?
Why is India not taking serious actions against Pakistan, while Pakistan is crossing its limits every day?
Whom do the Syrian Turkmens support in the Syrian civil war?
What is the political situation world wide?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Why don't we hear more about the Yemen war?
Do you agree with Trump when he says we protect every country's borders around the world but we don't protect ours when we should?
How can I find franchise partners in European union countries?
Does Turkey really have good relations with India?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
When Philippine President Duterte started siding with Russia, terrorism followed in the Philippines, do you think the US is behind this?
Why did the government of India forcefully annex Nizam of Hyderabad's assets in 1990?
Which year will war break out between China and the United States? Many historians have said this clash of powers is inevitable.
How has globalisation changed the fundamental concept of the sovereignty of states?
What made Russians and Chechens hate each other? Did it have to do with both having a history of favoring violent confrontation over negotiation?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
Why did Britain withdraw from Palestine?
Which is the friendliest nation in the world and why?
What does the creation of a buffer state like Afghanistan between the British and Russian empires mean in layman speak?
How can other countries help Syria?
Would North Korea be better if it had been annexed by China?
What If North Korea had been annexed by China?
Did China blow off the Sukhoi-30 near the Indian border?
Why is India claiming POK and opposing CPEC when people living in those territories are already Pakistani? Is India just trying to create trouble?
Why has Pakistan CPEC already conquered India without a war?
When an European Union country has a trade deficit, is it bad for them?
What is CPEC for Pakistan?
Why does America appear to hate Russia so much? Is there an underlying reason behind it?
What will happen if India and Pakistan become one nation?
How similar is China's OBOR initiative compared to the reasons behind the Marshall Plan?
Arab countries did not support Kosovo’s independence. Sometimes it seemed they felt more empathy for Serbia. Why did this happen?
What is the condition of Russia today?
What does the whole world think of China?
Can Trump solve the Middle East conflict?
Why is Pakistan selling its country to China?
What are some aspects about Japan which are still low-tech even though the country is widely perceived as a high-tech country?
Why Indian could not become super power like Pakistan?
How do I become part of Amnesty International or some big international organizations?
What is Russia's actual goal in adamantly supporting Bashar?
Why does a nuclear India fear China?
What would happen if China lost Russia as a ally and North Korea unified with South Korea?
Is the Philippine-American military alliance anti-China?
Why can India never be as great as Pakistan?
Could Australia win a war against North Korea?
If Russia were to close all its borders, how rich in this isolation could they possibly get?
Recent media reports indicate that, after Syria, Mexico is the place for violent death. Should Americans be concerned?
How does China perceive the west?
Is China a real friend of Pakistan or is it 'using' it against India to overpower India because of its growth and development?
If all non-US NATO countries spent 2% of GDP on defence, would the USA spend less?
Will India break the Indus Water Treaty if Pakistan hangs Kulbhushan Yadav after the ICJ verdict?
What is the special relationship between Great Britain and America?
How is the relationship of Iran with the USA after the USA removed the sanctions on Iran?
What is America’s interest in Iran? Why are they using KSA against Iran?
Besides the United States, which country has the most killers?
What would happen if India occupies Nepal?
If the West stayed out of the Middle East, would Saudi Arabia and Iran end up at war?
Are countries still suspicious of Germany if they increase their military?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
Why is the USA against North Korea’s nuclear test when the USA itself has a lot of nuclear weapons?
Can the world be in peace without leadership? If so, why do almost all countries have rebels?
Does the African Union spend more on humanitarian aid or counterterrorism efforts in East Africa?
If a war were to break out between NATO and their allies on one side and Russia, China, Iran, and Syria on another, which side would India be on?
Who's stronger in all aspects, China or Mexico?
In today’s geopolitics, our greatest need is “to focus on solutions not conflicts.” How successful are we (humankind)?
Why has India been helpless with CPEC endorsed by UNSC resolution?
What do Serbs think about joining the European Union or the Eurozone (EU currency zone)?
How much will Russia be affected if it nukes it's far eastern side? Ps. This is just a hypothetical question
Are America, Saudi Arabia, and Israel allies of ISIS?
How should the US attack N. Korea? Why and why not?
Why doesn't the West mind its own business when it comes to North Korea?
What can Israel and its supporters do to counter the lies, distortion and hatred it faces continuously in the press, media and on university campuses?
Do Chinese people today regret Mao's 'appeasement' of India given that India today is neither friendly nor sympathetic towards China's interest?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
Why was Serbia responsible for the Kosovo War?
Can and will Singapore in the future become an ally of China like the UK is to the USA?
Is India turning into another Pakistan under Modi?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
Would you agree that during the Cold War, the UK was the 3rd most powerful country in the world after the two superpowers i.e. the US and the USSR?
Is China creating a misunderstanding between the Nepalese and Bihari people in Nepal to hamper Indo-Nepalese relations?
Approximately how much of the 110 billion dollar arms deal with Saudi Arabia will trickle down to working class Americans?
Is China colonizing Africa?
Will America help Biafra?
Are the protests and unrest now in Venezuela due to external influence?
Is it possible for the nation to one day become bipartisan again?
What are your views on India now straining China through Russia to get into the NSG?
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is the United States prone to deadly terrorist attack?
Is it possible to apply for a Master’s in International Relations if I have a B.A. in American Cultural Studies?
Why is there an historical precedent for the Palestine government repeatedly turning down two-state solutions?
If WWIII occurs, where will it originate?
What happened in old Tibet before China invaded Tibet?
Will Xi Jin Ping be able to respond if Modi's India invades Tibet?
Why can’t we just nuke North Korea?
Instead of attacking ISIS, why doesn’t the world sanction them?
What were the diplomatic repercussions for the United States after it withdrew from the Kyoto protocol?
What would be done if a country decided to colonize Antarctica, disregarding the Antarctic Treaty?
Will Russia punish India heavily and dump them if India becomes and ally of USA?
What has happened to all the birds in the USA? I have recently undertaken a road trip across the USA and it's like something out of Apocalypse Now.
Why is the U.S. the only country in the world that cannot be sanctioned?
Why did America invade libya?
Which country does India fear the most and why?
Do countries sell weapons?
If Saudi Arabia invaded Syria instead of Yemen, would they be successful?
What would happen to the Philippines if EU imposed economic sanctions on it?
Why did God only appear in the Middle East and favor the Jews? There must have been more people living in China and India at the same time.
Will the China-Pakistan relationship end up like the India-Bhutan relationship because of CPEC?
How can the United States prevent China from surpassing it economically and militarily?
As per the current scenario, are we going to see an Indo-Pakistan war in the near future?
Do you want to reunite the USSR again?
How do democracies declare war?
Why doesn't China act as the protector of Vietnam anymore, but instead bullies them?
Why is Palestine not a country?
Will the world do the best about the crisis in Syria?
Why can't Chinese citizens just be happy with being a century-defining superpower, and let Taiwanese be happy as a small, stable independent island?
Why did India help Sri Lanka to end its civil war given that they helped Pakistan in 1971?
What if the government of the US is fake and in each of the wars of the past 100 years America was on the wrong side of each conflict. How would Americans view this?
How much force can a traveling foreign power respond with, if attacked while visiting another nation?
What future events will there be, in India-Israel relations?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Why has India been jealous of Bangladesh who attracted huge FDI to Bangladesh from China?
How is Iran going to deal with Pak terror?
Who is more important to Great Britain, the United States or the European Union?
How can a successful ceasefire be implemented between Ukraine and Russia?
How is international cooperation measured?
Why hasn't the Sino-Russian relationship been that good?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
What would happen if all of the continents declared war with each other with no nuclear weapons used?
Would Islamic terrorism in non-Islamic countries stop if Russia and NATO left the Middle East (including Israel)?
To what extent does Saudi Arabia support Pakistan or the Kashmiris on the Kashmir issue?
If the US lost a non-nuclear world war to Russia and China, how powerful would Russia and China become after the war?
Why doesn't the U.K. invade other countries anymore?
Was the Operation Iraqi Freedom a disingenuous expenditure of American military might, given that the US and NATO provided them w/chembio weapons?
If Indonesia was attacked by NATO right now, which country would help Indonesia first?
What is more dangerous for a country, corruption or terrorism? How are these two terms related to each other?
Why doesn't America establish a better relationship with Russia to have more cards to play when it deals with China?
Is America going to invade Iran for its Israeli and Saudi masters like it did with Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan?
How will Trump's first foreign trip shape US diplomacy? How will his trip shape US foreign policy?
In the 1965 Indo-Pak War, India captured Pakistan territory almost to Lahore. Why did they give it back to Pakistan?
What if America went to war with itself?
What is the social situation in Syria?
After hearing president Moon's comment on North Korea, do you think there is going to be a war?
How has Iran used the returned money from the US so far?
Is China putting the same threats to Pakistan as the East India Company had on the sub-continent?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Are Democrats deliberately pushing the US towards a war with Russia and China at the same time to make sure that the US loses and they can blame Trump for it?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
How is the caviar market in the Middle East? What countries are importing it the most?
Seeing the honor bestowed upon POTUS Trump by the Saudi government, do Americans feel proud that the USA has once again become great in the world?
Should the World’s nations sue the USA and NSA for developing such a deadly e-virus, i.e. ransomware/Wannacry?
What would happen if democratic countries decide to trade only with each other?
Does China accept Middle East refugees?
Why does North Korea keep firing missiles into the Pacific rather than north over the poles like Russia?
Which country is igniting tension between India and Pakistan? Why?
How do sanctions impact foreign companies in the host country?
What is the difference between hypocrisy and diplomacy?
I would really like to donate money for humanitarian efforts in Syria. Which are the organizations that are genuinely helping civilians in Syria?
How many forces are battling in Syria, what are they and who are backing them up?
Why has China got such a thin strip of land (mostly river) between Russia and Korea?
Why did Bahlul Lodi invade Kalpi?
Which country should Nepal trust more, India or China?
How can one acquire territory and establish a state from scratch?
Why is North Korea attacking us and what does it want from it?
War and democracy have created a large number of refugees in ME countries. Why do Indians believe that FDI to India will make India a refugee country?
What roles did Saudi Arabia and Israel play ahead of the Iraq War?
What would be the monetary and IR impact on India, if it withdraws from UN in case it is not accorded a seat in the security council?
What effect did the United States’ policy have on the Soviet Union’s war in Afghanistan, and why did Soviet troops finally withdraw from Afghanistan in 1989?
Can Egypt become a regional superpower?
Did more countries unite or disintegrate in the last century?
Is it true that veto power was first offered to India but Nehru refused and handed it over to China?
What is the actual conflict in Syria?
How I can find free national and international seminars/conferences related to social science?
How would the world react if Australia suddenly gets invaded and attacked?
Why is China in so many trade organizations?
In the recent weapons deal with Saudi Arabia, is Saudi Arabia actually paying the U.S. for the weapons or are they paying Lockheed and other companies?
What is the relationship like between Mexico and Israel?
What is it like to battle the Russian military in armed conflict?
Can Russia or China cut the transatlantic internet cable?
What are the chances of a war between North Korea and the US?
Which of the following would be the best place to start a family: Brazil, Canada, an European Union country or the USA?
What would happen if North Korea suddenly declares war on China? How would the world react?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
What do you think about Tibet and China?
How can India become the next China?
What is happening in Syria? Why are the world powers so interested in the ongoing conflict in Syria?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Why do all of these wars have no end, like the war in Korea and Syria?
Why is it that most of India’s neighboring countries (China, Pakistan, Nepal, and Sri Lanka) don’t like India?
Does the USA know that its sanctions on foreign countries affect normal people who have nothing to do with politics?
Why does Russia never become developed like USA?
Wasn't the act of Chinese jets flying inverted against US military aircraft or “pulling a Chinese Top Gun” the ultimate insult to Americans?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
How can we analyse the impacts of Chinese diplomatic relations on Sri Lanka's economy?
What would happen if China forced Vietnam to stop having relations with Taiwan?
Does it make sense for Scotland to leave Britain to regain its sovereignty only to give up that sovereignty again to the EU?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
If the whole of North Korea today is suddenly moved to the 15th century, will it be able to dominate the world?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
Is global warming happening right now?
With foreign investors buying up U.S. infrastructure, isn't it a matter of time before Americans are at the mercy of foreign oligarchs?
What is behind the obsession people have with the relationship the US has with Russia?
Why do people who think the Iraq war was wrong want the USA to get involved in Syria?
Is the THAAD system included in Trump's new arms deal with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Just because India funded terrorists in Sri Lanka for 30 years, isn't it wrong of Pakistan to try to do the same against India?
Which is most rogue nation in today's world?
In what fields can we say that "Pakistan Is The First to… "?
If war breaks out in North Korea, would it be helpful for me to volunteer with an aid organization?
What will happen if India attacks on Pakistan this time? Will China joins with Pakistan against India because of CPEC?
What country was the most powerful at its height?
The ultimate nightmare scenario for India is a two-front war. Would China attack India for Arunachal Pradesh while India is at war with Pakistan?
What is the nuclear threat of North Korea to the world especially the US, South Korea as well as Japan?
How can the gas attack in Syria affect us today?
Do you think the prevalent attitude of "only Chinese can criticize China" will ultimately hurt China?
Why doesn't the United States contribute UN peacekeepers?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Why is China supporting dreaded terrorists?
What are some principles for better American foreign policy?
What are some major changes in Foreign policies made by Indian government after Brexit?
Why does North Korea hate Japan?
How has the British establishment's attitude towards Russia changed since the end of the Cold War?
Why do people look down on Americans for having a limited world view when most of them don't truly understand American culture?
Does China have an innovation problem because it copies a lot of foreign stuff?
Can Syrian rebels build on their Damascus attack?
If a war happens with India, and Pakistan divided into three countries, what will China do to get back their money incurred in CPCE?
Why did India boycott the 19th SAARC summit in Pakistan and make SAARC fall apart?
What is the long term implication of development of Pakistan by China? Would it in anyway benefit India?
What would happen if all countries in the world acted like your home country?
Did Ancient Greece have “relationships” with other countries? If they did, then with whom and what did they have in the “relationships”?
What is the reason behind Pakistan's loss in ICJ? Was our lawyer given all the details by the military court of Pakistan?
Tensions continue to rise in NK, the USA, & Russia. Could World War 3 happen soon? Would Russia & NK launch nukes before the U.S. military arrived?
What would Pakistan gain by giving India the most favored nation status?
If Israel helps India in case of a war, will Iran support India knowing that the two countries are not on the same rope?
How do I summarise India's relation with Asian countries as well as western countries or simply West?
How will USA-Mexico relations be in 10 years?
Is Saudi Arabia really as bad in human rights as the media says?
How special drawing rights are applied to settle financial disputes within the context of an international agreement or convention?
What would happen if the United States stopped treating Saudi Arabia like a close ally?
If Ukraine had decided to sign cooperation treaties with both the EU and Eurasian Economic Union, would the Maidan have never happened?
What's to prevent North Korea from putting an intermediate range missile on a ship, sneaking closer to the US and launching from just offshore?
Why does the map of India include P.O.K. (Pakistan-occupied Kashmir)?
Did North Korea once ask for its confiscated counterfeit US currency back?
Why are Cambodian monks hostile to Vietnam?
Is a real war likely to break out between North Korea and the USA? Who would be the first one to provoke it?
Why do most heads of state go to Israel’s Wailing Wall?
How is one country superior to other country in science and technology?
Why is it like USA is the ruler of world and no one stops them whatever they do not even the UN? Isn't it unfair for all the other nations?
Despite China's invitation, why did India refuse to attend the OBOR meeting?
Why did China never recover Taiwan?
Why do countries in the surrounding regions don't receive as much refugees as Myanmar?
Which countries will emerge as superpowers in 3-4 decades?
What do we need to do to make the Middle East stable and peaceful and minimalise terrorism?
Why isn’t India a part of the G-8 (Group of 8) council?
Is there a chance that the USA in the future may break into multiple sovereign countries?
Who is the highest authority at SAARC?
What was the evolution of United Nations?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
Is Trump's 110 billion dollar deal with Saudi Arabia anti-America?
How do I develop my country (India) to be a superpower like Pakistan?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Will world prices be regulated by China?
Who has better relations with Israel, India or Pakistan?
What if Pakistan remained adamant even after the ICJ ruling?
Why is no one doing something about the Syria crisis?
What are diplomatic procedures?
How badly is Hirohito hated in China?
Why does Merkel threaten to withdraw troops from Turkey?
What's the best way to explain in 5 minutes or less why people protest to show support for Palestine and why they are right?
Who does the world support, India or Pakistan?
What did the USA spend their money on the Cold War?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
Why doesn't China consider the concerns of Indian sovereignty regarding OBOR and CPEC in particular?
How many of you have heard of the Conflict Research Group International?
Has the issue between Kosovo and Serbia been solved?
How would you change the world if you had superpower?
Can the US President unilaterally pull out of NATO?
What is the biggest hoax you've ever heard about CPEC?
Why is India becoming more prone to events in the US, nowadays?
Was the US the bad guys in the invasion of Iraq?
What type of relationship does Pakistan have with Russia? Is there any chance Russia will back bite India during a war with Pakistan?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
Is having Alaska beneficial in any way to the USA?
Why is the Trump Administration not bombing the gas chambers in Syria? It appears that the USA is more concerned with N. Korea?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK many times?
Why does the USA and Europe care so much about Crimea, if it’s very clear Crimeans want to be a part of Russia?
What would be the most likely outcome if the U.S. decided not to pay its debt back to China? Would there be a war?
What happens if all countries become borderless?
Why was aid an important part of United States-Vietnam relations?
Are threat from SJW are the real deal?
Who would go to war with Russia and China against the US?
Is there a chance that the USA and Australia will combine their two nations into one super nation in the next few decades?
What is a general relationship between Sweden and Finland in terms of sport competition?
How many countries’ names begin with the word “The”?
How can territorial disputes be best resolved?
What would happen to China if Manchuria seceded?
Does China have the capability to defend its territory from North Korea's missiles and nuclear weapons?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
How was the Luso-Dutch War and which country was stronger?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Is North Korea generally respectful towards foreign tourists?
At summits like G7, do all the delegates stay in the same hotel?
Will China and Russia co-develop a Boeing 757 replacement?
Are there any countries that would like to unite voluntarily for economic or historical reasons? Like Germany or Korea?
While looking at current geopolitical scenarios all over the world, World War 3 looks imminent. What are your views?
What are the adverse affects of the CPEC for Pakistan?
In case of a KSA-Iran war, what would be India's stance?
Is the IHL applied in Syria?
Do Iranians support an aggressive nationalistic approach in foreign policy?
Can a nuke hit Canada?
Why do people of North Korea not migrate to another country?
How democratic is China?
Is Australia abandoning Timor Leste?
Should I be really worried about North Korea?
Is the case in Syria need a foreign intervention?
North Korea launched another ballistic missile, its 17th this year. Do you think the new South Korean president is a bit weak in handling Kim Jong Un?
Will Iraq wipe out ISIS for good?
What were the similarities regarding China's and Japan's policy toward westerners?
What would be the impact of the extremely hostile Philippine-China relations on the local ‘Chinoy’ community, especially the wealthy ones?
How would the US react in a scenario where Russia got fed up with North Korea and decided to annex it to end the hassle once and for all?
How many people in India would like a friendship to develop with Pakistan despite the political tension between the two neighbours?
What would Russia do to Ukraine after their war?
Why does America always try to be the policeman in the world? Why do they give away so much aid to other countries? What is their end game?
Why is there still a border issue between Pakistan and India?
What would happen if China started total war with Taiwan?
If North Korea launched a missile with a nuclear warhead at the USA, what would the US do?
Has China ever been a first-rate nation?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
Will China and India ever be at peace?
Can one country tell another what its environmental regulations should be?
Will India's current attitude towards its neighbouring country, China, actually benefit India in the long run?
Why is Russia worried about India's plans to develop nuclear technology indigenously?
In your opinion, what would be the perfect country?
Does India have diplomatic relationship with North Korea?
How many Sunni civilians were filmed being killed by "US led liberators" in Iraq?
How would the world react if Pakistan goes full National Socialist?
How do Americans, generally speaking, view Iran and Turkey?
Is the Silk Road Project just a ploy by China to internationalize RMB and loot the resource-rich but badly-governed Central Asian “-stan” nations?
If every country in the world banded together to invade China and North Korea, how would it turn out and what would the aftermath be?
Is Pakistan going blindly about its engagement with China in CPEC?
Why is India so jealous of the China-Pakistan friendship and scared of CPEC?
Why is it too much to ask for peace? Why is Syria meant to be bombed? Why are Somalian kids destined for starvation?
Why doesn't the Turkish Army support the Azeris of Iran to gain independence?
Was there anything wrong with Trump's diplomacy in Saudi Arabia?
Like Indian LTTE terrorists in Sri Lanka, should India fund some terrorists in Pakistan to make it impossible for China & Pakistan to implement CPEC?
When and how may a diplomat be deemed a persona non grata?
Can the UN Security Council be amended to represent the interests of all countries?
Can Turkey negotiate with Russia and the EU to invade Syria and take back land that was once part of the Ottoman Empire to end the Syrian Conflict?
How has North Korea changed socially since the fall of the USSR?
What is the best country for a 24-year-old guy from Kenya with a Master’s degree in international relations?
What is stopping disillusioned citizens from claiming land in the country and forming their own prosperous nation-states?
Why don't we go in guns blazing and take out North Korea?
How great of an impact would aggressive military action by Iran or North Korea have on the world economy?
How did the USA become a superpower? Is it healthy to have just one superpower in the world?
Is AIIB threatened without India's participation in OBOR?
What is the base of Indian foreign policy?
Why is Jerusalem disputed territory?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind horrific airstrikes in Syria and Iraq that is killing hundreds of civilians everyday?
What's the prognosis of bilateral hydronephrosis related to UPJ obstruction?
Do you think Putin will use Snowden as a bargaining chip?
China annexed Tibet and Aksai Chin but not Bhutan. Why?
Why did Albania join NATO?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir issue Modi and Sharif can come up with without angering both countries' populations?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
Will the Indo-Canadians support Canada in the event war breaks out between India and Canada?
What is the role of the president in South Korea?
Who is providing weapons to ISIS?
Why is Japan so excited and expecting the US and North Korea to have a nuclear war?
What is the composition of the General Assembly, the Security Council, and the International Court of Justice?
Why are China and India enemies?
How did Yamamoto justify a preemptive strike on the US?
Why doesn't India propose an India-Nepal-China Economic Corridor and ask China to give up CPEC?
Why isn't the world one country and united?
What is Germany's views and diplomatic stance on the War in Donbass?
Is Syria a victim of a new cold war? If so, what is the United Nations doing about it?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
Why would the West use democracy as weapon to invoke civil wars on supposedly peaceful Middle East countries such as Libya?
Do people realize the ongoing Machiavellian War to take over the United States from B.R.I.C., Brazil Russia India and China?
How safe is it for a white person to be in Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, in a non tourist area?
Is “People's Republic of China” a republic or not?
How serious is the US about supporting India as a partner?
What would happen if the USA and North Korea had a nuclear war?
The United States always invades other countries. Is it more immature for US politicians in dealing with international affairs?
Why is every international institution against Pakistan?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
Will Trump lead the US into a war against Iran, given the desires of both Israel and Saudi Arabia?
Which country belong Kahsmir…India or Pakistan?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK?
Why do we discuss Pakistan so much when China is the real competition?
Can China feed the world?
Was Falkland war a public opinion diversion from a very big war exactly the same time in Middle East?
If Iran was asked to chose between Pakistan and India which one will it side with?
Why has Xi Jinping failed to deliver the promised reforms?
Why did India choose to openly condemn China's One Belt One Road initiative?
With Xi Jinping at the front of Chinese leadership, how does the promise to return to China’s glory days affect the region and the world?
What if NATO declares war against China?
What are you views on recent news about scrapping of Joint Indo-Russian project to develop Aircraft?
Have you considered investing in the Ukraine since they are becoming part of the EU?
Has India ever tried to return India-occupied Nepalese territories back to Nepal since its creation in 1947?
What is the difference between the LOC and LAC line of actual control between India and Pakistan (with historic explanation)?
Why did Syria put landmines in the Golan Heights?
Will CPEC make Pakistan stronger than India?
Have the EU processes been updated to accomodate the growing number of members?
Why are the world community, the intentional media and the UN keeping silent towards what’s happening to the Muslim minority in Myanmar?
Why can't China be a super power?
If the Maduro regime collapses, what might happen next in Venezuela?
Should the United States increase economic, diplomatic, and/or military pressure on Russia?
Can the US, Pakistan and China join together, wage war against India and dismantle it?
Would it be beneficial for India to conquer Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, and Maldieves for economic and territorial gains? If yes, how much time would it take for the Indian army to accomplish this?
What happens if China and Taiwan switch places?
Which country would be easier for US to invade, Pakistan or Saudi Arabia?
How is India not friendly to Pakistan?
Is the North Korean political leadership solely responsible for the Korean peninsular’s woes?
Is there anything Donald Trump can do to get Mexico to crack down hard on its drugs besides the wall?
What countries produce and sell weapons to other nations?
Does the US execute spies like China continues to do?
Which country has the best chance of holding out for a year against a NATO invasion?
What is the reason behind Pakistan releasing a fake video of them destroying Indian bunkers? Was it really necessary?
What are the odds that Saudi Arabia will become a more liberal country in the near future?
Why did the US say that we don't get involved in Middle Eastern affairs when Saddam Hussein asked for help?
How can India tackle China's OROB project?
Is a foreign ground invasion of the United States possible and could it ever happen realistically in a war?
Why is the United Nations called ''united nations” and not “united countries”?
Is Project 09852 of the Russian Navy for real? If so, do the West and NATO have countermeasures in place?
What factors make countries allies with each other? What factors make countries enemies with each other?
Will Iran ultimately take over the entire Middle East as feared by the Saudis and other Arabs?
Should Israel intervene on behalf of Trump if the US deep state wants to impeach him?
In a Russian-US war (no allies), would the Russian winter hinder the US War Machine?
Is Pakistan snubbed globally?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
How much of our total defense budget is actually spent on NATO?
What is the cause behind the conflict between US and North Korea?
Why did Sweden drop the Julian Assange rape investigation?
What is the most noteworthy cooperation between countries in ASEAN?
How will the Arab countries react when no one needs their oil anymore?
Why does India give permission to the Pakistani embassy in Delhi to celebrate their Pakistan Day every year?
Which nation has a better relationship with India, China or Russia?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
How many American jobs will be created by the $350 billion Saudi arms deal?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
How does Canada view its relationship with the UK and also the Commonwealth?
Does the Syrian case need foreign intervention?
Should Israel now recognize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia now that President Trump is pal with both countries?
Why do many individuals on Quora have such a negative/ grim view of the United States?
Nepal is declared a secular state. Are you satisfied with this declaration? Why or why not?
On what basis Pakistan shows so much courage to India, knowing India can ruin them easily?
Can India annex Tibet? If yes, how?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
Is it possible for India to become a superpower in the next 6-7 years?
How did Pakistan manage to develop close relations with US and China?
Why is the UN/US/UK supporting Saudi Arabia despite their war crimes in Yemen? Is it all because this war benefits the US/UK financially via arm deals?
Why does the USA oppose North Korea's nuclear weapons when the country itself has 7000+ of them?
Are Russians as afraid of the US as the Americans are afraid of Russia?
Why does Russia play war better than anyone else?
Why would Russia be worried if India halted development of the Kudankulam 5 and 6 reactors?
How can India defend against China with a defence budget of just 56 billion USD while China has a defence budget that is 5 times higher than that?
What could we do to make Iraq a better country?
Why doesn't Russia attack Poland again to teach Poland a lesson?
Does it work in America's best interest if businesses generate revenue in America and invest their profits in other countries?
Why did China lost the “Chola war” against India in 1967?
Is China taking over Pakistan for their women?
How safe is the USA? Is it the same as Pakistan? How terrible is the fight between blacks and whites? What steps has the USA's police taken in this matter?
What regional organisations and regional agreements is North Korea a part of?
Is the US preparing to attack North Korea?
Why does the US hate Iran?
Why is the US after Islamic Nations -Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq and now Syria? Are the women and innocent children dying in the attacks also terrorists?
Which allied country does the USA trust the least between Japan, Israel, France, Australia, and the UK?
If Russia launches an invasion of Europe now, how far do you think their forces would make it before NATO stood their ground?
Should Trump invade North Korea?
Like the USA has become a country of white immigrants, will Tibet become unquestionably Chinese if the Chinese rule over it for long enough?
How can one get to Tibet illegaly from India?
What would the world be like if NATO and countries allied with Russia and China got along?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
If North Korea had to fight Cuba back in the day during the Bay of Pigs, who would win, North Korea or Cuba?
What are the odds that Donald Trump will order a military attack of any kind on North Korea?
What if Russia used its S400, S300 and S200 missile defense systems to protect Syria against attacks from the US-led coalition?
Why did India never colonize Pakistan but China colonized Vietnam?
So far, Trump has called Arab nations to put pressure on Iran’s nuclear program. What are your thoughts on this?
Are there Tatars in Crimea who side with the Russian policies in the peninsula? If so, what is, roughly, their percentage?
Is it ethical to attack and destroy an entire nation to get one man?
What do you think of President Trump's arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
Is China playing with fire by trying to test the mettle of the US Navy in the South China Sea?
How has Pakistan's dream of making Afghanistan it's sixth province failed miserably?
Will the world ever have a war if America views China as a threat because China's neighbors are scared of China's presence in Asia?
Will the United States launch a war against OBOR countries to stop the economic development of Asian countries?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
What happens if the sitting president of the USA turn out to be a traitor and Russia launches their nuke?
Does the 1962 Simla agreement supersede the UN resolution? What should we examine for the Kashmir dispute solution?
Which countries have the best work-life balance for young adults starting their career?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Could all the UN nation states that have nukes blow North Korea off the map?
Why do India sell Electricity to Pakistan?
Will the USA ever nuke Pakistan or Iran with MOAB?
Is it true that China didn't pressure Nepal to buy anti-aircraft guns in 1989 because the entirety of Nepal already falls within China's AA guns range?
Is it true when CNN reports that North Korea’s missile went 620 miles high?
What is the relationship like between Kushner and Bannon?
Do you think ISIS will ever be a problem for Mexico or China if ISIS spreads throughout all continents like a plauge?
Why has India lost the textile business to Bangladesh?
Why doesn't the USA switch to residence based taxation like the rest of the world uses?
Could America, Russia, and China work together?
Why are America and Israel jealous of the Pak-China friendship and CPEC project?
Will Serbia, Ukraine or Belarus ever join NATO?
Will Turkey and Mongolia successfully join ASEAN?
Why are nations bunched up in coalitions of alliances now instead of singular alliances between each other? Is this to ensure global peace?
What do people in Iran think of the Israeli state as a whole?
Is China ready to accommodate the people of the world?
What would China's reaction be to Mongolia if they industrialized as China has?
Can the Chinese and the Russians project their military power across the globe? If yes, which one does it better?
Why did China not even extend an invitation to the Singaporean PM to attend the recently held Belt and Road forum?
Do Iranian Azerbaijanis want the Republic of Azerbaijan to become part of Iran?
Do you think the sword dance in Saudi Arabia that Trump partook in is a precursor for a coming war with Iran, given the historical purpose of such a dance?
Have any Indian Muslims seen a person in India who support terrorist Organizations like ISIS, Al Qaeda, Indian Mujahideen, Naxals, LTTE, Maoist, etc?
Why do we view an attack on Britain or the U.S. as a terrorist act but not the U.S. bombing other countries?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
If Lata, Asha, Amitabh and Schin make goodwill visits to Pakistan at its government's official invitation, will it reduce the nuclear threat in South Asia?
Why do some people believe North Korea is not a bad country?
Does the fact that India is nonaligned increase or decrease the chances of foreign countries invading India, should civil war break out?
How can relations between India and Pakistan be normalized to make them focus on their development?
Do you think it’s important to have a good relationship with one’s neighbors?
How will the Indian economy be impacted if a preemptive nuclear strike at Pakistan is done with no army operations, destroying all their nuclear capability by revoking NFU?
Were the Tatars who came back to Crimea, after spending several generations in places like Uzbekistan, given Russian citizenship now?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
Is there a solution to the never-ending Indo-Pakistan crisis?
Why has India failed to prevent Nepal from joining connectivity with China through OBOR projects?
What are the things in which Russia outsmarts the USA?
Why didn’t Baahubali 1 do well in China?
What are effective international regimes and mechanisms which suit all member states?
Isn't it high time for the U.S. to invade Cuba and finally annex it?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
Who discovered the United States, and why did they leave Canada alone?
What max can happen to our economy if conducts a preemptive nuclear strike at Pak with no military use, destroying all its nucleary use?
How does one compare the China Pakistan Economic Corridor and the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project?
Will the relations with the US and NK ever get better or worse?
Who runs Pakistan, the government, the army, ISI, or China indirectly?
How would recognising Taiwan as an independent state affect Mainland China?
When was Portugal closer to annex Galicia?
Is China-Pakistan relationship slowly but surely becoming like that of India-Bhutan? Will Pakistan become a Chinese colony because of CPEC?
Can India become a permanent member of the UNSC if it manages to make more than 2K nukes in the next 5 years?
Which countries can the UK invade?
Would Albania or Montenegro be backed by the West in a potential conflict?
How would Israel act if Egypt/Saudi Arabia started building a nuclear reactor claiming it's for defense/deterrence purposes same as what Israel claim?
How could we analyse the India-China relations in the present geopolitical and geostrategic scenario of global politics?
What are the main goals of foreign policy of states, and what are the factors which influence its making and implementation?
Would NATO countries or Russia and China refuse to help an ally that is on a suicidal war mission? Would allies see getting bombed as a no deal?
Which country is worse: Venezuela or North Korea?
What's the closest US city to North Korea?
Was the US’s war against Iraq beneficial to the Saudis?
Was the $110-billion arms deal made with Saudi Arabia to attack Iran and destabilize the Middle East completely?
Why is Pakistan called "terror university" by some people in India?
Who was the Chinese president who renamed the country the People’s Republic of China?
Is there any career for someone who is very interested in international diplomacy?
Is India now the most populous country in the world? How long before India overtakes the USA & China in GDP as well & become a superpower?
What should Pakistan do to strengthen friendly relations with India? What should it do to form a warm and peaceful environment with India?
Why doesn't China invade a stupid country like Pakistan instead of investing billions?
After the Riyadh Summit, when should we expect a fully-fledged war on Iran?
Why has the European Union not succeeded in becoming a stable & powerful single global player?
Trump denies Comey’s allegations. Was there collusion with Russia?
How did the geography affect the Ancient Middle East's economy?
What will happen in a full-scale nuclear war?
Why can't India become as feared as Israel?
When other countries declare their independence, how do Western nations come to the final decision to recognize it as being legitimate or not?
What does Saudi Arabia expect to get in return for its $20 billion dollar "investment" in US infrastructure?
With Trump, it looks like the fall of the US has begun, will this vacuum bring Russia, China and countries like India in the forefront?
How do you feel about the arms deal Trump made with Saudi Arabia?
Can an average citizen of a country put a case in the international court of justice against his/her own country?
Why don't the EU countries have a powerful military?
Is Pakistan the son or brother of India, because Pakistan is derived from Indian territory?
Would the United States go to war over Israel?
If China tried to attack Pakistan, would India send its forces to defend Pakistan?
Theoretically, if Indonesia were to invade Australia without America’s nuclear umbrella or support, what would happen?
Will this North Korea thing blow over?
Is it possible for NAFTA to transform into an EU style agreement?
Why does Iran not support India directly in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case?
What do Baloch people think of Pakistan?
Why has India become a “banana republic” and a puppet state of the USA?
Why does the US care about the Middle East so much?
If China is atheist, why do they claim that the LGBT community has no rights?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
What do other countries think of America?
If North Korea bombed South Korea with nuclear weapons accidentally or on purpose, would it not impact North Korea as well?
What are the main causes of Pak and Afghan boundary tensions?
While ISIS is undoubtedly more dangerous than Al-Qaeda at the moment, aren't they also much easier to fight against than most other terrorist groups?
Why does the west dislike Russia?
If Pakistan invades Kashmir, which countries would support India, and which would support Pakistan? Who would win?
What is the political situation in Syria?
What is brand proliferation?
Do you expect NATO to engage in a major war conflict in the near future? Who could be the adversary? What could be the purposes of such engagement?
If the Kurdish referendum for independence succeeds in Iraq, and Turkey says no and invades, what can the US do, considering that Turkey is in NATO?
On the same weekend as the record-breaking arms deal, the Saudis announced a $100 million donation to the Ivanka fund. What do you think?
If India has a strong navy, and China is trying to become the superpower of Asia, will India and the USA stop China?
How would our world be if there were no countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia on the world map?
Did we recover the missiles launched by North Korea?
Who is a greater threat to Western hegemony, China or Russia?
Why did the Pakistani lawyer wear a wig in ICJ on Kulbhushan Jadhav's case?
Will it not be good for India if China is able to colonize Pakistan through CPEC, atleast it will be able to eliminate terrorism nurtured by Pakistan?
How do modern warships plan to defend themselves against Russia's and Iran's supersonic torpedos?
What is the real objective of forming a grand alliance of Muslim countries’ armies? To fight ISIS or to contain Iran?
Why doesn't Afghanistan invade Pakistan?
What are the steps that Indian government should take so that Kashmiris feel more Indian?
Has Pakistan given anything useful to the world?
What will be the pros and cons if all the countries and continents are merged and become one single country?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
How can terrorism be nullified if it is solely based on revenge and not on religion?
How would the economy be affected if your richest states become sovereign states?
Is having good relations with everyone desirable?
What is universally considered the least hated country? What about the most?
Are Russia and the US enemies?
Why doesn’t India invade Bangladesh?
After the diplomatic and military failures in Afghanistan, Iraq, North Africa, Syria, Ukraine and Black Sea, what should be the US/Pentagon strategy?
When will India show its might to Pakistan?
Are NATO countries not paying their fair share into the NATO pot?
Why is Iran dangerous from a western point of view?
What would happen if Turkey started expanding into the middle east?
What made you interested in following Iran news?
Who's the bigger monster, ISIS or Assad?
Can you envision a future where Bangladesh, India and Pakistan become united as one country?
What if there will be a Cyber War between countries, who will be the top 5 countries?
Why hasn't the UN created a standing military where all citizens of member nations can join (like the real version of Halo UNSC, but in real life)?
Why does Pakistan beg for talks with India?
Will Kulbhushan Jadhav’s hanging result in a war between India and Pakistan?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
How are the placements in the Asia Pacific region?
If India has to declare war against Pakistan, then who will declare war? Would it be the IT Indian Army Chief or the Prime Minister of India?
What would happen if France left NATO?
What is the history of western intervention in Iraq if any?
Will China complete the economic corridor with Pakistan, passing through POK?
Why is India trying to deepen her relations with both Israel and Palestine? Do you think that would make either side skeptical of India?
Is it possible for a country to nuke another​ country​ with no one knowing that they did it?
Do some Germans and Europeans experience schadenfreude when observing American military power and the problems it brings the USA?
What is the main reason that terrorism in the Middle East has been aimed against Westerners?
What is the significance of the news that Pakistan has declared all their forward air bases operational?
Why does the whole world despise Pakistan?
Why is the USA holding off against evacuating South Korea and using special forces to incapacitate North Korea? It doesn't seem logical.
Why does Turkey have a good relationship with the United States and Israel, when both of them actively support and arm the Kurds?
Which colleges in Pune offer M.A. in international relations?
Why is Modi government’s spoiling the relationship with Russia by threatening them to convince China for NSG membership?
How are America's traditional allies adjusting to the instability and uncertainty of the current administration?
Which country is the biggest obstacle for India in getting the "power of veto" (in the United Nations)?
Can Russia, China and Pakistan nuke the USA and NATO?
What countries must ally together to take the whole of Russia?
Why don't Canada have diplomatic relation with Iran?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind Deir ez-Zor and Albu Kamal in Syria and Iraq that killed dozen of innocent civilians in the last two days?
With the Manchester attack, should malls and other highly attended public areas in the United States install bomb and/or metal detecting machines?
Why is the US not revealing the countries behind the horrific airstrike in Albu Kamal that killed over 60 civilians?
What is the relationship between Croatia and Israel?
If Trump were to order a nuclear strike on North Korea, what would it do to his popularity?
If one day Pakistan forms an alliance with America against China, will China punish Pakistan like it did to Vietnam?
What country has the most advanced military in the Middle East?
Why did India not join China's OBOR despite needing $1 trillion to upgrade it's infrastructure?
What is the perception of other countries about Pakistan and India?
What is some common interests and disagreements between North Korea and China and North Korea and Russia?
Which country wants to take land from Vietnam, China or the US?
What do you think should be done in regards to North Korea?
Should Scandinavia unite as a single nation? Would they be successful?
What should other countries do about the horrible situation that now exists in Venezuela?
Is it possible for India to stop all trade with China?
How is the IDF still more powerful than Saudi Arabia?
What countries are not sovereign states?
What is it like to study for an M.A. in international relations at SAU?
Will NATO countries and other American allies restrict US access to intelligence information, as President Trump is perceived as a security risk?
What does the average American think about Saudi Arabia and the fact that the USA is protecting a radical Islamic kingdom?
Generally, do you approve or disapprove of the efforts of the United States?
Who would be the next Supreme Leader of North Korea?
Is Nepal joining China's BRI a threat to the Indian Madhesi people of Nepal?
Why did Sri Lanka join China's OBOR despite India's reservations?
What are Russia’s and Turkey’s diplomatic relations now? Are they allies?
Why do Kashmiris keep harping on plebiscite when it has only two options - to join India or Pakistan?
Will Saudi Arabia face a credit crisis soon?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
Why does Spotify still not have India's Top 50? Even smaller countries are being covered, but not India.
What exactly are the Russian sanctions?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
How did the creation of Israel create tensions in the Middle East?
Are there any scholarships for students based on the “one road one belt” project in China or any other country?
Has Modi too much attached his foreign policy with US and Israel?
How diverse is your country?
What should India learn from the rise of China?
Why does America support Pakistan, the breeding ground of terrorists?
Do Muslims know that the last time a Muslim country won a war against an infidel country was more than 200 years ago?
Is Pakistan being used as a pawn in the Cold War going on between India and China?
What is the biggest threat to India?
Is Pakistan and American relation coming to an end?
China: Can Pakistan be more developed than India and China by 2050?
Will peace ever be established between Israel and Muslim countries?
How will USA China relations be in the next 10 years?
Does China still view Vietnam as a child country?
Why does India believe that over 130 countries participating with China in the OBOR forum is a security threat to India?
Can India dominate the Kashmir issue if it becomes a permanent UN member?
Why are the USA, India and China struggling to get control over the Indian Ocean?
What is France doing in Mali?
What do people in Iran think of Israel?
Why did Pakistan become a radical Islamic nation?
Chinese company's are investing in the USA for manufacturing but the Chinese government fears there could be a tax war between USA and China. What are some thoughts on this?
Does Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia backing sectarian divide between Sunni and Shia help US firms to sell more weapons?
What are some websites related to the details of the Indochina war?
Does Israel support the kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Why does Morocco want to annex Bechar province in Algeria?
Why did Uzma Ahmed go to Pakistan?
Were Russians in Syria warned about Trump's missile strike?
Can India join the European Union?
How would Putin know if the information Trump shared with Russia was classified?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
What if all Muslims declared war on the rest of the world today?
Who has a more independent foreign policy from the USA between France and the UK?
If the special relationship between the USA and UK ended tomorrow, would the UK still be a world power as they depend heavily on the US for everything?
In terms of the CPEC, has Pakistan started selling itself to China? Moreover, what are Pakistani people’s views on this?
Will humans ever unite?
If Germany had decided not to invade Belgium and busted through the French border, would Britain have eventually joined the Axis?
Will the recent US airstrikes on Syria (18th May) affect the US/Russia relations?
Why does the USA and Russia have way more bombs?
Given that The Hague’s International Court has declared that the contested islands do not belong to China, why does China insist and risk war?
What would happen if the UN became one superstate?
Is Israel blackmailing the US?
What are the legal hurdles for the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) on the international front?
Will India and Israel sign a pact of mutual cooperation in the event of either country getting attacked?
How did employment of the US and soviets impact the rest of the world?
Are civillian army's legal, like the ones in Syria fighting ISIS?
What is International relations as an academic discipline?
Why do many of USA's states have straight borders?
Why is the Arab World more diplomatically successful than Iran?
What are the problems behind recognizing LoC as the international border between India and Pakistan?
Now that Brexit will happen, is the EU better allies with the US than the UK?
What will happen if a country that hosts a US Military Base is invaded?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
Which is a stronger country, Russia or the USA?
Why does Bangladesh hate Pakistan more than any country in the world including India although not Pakistani people?
Are Pakistanis aware of the recent history of Sri Lanka getting a loan from China, and the results of it?
Is it plausible that India's boycott of OBOR could improve its geopolitical standing?
What would happen if the Vatican City declared war on another nation?
Does the UN hire a security company to safeguard its members’ belongings while they are deployed on a mission?
According to Awdhesh Singh, what would be the consequences of a war between India and China?
Do Iranians believe their country should possess nuclear arms?
Can Americans be extradited to India for breaking their map law?
What is the history of India and Russia relation?
Was Pakistan ever richer than India?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
Does Caliphate, supported by other Muslim countries, can turndown this extreme radical Islamic movement (ISIS, Boko haram etc.) all over the world?
What would happen if 11 destroyers from India headed towards the USA?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
How did people manage to communicate with each other by using pigeons? How did they make sure of the pigeons' path to the destination?
What can China and the US do for North Korea in order to achieve peace?
Why doesn't Russia invest or provide aid to Vietnam?
What are your thoughts on India? How can India become a influencing country in the world?
Which two countries hate each other more, India vs Pakistan or China vs Japan?
Why don't Israelis understand that Rivlin is the Head of State and Mrs. Rivlin is First Lady of Israel, while Netanyahu is only the Head of Government?
How did the issue of the Missouri Compromise contribute to the escalation of the conflict between the South States and the Northern States?
What would be India's condition and role in foreign affairs, if Pakistan was still it's part?
Is Sri Lanka dictating foreign policy to India?
Is the Syrian Military majority Sunni as some people like to claim?
Who would win in a war between the British Commonwealth of Nations and the Russian Commonwealth of Independent States?
Is it true that China has abducted India's Sukhoi jet pilot because it flew over Arunachal Pradesh?
Why Pakistan is treated like a dog by Saudi Arabia?
What have KSA, UAE, and Turkey done to help solve the conflict in Syria?
What is it about the US culture that they disrespect the sovereignty of individuals and nations that cannot defend themselves?
Why doesn't the US launch a war toward North Korea like they did in Iraq?
Why does Pakistan always denies whenever they lose any war?
Why don't Sri Lankans try to be happy like Bhutan instead of playing the 'China card'?
What is a non-territorial nation?
When you have a conflict between what you believe in and what makes you pleasant, Is that a hypocrisy? And if it is, is that wrong?
Should India colonize Pakistan?
Why did China leave Arunachal Pradesh when it had conquered it in the 1962 war?
Is America still the greatest nation in the world, why or why not?
How do I avoid the irritation that I get when my country is called an underdeveloped nation by the same nation that looted us?
How is Russia going to react to the recent U.S. airstrike in Syria on May 18?
Who do I contact to join ISIS in India?
Can the Ukrainian Army defeat Russia if it gets all of its military needs from the US?
Why aren’t the USA and Russia stopping global wars?
Can Iran nuke Israel?
Why is USA against North Korea?
Why are liberals mad at Trump sharing intelligence with Russia when we need to fight ISIS together?
Is the U.S. still allied with Israel?
Why doesn’t India nuke the US?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Is Pakistan a valid party to the conflict?
Can China's belt & road initiatives change the regional conflicts into regional prosperity?
Why is it that only 2% of Australians live in the Yellow Area?
Could the US impose sanctions on Turkey, under the Trump administration, if Erdogan is implicated in the Reza Zarrab case?
If ISIS is a part of Iraq then why do they attack Iraq?
Why does India have a high commission instead of an embassy in Pakistan?
Does legitimacy play an important role in the European Union? Where are its strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
Can the disturbances between US and Russia result in World War 3?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Does Donald Trump's very first visit show that Saudi Arabia is the closest puppet of the USA in the Muslim world?
Do other nations enjoy India - Pakistan fight?
Why do all countries need weapons?
Will there be any declaration of war between the USA and North Korea?
Is Trump endangering America by revealing to Russia the potential sources and methods of our allies?
Is it possible for India to go to war with the US?
Why is Pakistan collaborating with China and not India for their nation's development?
Who do you think of as "the leader of the free world" and why?
How is the relationship between Germany and Israel today?
Why does India try hard to break UN-backed international laws to entry NSG without signing NPT?
What are the top 10 countries hostile to China?
How is the bilateral relation between Indonesia and Singapore?
What are the Syrian refugees like in your country? Have you met any?
How can decentralised transparency tackle inequality & human greed?
Is it possible that the OBOR deal between Pakistan and China also involves the support of the Chinese Army along the LoC and PoK?
Is America still the greatest nation in the world, and if not, which is?
What do you think of Mearshimer and the tragedy of great power politics? Is it coherent with India and China and their future?
Why is India not reacting in the same way that Iran threatened to do regarding Pakistan terrorists?
What are the chances of India becoming a permanent member of the Security Council and an NSG member?
Does Russia have plans to invade Finland?
Why does India have no embassies in many countries?
Are we going to see any change in Russian politics?
Why does China demand restraint on North Korea, when in reality they are not under any threat in the slightest?
How safe is Pakistan as a nuclear power?
How will the 110 billion arms deal between the USA and Saudi impact the two nations and the region?
Is it important to take into account protecting Christians in the Middle East when talking about creating an Arab Nato?
Is there a way it could be negotiated to have North Korea absorbed into China since North Korea is so dependant on China?
Will I be accepted at the US border if I've been to Turkey, India and Saudi Arabia the last two years?
Who are the owners of the United States?
What do Sunni Arabs think of the Israeli/Saudi anti-Iran alliance?
Are China and India gonna be big economic competitors for America in the future?
Do you think the Soviet Union was smaller than Russia now?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Are the Syrian secret police any worse than other Middle Eastern regimes?
What would likely be the US Treasury’s take on a $350 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia?
Why is Donald Trump very popular in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Will India bow head to Pakistan?
Should India follow the same protectionist policies as China?
How come the "World Economic Outlook" is published by the IMF and not the World Economic Forum?
Why did the US and Russia become enemies?
If there is a nuclear war between India and Pakistan, and China intervenes to help Pakistan, will America intervene and assist India?
Will we ever have one global government?
Why is the west so opposed to a strong Iran?
What would happen if Pakistan happened to be a strong nation and India was comparatively weaker?
Why not use the influence of Bill Clinton and Bill Richardson to make a deal with North Korea to stop its missile developments?
How can India become a superpower without sufficient toilets?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
How do the main theories of international relations define science?
In the recent meeting of the GST council in Srinagar, was the purpose to give a strong message to Pakistan and China that it is our land?
Should India mount pressure on China with the help of other superpowers?
Pakistan made the right decision regarding the CPEC, which could be beneficial to Pakistan for 100 years. Is this the reason why India has been badmouthing the CPEC?
Is it true that India's FGFA deal might be cancelled because Russians have demanded about 7 billion for ToT?
Recent conflict in Myanmar?
What is the only way China can win an all out war against the US and Japan?
Why did Turkey veto cooperation between NATO and Austria?
Is India careening toward international isolation?
What are the most favourite foods in the Middle East?
Isn't it stupid of the US government to not sell high technology products to China, and then complain about a trade deficit?
Does North Korea really want to attack the US?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How can Pakistan place its flag on Delhi Fort?
Why doesn't the United States engage in an all-out war against ISIS if they are causing so much terror and sadness around the world?
What pollicies would you like your country to have?
Did the free territory of Ukraine work?
Will it help India maintain peace in the world by becoming a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
What will happen if Pakistan goes against the order of the International Court of Justice?
When will China snatch Taiwan right from under the US’s nose?
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Why American friendship with Russia is frowned upon in America despite many other countries being friendly with Russia ?
Why doesn't United Nations poke it's nose in North Korea?
Under which conditions can a country have an embassy in another country?
What was the US warship doing near the Wansha Islands in the South China Sea?
What is the OBOR scheme of China?
How many calls are made between India and Pakistan daily? How many are tracked?
Is ISI a good and trustworthy intelligence agency for Pakistan and other countries interests? Do they support terrorism or do they work against it?
Which countries are enemies of North Korea?
Is the US working with China on OBOR projects by investing in Afghanistan’s infrastructure?
If the US and the USSR came to a peaceful agreement, why can't the US and North Korea do the same thing today?
Should more civilized countries apply sanctions and remove diplomats of countries that punish their citizens for changing religion or being gay?
Is the support that Iran gives for Hezbollah, Syria and others responsible for its economical problems?
How can I help Syria from the UK?
Can Russia coexist with other EU nations? Is the US’ anti-Russian sentiment legitimate or propaganda?
Why did the USA join the League of Nations?
Which are the two different coalitions fighting ISIS in Syria?
What are the best advices for an undergrad student of international relations?
Why do people say that America will lose its status as a superpower? And if it is true, what would happen to the American people?
There are countries that have fences along the sidewalk to prevent car-ramming attacks. After what happened in NYC yesterday, will the USA adopt them?
What would happen if every established country started doing China-like megaprojects?
How long should I wait after submitting an argument piece to the editors of Foreign Policy?
India is opposing CPEC. Is there any advantage to India due to CPEC, like Pakistan stopping sponsoring terrorism​ due to heavy presence of Chinese?
Which country will invade Russia in the future?
What is going to happen, or is happening to the planet right now?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Which IR theory applies to NATO's policy?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
Would EU nations consider Germany a threat when they spend more on their military?
Why did the United States play the largest role in the Nurenberg Trials instead of a joint US-UK-France-USSR trial?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
Is there any type of superpower?
Can China defeat Nepal?
Why did the Chinese fighter jets intercept the US military aircraft over the East China Sea? What did China achieve by doing this?
Could the European Union impose the recognition of gay marriage to all its countries?
Aside from Snowden, who else has Russia given political asylum to in the last 20 years?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
How would you invade Chile?
What would be your summarised view of the ongoing tensions between Palestine and Israel? Are both at fault?
How do I explain the Israel-Palestine conflict to someone in one sentence?
Has India really been interfering in the internal matters of Nepal?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome by the Saudi government compared to Obama?
Why we Indians are so obsessed with Pakistan but we pay very little attention to China? Don't you think we should take China seriously?
If North Korea ever reached the U.S. with a nuke, would Russia and China step aside & let the U.S. destroy North Korea without retaliating in return?
If China invaded the Philippines, would it be like Vietnam again?
What are some possible ways Mainland China and Taiwan can improve their relationship?
What is the problem in Syria?
If you were trusted to invade any country you want, what country would you invade and why?
What are the areas in which India and China can work together?
The US supported the Afghan people against the USSR invasion. Why do they support the totalitarian SA invasion against the Yemen people?
If someday North Korea went to war with the USA, who might be the allies on both sides?
What if I use mercenary and invade a small country like Tuvalu or Bhutan? Can I rule the country then?
Why can a big and strong country have a nuclear weapon, but a small country can’t?
Is USA the united states of Russia?
Why has India been ranked as the most ignorant nation in the world?
If North Korea launched a nuke, what would be the blast radius?
Was there any punitive measure taken against the U.S. by the UN?
What is the root reason for the fight between India and Pakistan?
Does Trump actually have a plan/proposal for the Middle East to put to Israel?
Why is China in the UN security council despite fighting against the UN (and killing many UN soldiers) during the Korean War?
What is your review of Bulgaria's foreign policies during the Balkan Wars?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
How would you tell a war is going to happen within a year in your country?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
Can India's approach to ICJ affect the India-Pakistan Kashmir dispute?
Does Saudi Arabia still black out Israel with a Sharpie on maps and globes displayed within their country?
Which media sources does United Nations recognize for factual bases?
Is collusion by Trump with the Russians a crime?
How is the UN structured to achieve the Charter?
What do you feel is the one thing the United States could or should do to “lead by example” as a world power?
How does the chain of command work under a UN peacekeeping force if multiple nations are involved?
What would happen if India invaded Nepal?
Will ISIS become a state in the future?
How can the USA revive two infrastructure projects in Asia to counter China's?
If one country invades another, what happens to the monetary and financial system? Do people lose their possessions?
If Iran and Pakistan went to war, who's likely to win?
Are neighbouring countries more hostile or more friendly to each other then non-neighbouring countries, on average?
Will China make Pakistan its colony in the future?
What are the barriers to a one-state solution in the Israel and Palestine conflict?
Was the United States right to reject the Treaty of Versailles?
Why do American Presidents bow to the Saudi King?
What are NATO members’ budget obligations?
Was Trump's bizarre meeting with Lavrov and Kislyac in the oval office part of a plot aimed at strengthening Putin's control over US foreign policy?
Under what circumstance have pre-emptive military strikes been justifiable?
Could the US take on every country on Earth in a non-nuclear war and survive?
Do Jerzy Giedroyc's ideas still influence Polish foreign policy?
Is the European Union a signatory of the '1951 Convention Relating the Status of Refugees' and the '1967 Protocol' as a single entity?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
What's the story behind this "new map of the Middle East"?
What are some examples of interventions by the USA in other countries affairs that hasn't been a disaster? Especially military ones.
What would happen to the Philippines if war with China broke out?
What is Israel's vision for the future of Palestine?
What if a country disobeys the verdicts of international court of justice?
Is there a country that has no extradition treaties with anyone?
Why couldn’t the Mughals invade into China like they did in India?
Americans: would you rather support the Kurds in the Middle East or Turkey and why?
Should India go to war with Pakistan, or should we suffer like we did in the past?
Is it possible for the 2 brothers (India and Pakistan) to ever unite in the future?
Which one country is most deserving of a new permanent membership in UNSC with veto and why?
Is it not nonsensical that India & Pakistan claim that they’ve attacked the other while both denying the videos of the other. What the hell is going on, & which is telling the truth?
What are the legacies of China's land reform that can still be felt today?
Why don't we consider the historical contexts of the conflicts that we are involved in, such as those in the Middle East?
Does India fear China and Pakistan?
What do you think about Basuki Tjahaja Purnama a.k.a Ahok about his case? What's PBB are for?
What would happen if some Third World nations left UN membership and then created their own organization to express their anti-Western hegemony?
Why is the USA considered a superpower? What makes it a superpower?
Should Afghanistan invade Pakistan's Pashtun majority areas to make them part of Loy Afghanistan?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Are Iran and Syria the only Muslim democracies in the Middle East?
If North Korea nuke Hawaii what would the USA do?
What percentage of the Madhesi people in Nepal also have Indian citizenship?
If North Korea suddenly decided to become a democracy, how long would it take for the world to accept them?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Why didn't the Philippines become a US territory like Okinawa?
What would happen if the US pulls back all of its troops and dollars flowing into Afghanistan?
Many countries on the South China Sea are turning towards the US to back their claims. Would the US really be a trustworthy ally for them?
What would happen if the US and China switched places?
Other than the Palestine issue, are there other issue/s which make the Arab/Muslim world hate Israel so much?
What if China invaded Japan and the USA had no nukes?
Should India embellish its foreign policy, like America for the H1B1 visa issue?
What if The Beatles had defected to North Korea?
What is stopping America from taking over the Third World except America?
Is Trump planning to attack Israel? It seems that he's actually against Israel based on previous events.
In the future, can Vietnam ask China to share its space program?
What do Jordanians think of Pakistan?
Is India getting isolated at the global stage, especially after the recent US elections and China's OBOR project issue?
If North Korea launch a missile would the USA be able to stop it before it hits?
Is Xi Jinping a master and clown in China and why?
Looking back, do Chinese people today feel that Mao was soft on India? Did China really need to give South Tibet to India despite winning the war?
How do industrial development, military power and population contribute to the foreign policy of any state?
If the American blacks seek independence, can another country launch 59 missiles to attack the US government to help them stand alone?
Would India be able to defend Arunanchal and Kashmir in the case of a two-pronged attack from China and Pakistan?
Let's say a war breaks out with North Korea in the near future. Would that make Donald Trump more likely to win a second term?
Would North Korea approve a hypothetical underground China-South Korea tunnel?
Will China open up to the world?
Who are the best allies of India?
How did the Germans produce all of their weapons during the time of the Treaty of Versailles?
Why don't Crown dependencies get UN status or join the EU?
What opinion does South Korea have on human rights in North Korea?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
Have you ever been to Afghanistan/Pakistan? What was your experience there?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
How credible are reports that Israeli intelligence is worried about sharing intel with the US due to Trump's relationship with Russia, and thus Iran?
If Russia and China got themselves into a war with each other, whom would the U.S. side with?
Will the Iranian elections affect Iran-US relations?
What does China really want from North Korea?
How is the Six-Day War related to the current conflicts in the Middle East?
How does Israel view India?
Will Nepal joining OBOR be harmful to Biharis living in Nepal?
In today's scenario is it beneficial for India to ally with Russia or America?
Why can’t India attack North Korea and show a permanent solution?
What is the current scenario under the Indo-Soviet/Russia Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation?
Why did India join the Non-Aligned Movement?
How does Israel fight with 12 countries?
If China were the leader of the world, what role would the US and EU take?
What is your feeling about the future of the United Kingdom?
What is the social relationship like between England and Greece?
If there was a civil war in Russia now, which border country would you go as a refugee?
Should I be worried about the North Korea situation? I've been losing sleep because of it.
If Australia and the British Isles would suddenly switch places, how quickly would this affect both nation's natural environment?
What do you think about the Indian Su-30 going missing near the border with China?
Can I go for a master's in international relations if my bachelor’s is in politics and economics?
Why doesn't China want to be a good friend of India like Bhutan is?
What is the meaning of the existence of the ICJ, if countries like China and Pakistan don't accept the verdict?
What are the costs of Trump's "Ultimate" deal between Israel and Palestine?
Why is India supporting terrorism in Afghanistan through supporting ISIS?
If Saudi Arabia and Israel came to war, who would win?
How did India fail to become a superpower country?
Now that Pakistan is on its way to become a puppet state of China, how will it affect the rampant terrorist havens in Pakistan?
Will wars ever be over?
How long will India use Afghan soil to fan terrorism in Pakistan?
Bodhidharma is related to which country and which state?
Which 3 countries are most responsible for the rise of the radical & fundamentalist terrorist forces around the world today?
Do you think China is strategically helping Pakistan, only to maintain and develop its power against India & to hinder its growth?
India is becoming a superpower, so what is the most important factor?
What do the people of Taiwan think of ROC claiming so many territories which belong to other countries as a part of China?
Why does Pakistan struggle economically and politically when compared to India?
Does the bilateral relations between India and China deteriorate the notions about people of India (given that we still love Chinese people)?
Since normal Indians hate China and always stare at China, will India invade China when they are able (perhaps in 2050, when China gets old)?
What do Turks and Kurds in the US think about the recent clashes in Washington between them?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Does Vladimir Putin have a wife and children?
What would happened if all the countries merged into one country?
If Iran offers one trillion dollars to President Trump (USA) to modernize Iran, will the relationship between the USA and Iran get better?
Why do Americans consider China to be an enemy despite majority of Chinese people’s, and, even Chinese government’s, support for President Trump?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
Does the country that you're from affect how you start a relationship with people from other countries?
Has any country ever tried to make a kinetic bombardment weapon, and is there any treaty or convention that bans it?
What is the relevance of having warships in a nation's defense infrastructure?
Is it possible that North Korea is secretly planning to attack India?
Why are the Eastern regions of the US and China more occupied?
What are the European Union’s strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
If The United States of America go to war with China, which side will Singapore choose to stand with?
It is perfectly ok for India not to join in OBOR projects. Why has India been jealous of other countries joining in OBOR, and why has it been badmouthing OBOR?
If Russia and Bannon were trying to exploit the simmering antipathy between the right and the left, and the Midwest and the coasts, how do we come together as a nation?
What if Russia invaded all of Europe Nazi style?
Have the Philippines threatened to steal oil from Chinese territories in the South China Sea?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
Why did the world converge to having a few hundred countries, instead of 10x more or less?
Is being the President of the United States a job most people want?
How do I prevent myself from falling for CCP propaganda?
Is it possible to stop north Korea's nuclear plans?
If Pakistan refuses to accept the verdict of the ICJ, then can India also break the Indus Waters Treaty & refuse to accept the verdict of the ICJ in retaliation?
Can India and China be good friends?
If the world wants peace, why won’t the military and media allow it?
Why is there a chance of Turkey supporting Pakistan?
What will be the best way to stop the war in Syria and Iraq?
How is America and India's relationship?
How is China supposedly becoming more powerful than the USA yet the USA spends around 800 billion and China spends 150 billion?
What do we get by creating terror around the world?
What if the United States tried to conquer the world (intelligently)?
What deal has Trump made with Israel, and what does this change?
Why is the US not doing anything about Erdogan's thugs beating their citizens?
What is the newest country to join SAARC?
What are the consequences if both Pakistan and China simultaneously attacked India?
Do Indians have the basics to be called the next superpower?
Do you think there is going to be a war between the U.S. and North Korea?
What strategies caused the Soviets to lose the Cold War?
Are the top 3 powers of the world China Russia and America?
How is a NATO policy (such as the decision to fight ISIS) made? Is NATO truly an independent entity? Does the U.S. have veto power in NATO?
Why did Christianity fail to reach the Arabian countries despite the fact that those countries are nearer to the places Christ had lived?
Does the United States have the most protective military in case of a war?
Why don't Sikhs take the lead in India to unite the country against Pakistan?
Why didn’t Iran take part in the Saudi Arabia Conference?
How did the Marshall Plan benefit the United States given that it looks like a charitable act which seldom takes place in international diplomacy?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why do small countries like Tuvalu and Swaziland support India for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council? What do they gain from this?
Why isn't India called as United Nation?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
What is the scope of IT in Sri Lanka?
Is China's rise good for Korea?
What was the relationship between Reza Shah and the Kurds?
Was it Putin's blue dream to annex not only the Crimea, but also the entire Southeast of Ukraine, and connect the borders of Russia with Transnistria?
Why did Germany invade Russia in 1941?
Brazil's JBS, the world's largest beef exporter, was recently found guilty of racketeering in Brazil, but the USA government is leaving it alone. Why?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why can’t Nepalese and Biharis live happily together in Nepal? Isn't it racist of Nepalese to be anti-Bihari?
Iranians were killed while fighting ISIS, and Arabia supported them. Trump says Iran is evil and Arabia is good. How do we justify this contradiction?
If the sea level rises, can Vietnam ask China or Laos for some land?
If the 1950 Indo-Nepal treaty cancels all previous treaties then where's Nepal's lost land from the British?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
What are the 3 dimensions of nuclear security?
Can a country (that is not the US) declare war on the Indian reservations located within the US?
Do you think the United States militarily are a match against Russia, China and or North Korea?
With a left-leaning president grabbing power, would South Korea now avoid the Americans and join China-Russia-North Korea as an ally?
Is China a country or a company?
When did the European​ countries find out that the US was a rising superpower and that it was going to overshadow them?
China has always blocked Western markets and has been successful, should India try the same approach?
Does Article 147 of the Indian Constitution make India a non sovereign nation?
Do South Koreans feel sorry for those who ended up having to live in North Korea after the peninsula was divided?
How long does it take the UN to take action on some issue?
Should Britishers be ashamed of all the evils they have done to Indians by looting their wealth earned over thousands of years?
Why doesn't India establish diplomatic ties with Taiwan to punish China?
If Vietnam decides to attack ISIS in the Middle East, and overthrow the government of the pro-American states, would they be successful?
How will China look like if it splits into smaller countries?
Are the more frequent acts of terrorism in western countries a result of western intervention in the Middle East? What do you think?
What is China's image in the eyes of Indonesians?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir conflict in India' s perspective?
What preparations does the US Secret Service have to make before a US President's foreign trip, especially to countries like Iraq, Iran, India and Pakistan?
In case of a clash between India and China, which side will Russia take, and why? What will Russia do if the same clash happens between India and Pakistan?
How do we know what each of the world's militaries consist of? Do China, Russia, and the US really give out that information?
If North Korea can launch a satellite into orbit, what else do they need to have an ICBM?
What's wrong with a three-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
If Hillary won in 2016, would there be more conflict around the South China Sea by now?
Who does India support - Israel or Palestine?
Do you think Venezuela will have a civil war soon?
What is the difference between the UN, NATO, and OSCE?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
Why does Turkey allow Australians to celebrate Anzac day on it's territory?
Can we come out of the UN?
What is China's argument for not permitting India into the UNSC permanent council?
Is Cupid Ltd a hidden multibagger?
Can you make a war go on until you have conquered the whole world if you use the resources of the countries you've conquered to wage war?
Is WWIII gonna start after what North Korea did with the ransomware cyber attack?
Why is Iran perceived as a brother country to India?
What would happen if Russia, Iran or China started patrolling the Gulf of Mexico, the Sargasso Sea, or the Gulf of Alaska with planes and warships? What would the USA do?
What is the stand/role of US in the rising tension between India and Pakistan?
Should Trump "embrace" the despots or the people of the Middle East, contrary to Obama's policy?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
Why is Trump publicly hostile toward our staunchest European allies while exceedingly friendly with Russia and Saudi Arabia?
Is Kashmir Pakistan's top most priority? What else matters to Pakistan as a country?
How do I become a consultant for the United Nations?
Is Hindi/Urdu understood in Afghanistan?
How does Russia's expansionist tendencies threaten the national security or democracy of Great Britain or USA?
How can a DMD graduate from another country work in the United States as a dentist?
Why did Saudi Arabia grant Zakir Naik citizenship to protect him from Interpol when he is wanted in terror-related cases?
How many years will India take to become a superpower like the USA?
Why doesn't/shouldn't the US government threaten to not repay the money it owes to China, if China continues island building in the SCS?
What are some criticisms of Saudi Arabia people at their government?
Do you agree if ASEAN merged into one country? and why?
Why can't tye US reveal countries that is slaughtering innocent civilians by the hundreds everyday in Iraq and Syria?
Does the Russian influence in American foreign policy and elections mean we should start studying Russian?
Are we really on the brink of WW3 given North Korea's new stance and successful test and the US now sending another ship to the peninsula? What does this mean?
Why doesn't the USA invade Turkey with the help of the YPG?
Do you think China siding with Pakistan instead of India is a wise idea?
Why can't President Obama forge a better relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia than Trump is now able to?
Why has Pakistan annoyed Iran by joining the Saudi coalition?
What would happen if all nations support India for NSG but China?
Is China the next India?
What is it like to study MBBS in China/Russia/Cuba being an India?
What would it take for Africa to become the dominant power it once was?
What are the relations between China and the United States of America?
Would China help Iran if the US and Israel conducted their usual business of invading other countries?
What current nationality is an individual considered to be who was born in Crimea before being annexed by Russia?
Why is India so desperate to enter the NSG, and what are the consequences of not signing the NPT?
What exactly is happening in the Middle-East? What led to conflict there? Who is behind all this and when did it start?
What would happen if a border between two countries was split in between your house?
How do countries make money transactions with each other?
What are the most powerful countries judging all the factors combined?
Why isn't anyone talking about the conflict in Yemen?
Why does Russia have so many sattelites?
What steps would you take to change the world?
Can the United States defend against an imminent EMP attack?
How is the summer school at diplomatic academy of Russia?
Could the commonwealth ever unite and become one sovereign nation?
Can war solve the Indo-Pak issue?
How much does Israel rely on its alliance with the U.S. for its survival?
Why is the USA so close to Israel?
What are Qatar's foreign policy aspirations in the Middle East?
Does Croatia have an extradition treaty with the US?
What is the present crisis in Myanmar and its resolution?
What is the likelihood of Taiwan rejoining the People's Republic of China?
How can India and Pakistan live peacefully and develop themselves as major economies?
Can the host country enter another country's embassy and consulate?
How close to a major conflict are we with North Korea? Should we be concerned with their current state of nuclear arms?
Why do Jews get accused of wanting to make the United Nations a world government, even though the U.N. tends to be against Zionism?
What happened during the Perestroika years in Russia?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
What were Michael Flynn's major policy disagreements with the Obama administration before he exited that administration?
Why did Pakistan expel Bohemia for being a Christian?
What are similarities between the UN and LON?
Who profits from the $350 billion arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia? Is it the arms vendors or politicians?
After a WWIII, only two countries survived: Romania and Lithuania. If they go to war with each other, who will win?
If Pakistan breaks into five countries (Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan, FATA, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), will the name Pakistan still be applicable?
Why is the US-Saudi arms deal such a big deal? Can't a country just buy arms from any vendor?
In the future, can Nepal claim the area given to India by the treaty between British and Nepal?
Why is nuclear Iran a big deal in contrast with nuclear Pakistan or any other nation?
Is it smart for US and Israel that Trump gave Saudi Arabia such sophisticated military technology in its commercial deal, given their 'radical Islam'?
How safe is Sarawak from any geopolitical conflict?
Is there any law which defines how the USA deals with green card/visa holders from a country which declares war against the USA? Will they lose their residency?
Why did Egypt buy expensive helicopter carriers from France after France refused to deliver them to Russia?
If you could remove V.V. Putin from power, but in return, you had to replace him with another Russian politician, who would it be, and why?
Can the world keep hoping that both Iran and Israel will lead the effort to bring peace to the Middle East?
What is the best institute for piping courses that provides the best placements assurance?
Who would win: The US and the EU vs. Russia and China?
What are the most powerful countries in the world judging by economic military power?
What are the similarities between the Pakistani and Chinese cultures?
Should we even be worrying about a military draft with all the issues with North Korea?
Why doesn't the press focus on problems such as healthcare, rising debt, immigration and foreign policy?
What would be your favourite superpower?
What does the US gain from providing economic and military aid to Israel?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
Would Congress declare war on Israel if the Israelis arrested Trump when he stepped off the plane?
How do I start understanding the modern world -- current events, politics, contemporary history? What blogs, books, documentaries, etc. should I look in to?
Why does India blame Pakistan for every mal-incident that takes place in their homeland?
In order to maintain their economic advantages，will the United States launch war against OBOR countries?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
What is the latest situation in Syria?
What is the best European country in 2017 to seek asylum in for Lebanese citizens?
How did the Latin American region become more diverse than Canada or the United States?
Why do Vietnam, Japan, India, Mongolia, Taiwan and South Korea dislike China?
Why isn’t India giving a befitting reply to the Chinese claim over Arunachal Pradesh?
Why is the CPEC a big win-win for Pakistan and China, and a big loss for India?
Is a NATO like alliance between India, Japan, Korea & other neighbours threatened by China possible?
Is North Korea really any kind of threat to the US?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Being a Greek citizen, I trust the EU far more than I trust my country. Is that bad?
Why do some people think that it was wrong to hold the EU Referendum?
If a billionaire asks to rebuild Syria, can he be granted sovereignty?
What is Taiwan's stance on the South China Sea dispute?
What will happen if China and the USA stop all support to Pakistan? Will it be able to survive?
Why does the United States try so hard to maintain its position as world hegemony?
Would Russia be on America’s side or North Korea’s side if WW3 breaks out?
Why did Communist China never attempt to invade Japan after the Chinese Civil War?
Why are the leaked pictures from the Manchester terrorist attack "a threat to the national security" according to President Trump?
How does a country maintain a high gross fixed capital formation? Can a Latin American nation copy that of China and the Asian tigers?
Why doesn't the US have a dedicated brigade of Arctic Paratroopers since Russia is one of the main rivals of the US?
What do you think about the Chinese criticizing China in public occasions?
If you had the power to bring one historical former nation back to the present day, what country would it be and why?
Should countries take refugees from another country?
What effect will the UN report have on the OBOR Project by China? ( see link)
How strong and dangerous is Israel?
When does Pakistan change its mindset against India?
What strategic measures could the British Government take in terms of foreign policy to reduce the potential for Islamic terrorism on home soil?
Can Modi tame Pakistan to India's advantage?
If the Third World War broke out (between the USA, North Korea, Russia, and the European Union), what could be the safest place in which to emigrate with one’s family?
How screwed would your country be if some technologically advanced country attacked your home country (any strong military in the 2010s are allowed)?
What is the role of Russia in the USA elections?
How do you think Trump will handle US Iran relations?
What were some of the friendly moments between India and Pakistan?
What is a hybird regime?
Will Russia turn communist again? If so, will there be another Cold War and what would be the effects?
Why does the USA spend fortunes in countries after a war when there are people here in the USA who could benefit from the funds?
What keeps the United States, the NATO countries, China, Russia and India from just sitting down at a table and dividing up the rest of the world?
Would a coup be the best thing that could happen to North Korea?
How is an independent country recognized internationally?
What is Germany's diplomatic views and stance with regards to the War in Donbass?
Why is Russia interested in Syria?
As an American, what are your views on Indo-American defence relations in recent times (2012 onwards)?
What impact would 'Eurobonds' have on the financial health of the European Union?
India is irrelevant in the CPEC and OBOR as India is a taker, not a giver. What makes Indians think that India is relevant to OBOR or the CPEC?
Why is Israel the most unpopular Muslim country?
When heads of state of world superpowers meet, do they talk about how they're conducting spy operations in each others' countries?
Why has India isolated itself from UNSC-supported OBOR in the world?
Despite fully opposing Trump, I totally agree with him chastising NATO members for not all contributing 2% of GDP to defense. Why is this a problem?
What were the wars and conflicts in India and China?
Why did Obama's counter-ISIS strategy entail facing the ISIS head to head instead of encircling and annihilating them like Trump has chosen to do?
Is there any country which has never been successfully invaded?
What's your opinion on Trump’s speech at the 2017 NATO Summit?
What are North Korea's geopolitical aims and interests?
How many troops would it take to fully occupy and defeat Russia?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
How does a country (say Saudi Arabia) buying military weapons from another country (say the USA) know the operating rules of the weapon?
Do Pakistanis wish to merge with China?
Why has Somaliland not been recognized as an independent country by any members of the UN?
Can China develop the world?
Which countries in the world are still calling the private and temporary tribunal in The Hague a UN backed international law court?
Wouldn't it be better for the USA if it had strong ties with Russia, Putin or not?
Will China overtake the USA as a world leader?
Why is North Korea so bad?
Why is North Korea so focused on the ability to launch a long rang nuclear missile at the United States?
Can Pakistan become more powerful than India?
What has been happening in Syria for the past 6 years?
I want to study international relation. Is it a good choice for a major? What are the job opportunities it could lead to?
Do Russian regions have true power even though Russia is officially a federation?
What alliance do you belong to?
Could the media be driving the tensions between Russia and the U.S.? Could that lead to war?
Why is China being so militarily aggressive?
After the diplomatic and military failures in Afghanistan, Iraq, North Africa, Syria, Ukraine and Black Sea, what should be the US/Pentagon strategy?
What are the new trends in foreign policy?
Will China become a superpower through OBOR?
Why isn't India regulating "Personae non gratae" as mentioned in Article 9 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations against Pakistani diplomats?
Should the U.S. use military force in North Korea?
What does Russia mean?
What is the importance of the Treaty of Utrecht of 1579?
How likely is it that Trump will start a nuclear war with North Korea?
The Palestine president is visiting India ahead of our PM Narendra Modi's visit to Israel. Will it have any negative impact on the Indo-Israel friendship?
What are benefits of being an IFS?
What are some current issues related to The Treaty Of Waitangi?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Why is North Korea hell on earth?
Will our allies hail Trump as a strategic genius at the NATO summit?
How do I "sign a peace treaty" with the past?
What are all of the agreements between India and Pakistan?
Has a EU nation ever given asylum to a citizen of another EU nation?
What would be the conclusion of a hypothetical war between India and Pakistan?
Why is it that international forces, NATO, and other countries don't take military actions against Pakistan, which nurtures and advances terrorism?
If a country implements diplomatic reciprocity, would it be forced to give other countries working permits?
Why did gas prices all of a sudden skyrocket upward when there is the same amount of fighting in the Middle East?
How can one reach out to the UN?
What country is the most future proof?
Does the success of the OBOR meeting convened by China mean that, instead of succeeding in isolating Pakistan as we claimed, India has been isolated?
Are Kazakhstan and Syria allies?
Is it possible for the world to speak Mandarin in 20 years because China is expanding its outreach to other countries and its culture?
How come Germany didn't annex any land in the Treaty of Brestlitovsk?
Why are infrastructure projects in China so much cheaper than in the USA?
Whatever North Korea is doing now, was it expected?
What threats does OBOR strategy of China pose to India? How can we counter this?
Would the US and Israel have a similarly good relationship if religion did not factor in?
Why doesn't the USA refuse to trade with any country that engages in trade with North Korea?
Is there any chance of Russia and Iran joining hands and becoming strategic partners to dominate the Middle East in near future as they did in Syria?
Why did Moldova not unite with Romania and become a part of the EU?
Why don’t the countries of the European Union entertain the idea of entering the Commonwealth of Independent States?
How fast can the USA invade north Korea and cripple its war capability before it launches missiles?
How does a missile launch, like the one by North Korea, make sure that it doesn't hit any aircraft?
Is Turkey's Grey Wolves an equivalent of Iran's IRGC?
What is Iran's level of participation in the recent OBOR summit?
All the hype about North Korea, is it a precursor to start a war like we did in Iraq?
Is there anyway that there can be peace between India and Pakistan?
What could the response of the US be if the investigations come to the conclusion that Russia interfered in our electoral process?
Which countries are Tunisia's allies and enemies?
Will Australia ever join the European Union?
If the US had never invaded Iraq in 1990, would Saddam Hussein have gone on to attempt to conquer other countries? If so, which countries?
Why is it taking so long for this government to solve the Kashmir issue?
Is an alliance between the US and China impossible? Why or why not?
Is it possible for Pakistan to destroy India in seconds with its nukes?
What will happen if China, Pakistan and Russia come together and fight against India?
Is it possible for all of us Indians to stop using made in China goods to tame it?
To what extent is it the responsibility of the United States to deal with the current situation in Syria, if you believe it is at all?
If the US couldn't develop Afghanistan despite spending $100 billion, why do Pakistanis think China's $41 billion CPEC will be a game-changer?
If I assemble a private army and attack North Korea to conquer it, can anyone legally stop me?
How are you and your family?
Why is India not at all answering to Pakistan's cruelty?
Why did the US take a U-Turn and decided to participate in Chinese OBOR initiative?
When is Iran (Persia) going to reopen its embassy in the US?
How is one able to leave an embassy if they are not allowed in the country?
If Kulbhushan Jadhav is executed to death, will it affect the diplomatic ties between India and Pakistan?
Why don't other countries respect Pakistan?
How did North Korea become such an isolated, totalitarian state?
Could the United Arab States/Republic have realistically succeeded? If so, how?
What is a correct label for Russia’s aggression in eastern Ukraine: “hybrid war,” “proxy war,” or “undeclared war”?
What is the real image of United Nations?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
What would happen if Pakistan doesn't comply with the judgement of ICJ?
Why didn't the People's Republic of China join the COMECON during the Cold War?
What would happen if Russia sank into the ocean?
Should white people leave the USA and go back to Europe?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
What will be the response from China and Russia if the Ransomware attack came from North Korea?
What are the pros and cons for Turkey if it doesn't want to be part of NATO anymore?
What is the point of international maritime reviews?
What will happen if the ICJ comes down in support of Pakistan for Kulbhushan Jadhav's sentence?
Is North Korea going to kill us all like they have said?
Are India and Pakistan close to war? If so, would countries like the US just sit and watch, or be forced to intervene?
Why is Italy part of G7 if there are many other countries with a better overall state?
Why did Iran intervene in Syria and kill kids?
What would the US do if Russia was nuked by a country that we are not allied with?
What do citizens of tiny Arab states think about Pakistan?
What makes Shree Narendra Modi the most powerful person in South Asia?
How come Saudi Arabia and Oman are rich nations but Yemen which borders both is poor?
What will be the effect if there is a war between the USA and North Korea?
What does Russia think of India?
Will Saudi Arabia survive without the help of the United States?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
What characteristics define diplomatically?
Why did India have a war with Pakistan in 1971?
Why was Aksai Chin important to China?
How is Dangal faking China’s collections to “keep limelight” against a southern invasion?
What if all of Russia's previous lands were added back to itself instantly? What would the effects be?
Why can't you declare your own country?
Does India deserve to get a permanent seat on the UN security council?
What would be some good free online universities for International relation?
Is a war likely going to happen with what is happening in Korea and the Middle East?
Why does China always support North Korea? What benefit will China get from North Korea, as we all know that China has a business kind of mindset?
What is India's stance on the Syrian crisis?
Even after getting a majority in the country, why is the BJP not putting trade sanctions on Pakistan?
If North Korea were to fully deploy ICBMs that could reach California, would liberals support a war against them?
With more and more military engagements by the United Nations, is the world moving towards peace?
Why does China not encourage all countries to have nuclear weapons?
Is it possible to stop a conflict between two countries without using any weapons? Is a gun the solution for ISIS and any other violating groups?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
Why is China always against India in the United Nations Security Council?
What have people heard about Ukraine?
What are the possible caveat or risks with the OBOR and CPEC endeavour?
What will happen if North Korea starts a war?
What are the effects of the Middle East crisis?
Why has the UN never acted strongly against powerful countries?
Why is Russia going against Indian interests by joining CPEC? India understood Russian actions in Crimea, so why is Russia not understanding ours?
What makes a country prosperous?
Has Russia become a partner of Pakistan?
Is a treaty weakened if one party violates its terms?
Why is the USA so scared about North Korea’s nuclear tests?
How hard is it for any country to invade and occupy Pakistan?
Does India respect Chinese territory in South China Sea?
What are the objectives of the OBOR summit held in China and why did India skip it?
What is the fate of Americans in labour camps in North Korea now that Trump is President?
Has the BRICS alliance completely failed now that India and China are foes?
What do you see in North Korea's long term future if they are not destroyed in a war?
What kinds of businesses are most needed in the early stages of development for CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor)?
What's the current status of the US and North Korea?
In which areas is China leading the world?
Would new sanctions against North Korea work?
At what point do you believe the hunger strike in Israel will start to place significant pressure on the government of Israel?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
If Arabia was united after WW1, would the Middle East be a better place?
Do you think Russia or China will help deescalate the tension in the Korean Peninsula?
What could make you want to go to war voluntary?
Is there a permanent solution to the Kashmir problem?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
India lost the war with the Chinese, but won our hearts! Why was this perception rooted among the people of Arunachal Pradesh during the Sino-Indian war in 1962?
Recently China renamed six places in Arunachal Pradesh claiming them to be part of South Tibet. Why did India remain silent on that matter?
Are we going to have a WW3 soon, with all these threats from North Korea?
Why is much of Russia's architecture so poor?
Did the CIA launch the Friday 'Ransomware' attack?
Should the US invade Turkey in order to liberate its citizens, especially the Gulenists?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
Why can Indian commercial ships pass through Chinese territory in the South China Sea, but Chinese commercial vessels cannot pass through Pakistan Kashmir?
Why is North Korea so inimical to the USA?
How can I mail cigar to non-US countries from Cuba?
If there is a cyber war between India, USA, Russia, China, and Pakistan, hackers from which country will win the war?
Why is the BJP government still silent when Pakistan is repeatedly breaking ceasefires and killing Army personnel and innocent civilians near the border?
What is the future of nationalism?
Is the European Union a progressive force in addressing global poverty?
Why has North Korea launched a missile against Russia recently, when their enemy is America?
Why is Czech Republic not remembered as a very strong Israeli ally?
Is it true that Israel is a rogue country?
What if the United States was invaded by Russia?
Why hasn’t Christianity entered Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries despite close proximity with Israel and Palestine?
Do you think Russia and/or China are going to help denuclearize North Korea?
Is The South China Sea doomed to experience greater conflict, can accommodation be found?
What will be the US’s strategy to stop North Korea after the 7th missile test this year?
When are there going to be sanctions against Israel?
Is an India-Pakistan war, conventional or otherwise, possible between 2017 and 2022? If so, who will end up with a greater edge in local geopolitics?
Is Kashmir becoming a second Syria?
How could a country invade the UK and occupy it?
How could someone be foolish enough to even try to conquer Russia?
How many casualties would Russia sustain in order to completely conquer and annex a prepared and mobilized Finland 1v1? (nukes exluded)
Why are West allowing China Indian ocean access at same time denied same to Russia?
Why doesn't Pakistan rename itself as Chaplusi-Stan of China?
Does the inception of China Pak Economic Corridor (CPEC) is a sign that Gilgit - Baltistan or even Aksai Chin is a lost cause for India?
What is back channel diplomacy and why is India using it to talk to Pakistan?
How will the Arab world view China's efforts in rebuilding Syria?
Is a power transition truly taking place between China and the US? Yes or no, what will this mean for their security relationship in the near future?
What do non-Muslims/non-Arabs think about Israel and the conflict between Israel and Palestine?
Why are the Treaties of Sevres and Lausanne still being discussed today?
What do Poles think of Romania?
How will the increasing satellite capability give India a diplomatic edge over neighbouring countries in South Asia?
What if international platform declares POK as a part of Pakistan? Is this the reason why India is not taking the matter into international forum?
Why are most of the Quora posts I am getting in my mail about Pakistan? I hate Pakistan.
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Do we have any good relations with Pakistan?
Is the rise of state sponsored 'cyber attacks' the biggest threat to international security today?
How is "One Belt, One Road" going to affect Malaysia and other countries involved?
Is the North Korean regime actually irrational enough to start a nuclear war or do they simply bet on everyone assuming they are?
How can hi-tech industries participate in the CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor) project?
Following Russian military action in Ukraine and Syria and with the continuing economic rise of China, are we seeing the end of American hegemony?
If the USA invaded Russia, what would be the outcome (no nuclear warfare)?
What does the rest of the world think of the UK now?
Which country is powerful: China or India?
Could America win a non-nuclear war against everyone outside of NATO?
Could USA & Russia come together to finish Islam?
What are the atrocities that Israel has done with Palestinians?
What is the South China Sea? What are the countries claiming it, and how will it affect the world?
What is the interest of US, Russia, Iran and Saudi Arabia in the Syrian war?
What is the greatest threat to the North Korean regime next to knowledge from outside of the country?
What would it take for India to grow, like China? Can it happen?
What would have happened if George Bush had invaded North Korea instead of Iraq? Would North Korean artillery have bombarded South Korea's cities?
Will India be able to counter China in the next 20 years?
NATO vs. Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, who would win?
What happens if a treaty doesn't become fully enforced as intended?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
What do you think of the relationship between China and the United States?
In an impoverished country where the people are starving and public services are minimal, where does N. Korea get the money for missiles and A-bomb tech?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
Do you think North Korea is a bad country to live in?
Do Indians hate the Chinese for blocking it to join the UN Security Council?
What U.N. member is the most powerful?
Why is the US giving billions of dollars to Pakistan, when Pakistan is inclined towards China, and also having faced betrayal, e.g. in the Osama case?
Where can I get 'International Relations’ by Prakash Chander from?
Why is Russia now seen as an ally by the alt-right?
Why are there conflicts between India and Pakistan whenever the BJP comes to power in India?
Has China's plan of spreading anti-Bihari immigrant sentiment in Nepal worked? If not, why did Nepal join China's BRI?
Would the USA, in the present time with modern military tech, be able to defeat Russia without any allies, even during Russia's winter season?
What is the Israel-Palestine issue and how does it influence Indo-Arab relations?
Do any MASH stars regret the show's continual stance that the U.S. had no business helping South Korea prevent being taken over by North Korea?
Why are people talking so much (ho ho ing) about collusion with Russia without giving one specific example between President Trump and Russia?
Can Syria legally sue Qatar and Saudi Arabia for funding the jihadists that destroyed the country?
Does North Korea actually want to nuke Japan?
What is the Israel-Palestine issue, and how does it influence Indo-Arab relations?
Under what "right conditions" will North Korea be willing to have dialogue with U.S. and vice versa?
What critics could be attributed to the US foreign policy towards nuclear proliferation in India and Pakistan?
What if the USA and Russia became friends?
What do people from other countries think about the many anti-men laws in India?
Why doesn't China simply deviate the CPEC route away from the Indian territory?
How come Vladimir Putin supports China-Russia trade but the USA is skeptical about it?
What would happen if the World decided that they have had enough of Trump? Would they put sanctions against US?
What was the reaction of Americans or NATO countries when they found out that the Iraq War had been sponsored by the CIA to capture Iraq and control its oil?
Will Pakistan destroy India with its nukes in case of war?
Is Germany forever doomed to be a non-veto member of the UN?
Is Iran serious about destroying Israel or is that just for intimidation?
Do the people in Iran feel that the Chinese have made too much money from Iran?
Why does China always choose Vietnam as a target for abuse despite having 14 other neighbouring countries?
Why was there a war between the USA and Vietnam?
Is India-Vietnam similar to Turkey-Poland relations?
Why is it that the USA can keep nuclear weapons, but North Korea is not allowed?
What type of relations exist between Syria and the US?
Is selecting international relations a better career option?
Are Russia and China great friends?
What will happen if Hindus of India attack China?
Which country has the most territories?
Would our world be more peaceful if all nations declares to drop any form of military?
Will the US and the Middle East be at peace?
The Kim family has been ruling North Korea successfully for years. Are we witnessing the start of a similar era in the USA under the Trump family?
Does Mexico have any interest in joining the BRICS?
What is your opinion on India skipping China's BRF summit ceremony? What would be the implications of this?
Can India take up proxy war with China on the Aksai issue as what Pakistan stands in front of a mighty huge nation like India and fight for Kashmir?
What is the significance of Korean community in the Philippines to you?
Would America use nuclear weapons against China if the US was defeated in a future war?
How likely is a Russia US war in the near future?
How right is this claim: "In 50 years, a breakup of the US is more likely than the CCP ceasing to rule China or the Kims ceasing to rule North Korea"?
What will the consequence be of the latest missile test from North Korea?
How will the US react to the recent North Korea missile test? Will the strike first? Are talks between the US and North Korea possible?
With the way Philippines’ President Rodrigo Duterte deals with superpower nations like China, the USA, Russia and Japan, is he a political genius of our era?
How will the U.S.' relations with the Middle East change if Canada and Russia become the U.S.' primary petroleum suppliers instead of S.A. and Canada?
What happens to other countries if China keeps its wages very low?
Are all of the European countries members of the European Union? If no, which ones are not, and why?
Why does India hate China siding with Pakistan?
Has Russia challenged the sanctions by the US and EU under the WTO charter?
What motivated Russian peasants to colonize the Far East? European Russia still has vast tracts of unsettled ground they could have used.
Are Nepalis really patriotic to Nepal?
Is Russia's nuclear capability better than the one of the United States?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the most important lesson we can draw from North Korea?
What is better for India: good relations with China and Pakistan or with the USA and Israel?
Has anyone a list of scriptures where pre-colonial Philippines was mentioned by other Asian countries?
Now what will happen to EC?
Is it more sensible to attack North Korea now when its nuclear capabilities are limited?
What would happen if every country in the world declared war on each other?
How would WWI leaders react to the current European Union?
Is North Korea going to attack using nuclear weapons?
In times when we are moving towards consolidation, like formation of europian union, is it foolish for any state of a country to ask for independence?
Are Russia and the U.S. on friendly terms, or are we kind of still in a cold war?
If there was a civil war in Mongolia, where would the refugees go: China or Russia?
Will South Korean President Moon's policies lead to a dialogue with North Korea, harming the relations with the US? Is he up to the challenges?
Would North Korea be forced to abandon its nuclear program if China implemented an oil embargo?
Why is India not able to do more than a diplomatic protest with China (OBOR/CPEC) while they are doing so much on ground level?
What is the significance of a foreign community to a country?
Why is US at war with one or the other country always?
What will become the reason of destruction of Israel?
Why is there lack of trust between China and India? Who's (more) responsible for it? What can be done for a better friendship?
Why, if the US has always had a conflict with Russia, are there so many Russians in the US?
Has India almost lost the plot against China, now that many nations are joining OBOR to meet in China?
How can China help Pakistan improving its security situation?
Why is it that China - Korea relationship had always been more peaceful than China - Vietnam relationship?
Is all the hype about China becoming the next USA, the next superpower, etc., overblown? Will China collapse spectacularly and become like India?
Does Bosnia hate Great Britain?
Do Bangladeshis feel any obligation to India for freeing them from the atrocities of Pakistan in 1971?
Chinese Pride: Why are you proud of China?
Which type of relation is there in an Indo-Pak relation?
Do you agree that North Korea is just another Vietnam?
Does the ICC get any money from bilateral series between two countries?
What could the US not do or do as much in a conventional war against a superpower that they can do in a smaller conflict?
Why does Pakistan support China, despite knowing that they banned many Muslim names and the burqa in their country?
Why did the White House statement on North Korea's firing of a missle mention Russia?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
Why isn’t the US government lifting restrictions on the export of the latest weapon platforms and technologies to India, to boot Russia out of the market?
Can anyone outside of a country compel another country to change its constitution?
What would make someone want to go to war?
Is it possible to end the Kim regime and reunite Korea without a greater war breaking out?
Why did Michael Collins sign a peace treaty that didn't include all 32 counties?
What is happening with the ransomware in the world right now?
Will the US nuke N. Korea if present tension escalates? Will it impact China? How?
How will Moon Jae-in's presidency possibly affect the relationship between South and North Korea?
Why has Trump been so poor at judging Xi's ability to help with North Korea? Will the US be blackmailed by North Korea?
What interventions are in place to prevent consumer demands that are detrimental to the Earth? If any exist, are they responsive enough?
What would happen if North Korea launched a nuclear attack on South Korea?
What will India do if China is successful in making Pakistan stronger and prosper by CPEC?
Why is the USA not doing something about the rapid buildup of the Chinese Navy?
Why do Hindus of India want to annex Nepal?
Given that there is bipartisan agreement that Russia influenced the US election, why have there been no talks regarding additional sanctions?
How would another country hack North Korea's nuclear program?
Should the western world be thankful to North Korea for having a low carbon footprint?
Are Putin & Co. laughing at America now?
Can Bishop Leopoldo Girelli help improve relations between Vietnam and Vatican?
What do other Christians think about Vietnamese Christians?
Who is a better friend of India, the US, Russia or Israel?
What part of North America would be the safest in case of war or collapse of the USA?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Why does India underestimate her enemies?
What is the present status of India- Russia ties?
Why can't Donald Trump use military force against North Korea?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What countries are most likely to go extinct in the next 250 years due to possible war or genocide?
Can members of MERCOSUR negotiate and sign free trade agreements individually?
What do Kenyans mean by "benchmarking to China"?
If Russia goes to war, who will help them?
What is the issue between America and North Korea?
Why don't the Hollywood Democrats take up stronger support for Israel?
What is the current state of Crimea? Is there peace or is there any type of civil disturbance?
Does anyone believe that it is in China's interests to dominate the world considering its historical actions?
In what ways has Pakistan benefited from its close relationship with China?
Based on what criteria do you believe a country should have a territory?
Why is India so concerned about Sri Lankan people’s standard of living as China has provided huge loans to Sri Lanka for economic development?
Why can’t India become as peaceful and stable as Canada or New Zealand?
Is NATO not against the Monroe policy?
Why does India want to annex Nepal?
What did we actually lose when India and Pakistan were made into 2 nations?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
What would happen to a modern multinational company (MNC) if its country of origin is dissolved or conquered?
With the letter that North Korea sent to the US about imposing new sanctions, does it seem that KJU is starting to sweat a little?
Is it true that Hindus of India want to annex China?
Should we fear a nuclear attack from North Korea?
How do I become powerful in the cyber world?
Are US sanctions against Russia in violation of the WTO charter?
What could have been done to prevent the US from becoming a superpower?
What is the scope of doing an MA in international relations in India?
What if China opens up to the world? Can it accommodate everybody?
What is Vienna Convention on Consular relations?
If the world is bankrupt can China take a lead?
What does NATO get out of Afganistan?
Why has Russia been sending military aircraft near Alaskan airspace?
In a world where China doesn't exist, will it be possible for Vietnam to unite Indochina?
Why can’t the United States and Iran build embassies in each other, even after the nuclear deal?
What happens to other countries if China keeps its products priced very low?
Are the United States and North Korea going to war anytime soon?
Why does the ROC claim so many territories that belong to other countries?
Is Eastern Russia indefensible from a Chinese military invasion?
Does China attract global spending?
Would/should India preempt CPEC by getting into a decisive war with Pakistan and splitting it into a few smaller independent/supported entities?
If all the countries in the world united to make one military force in order to take out the US, what's the likelihood the US would lose?
How do you feel about Duterte saying that war will break out between China and the Philippines?
Will the US and the Middle East be at peace?
Did Saddam Hussein realize that the U.S. would get involved if they invaded Kuwait?
Is there a theory to analyze foreign policy?
What would happen if the USA developed a protection system that was 100% effective against a nuclear attack? Would they attack Russia immediately?
Why is the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo important?
What kinds of businesses are most needed in the early stages of development for CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor)?
If people interacted the way nations conducted diplomacy, how would we act?
What can the People's Republic of China learn from Russia on how to deal with American politicians?
What should you consider about the disputed Indo-Pak areas (land or people)?
What are all of the agreements between India and Pakistan?
Does India have the capability to ignite more conflicts with Pakistan and sabotage the UNSC endorsed CPEC?
India lost the war with the Chinese, but won our hearts! Why was this perception rooted among the people of Arunachal Pradesh during the Sino-Indian war in 1962?
Recently China renamed six places in Arunachal Pradesh claiming them to be part of South Tibet. Why did India remain silent on that matter?
What are the enemies of relationship?
How does NATO work?
Should the US invade Turkey in order to liberate its citizens, especially the Gulenists?
I’m a 25-year-old Indian with a BS in computer science but I wish to study international relations. Is it possible or too late for me to switch streams?
What do you think of Trump pushing the Prime Minister of Montenegro Dusko Markovic out of his way at the NATO summit?
Did Obama's urgency in getting a treaty with Iran cloud his judgment in dealing with the other Arab countries?
What are the possible geo-political effects of an Arab NATO in the Middle-East?
Would the U.S. support or assist the creation of a union between Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia?
Why is the BJP government still silent when Pakistan is repeatedly breaking ceasefires and killing Army personnel and innocent civilians near the border?
How did racism in the US influence its foreign policy?
Is India so disappointed that the USA and China are working together economically?
Has Donald Trump signed the single largest arms deal in United States history with Saudi Arabia?
What does Rahul Shrivastava think about India’s relationship with Nepal? Why have things become worse, even though we helped them a lot during the earthquake?
After Obama, now even Trump is bowing down to Saudi Arabia. Do Americans like this?
What will become the reason of destruction of Israel?
What is the political situation world wide?
Does Turkey really have good relations with India?
Which year will war break out between China and the United States? Many historians have said this clash of powers is inevitable.
Why is India claiming POK and opposing CPEC when people living in those territories are already Pakistani? Is India just trying to create trouble?
What will happen if India and Pakistan become one nation?
How similar is China's OBOR initiative compared to the reasons behind the Marshall Plan?
Arab countries did not support Kosovo’s independence. Sometimes it seemed they felt more empathy for Serbia. Why did this happen?
What does the whole world think of China?
Why is Pakistan selling its country to China?
What is Russia's actual goal in adamantly supporting Bashar?
What would happen if China lost Russia as a ally and North Korea unified with South Korea?
Why can India never be as great as Pakistan?
Recent media reports indicate that, after Syria, Mexico is the place for violent death. Should Americans be concerned?
How does China perceive the west?
What is America’s interest in Iran? Why are they using KSA against Iran?
Besides the United States, which country has the most killers?
Which countries should I account as India's friends and which of them as enemies?
Why was Serbia responsible for the Kosovo War?
Can and will Singapore in the future become an ally of China like the UK is to the USA?
Is China creating a misunderstanding between the Nepalese and Bihari people in Nepal to hamper Indo-Nepalese relations?
What are your views on India now straining China through Russia to get into the NSG?
Is it possible to apply for a Master’s in International Relations if I have a B.A. in American Cultural Studies?
If WWIII occurs, where will it originate?
What happened in old Tibet before China invaded Tibet?
Will Xi Jin Ping be able to respond if Modi's India invades Tibet?
Which country is powerful: China or India?
What has happened to all the birds in the USA? I have recently undertaken a road trip across the USA and it's like something out of Apocalypse Now.
Can Pakistan and India resolve the Siachen dispute? Will it be possible?
Why does India underestimate her enemies?
As per the current scenario, are we going to see an Indo-Pakistan war in the near future?
How do democracies declare war?
Why is Palestine not a country?
Why did India help Sri Lanka to end its civil war given that they helped Pakistan in 1971?
Why doesn't the U.K. invade other countries anymore?
How will Trump's first foreign trip shape US diplomacy? How will his trip shape US foreign policy?
What are the internal security threats for Russia?
Are Democrats deliberately pushing the US towards a war with Russia and China at the same time to make sure that the US loses and they can blame Trump for it?
How is the caviar market in the Middle East? What countries are importing it the most?
What would happen if democratic countries decide to trade only with each other?
Which country is igniting tension between India and Pakistan? Why?
Who will win in a war between Kemal's Turkey and Lenin's Russia?
How many forces are battling in Syria, what are they and who are backing them up?
What roles did Saudi Arabia and Israel play ahead of the Iraq War?
Is it true that veto power was first offered to India but Nehru refused and handed it over to China?
What is the relationship like between Mexico and Israel?
Which of the following would be the best place to start a family: Brazil, Canada, an European Union country or the USA?
What do you think about Tibet and China?
How can India become the next China?
What is happening in Syria? Why are the world powers so interested in the ongoing conflict in Syria?
Why do all of these wars have no end, like the war in Korea and Syria?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
In the first half of the XVIII century, why didn’t Portugal annex Galicia via arms or diplomatic means?
Is Aksai Chin a disputed part in the state of united Jammu and Kashmir as per the United Nations?
How can the gas attack in Syria affect us today?
Do you think the prevalent attitude of "only Chinese can criticize China" will ultimately hurt China?
Why doesn't the United States contribute UN peacekeepers?
Why do people look down on Americans for having a limited world view when most of them don't truly understand American culture?
Why is China supporting dreaded terrorists?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
Can Syrian rebels build on their Damascus attack?
What do Europeans think of the system of the European Union?
What type of relations exist between Syria and the US?
Is Saudi Arabia really as bad in human rights as the media says?
What's to prevent North Korea from putting an intermediate range missile on a ship, sneaking closer to the US and launching from just offshore?
What are the effects of the Middle East crisis?
How is "One Belt, One Road" going to affect Malaysia and other countries involved?
Which countries will emerge as superpowers in 3-4 decades?
Why did China never recover Taiwan?
Is now (2017) an excellent time to re-negotiate treaties and trade agreements with the US because their government’s executive branch is in a chaotic state?
What do we need to do to make the Middle East stable and peaceful and minimalise terrorism?
Who is the highest authority at SAARC?
What are diplomatic procedures?
What is the significance of Korean community in the Philippines to you?
Who does the world support, India or Pakistan?
Why isn't India regulating "Personae non gratae" as mentioned in Article 9 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations against Pakistani diplomats?
With the way Philippines’ President Rodrigo Duterte deals with superpower nations like China, the USA, Russia and Japan, is he a political genius of our era?
Can the US President unilaterally pull out of NATO?
Will our allies hail Trump as a strategic genius at the NATO summit?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
Is having Alaska beneficial in any way to the USA?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK many times?
What happens if all countries become borderless?
What could make you want to go to war voluntary?
Why was aid an important part of United States-Vietnam relations?
Are threat from SJW are the real deal?
What would happen to China if Manchuria seceded?
How was the Luso-Dutch War and which country was stronger?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Is it more sensible to attack North Korea now when its nuclear capabilities are limited?
How would WWI leaders react to the current European Union?
Is North Korea going to attack using nuclear weapons?
What was the state of the Muslims in united India before the creation of Pakistan?
Do Iranians support an aggressive nationalistic approach in foreign policy?
Can a nuke hit Canada?
Should I be really worried about North Korea?
What would be the impact of the extremely hostile Philippine-China relations on the local ‘Chinoy’ community, especially the wealthy ones?
How would the US react in a scenario where Russia got fed up with North Korea and decided to annex it to end the hassle once and for all?
Can one country tell another what its environmental regulations should be?
What would Russia do to Ukraine after their war?
Why is there still a border issue between Pakistan and India?
Is there any chance of Russia and Iran joining hands and becoming strategic partners to dominate the Middle East in near future as they did in Syria?
Has China ever been a first-rate nation?
Why, if the US has always had a conflict with Russia, are there so many Russians in the US?
Is the Silk Road Project just a ploy by China to internationalize RMB and loot the resource-rich but badly-governed Central Asian “-stan” nations?
If every country in the world banded together to invade China and North Korea, how would it turn out and what would the aftermath be?
What is Iran's level of participation in the recent OBOR summit?
When and how may a diplomat be deemed a persona non grata?
Do you think Russia and/or China are going to help denuclearize North Korea?
Is The South China Sea doomed to experience greater conflict, can accommodation be found?
Do Bangladeshis feel any obligation to India for freeing them from the atrocities of Pakistan in 1971?
What is the base of Indian foreign policy?
What's the prognosis of bilateral hydronephrosis related to UPJ obstruction?
Do you think Putin will use Snowden as a bargaining chip?
Why did Albania join NATO?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir issue Modi and Sharif can come up with without angering both countries' populations?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
What is the role of the president in South Korea?
Who is providing weapons to ISIS?
How did Yamamoto justify a preemptive strike on the US?
Why doesn't India propose an India-Nepal-China Economic Corridor and ask China to give up CPEC?
Do people realize the ongoing Machiavellian War to take over the United States from B.R.I.C., Brazil Russia India and China?
Is “People's Republic of China” a republic or not?
What would happen if the USA and North Korea had a nuclear war?
Will Trump lead the US into a war against Iran, given the desires of both Israel and Saudi Arabia?
Can China feed the world?
Why has Xi Jinping failed to deliver the promised reforms?
What is the difference between the LOC and LAC line of actual control between India and Pakistan (with historic explanation)?
What if international platform declares POK as a part of Pakistan? Is this the reason why India is not taking the matter into international forum?
Why are the world community, the intentional media and the UN keeping silent towards what’s happening to the Muslim minority in Myanmar?
Why can't China be a super power?
Should the United States increase economic, diplomatic, and/or military pressure on Russia?
Would it be beneficial for India to conquer Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, and Maldieves for economic and territorial gains? If yes, how much time would it take for the Indian army to accomplish this?
Which country would be easier for US to invade, Pakistan or Saudi Arabia?
Is there anything Donald Trump can do to get Mexico to crack down hard on its drugs besides the wall?
What countries produce and sell weapons to other nations?
Is North Korea really the worst country or is everything about that country just a cooked up story?
Is Project 09852 of the Russian Navy for real? If so, do the West and NATO have countermeasures in place?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
Why don't other countries respect Pakistan?
Why does India give permission to the Pakistani embassy in Delhi to celebrate their Pakistan Day every year?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
Does the Syrian case need foreign intervention?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Nepal is declared a secular state. Are you satisfied with this declaration? Why or why not?
How did Pakistan manage to develop close relations with US and China?
Why would Russia be worried if India halted development of the Kudankulam 5 and 6 reactors?
Why doesn't Russia attack Poland again to teach Poland a lesson?
Why did China lost the “Chola war” against India in 1967?
Should Trump invade North Korea?
What are the odds that Donald Trump will order a military attack of any kind on North Korea?
What if Russia used its S400, S300 and S200 missile defense systems to protect Syria against attacks from the US-led coalition?
Why did India never colonize Pakistan but China colonized Vietnam?
What is the issue between America and North Korea?
Is it ethical to attack and destroy an entire nation to get one man?
Is China playing with fire by trying to test the mettle of the US Navy in the South China Sea?
Why doesn't the USA invade Turkey with the help of the YPG?
Will the United States launch a war against OBOR countries to stop the economic development of Asian countries?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Could all the UN nation states that have nukes blow North Korea off the map?
Is it true that China didn't pressure Nepal to buy anti-aircraft guns in 1989 because the entirety of Nepal already falls within China's AA guns range?
What is the relationship like between Kushner and Bannon?
Do you think ISIS will ever be a problem for Mexico or China if ISIS spreads throughout all continents like a plauge?
Why doesn't the USA switch to residence based taxation like the rest of the world uses?
Could America, Russia, and China work together?
How would other countries react if Switzerland invaded and annexed Liechtenstein?
Why are nations bunched up in coalitions of alliances now instead of singular alliances between each other? Is this to ensure global peace?
Will Saudi Arabia survive without the help of the United States?
What would China's reaction be to Mongolia if they industrialized as China has?
Can the Chinese and the Russians project their military power across the globe? If yes, which one does it better?
Do you think the sword dance in Saudi Arabia that Trump partook in is a precursor for a coming war with Iran, given the historical purpose of such a dance?
What characteristics define diplomatically?
Why was Aksai Chin important to China?
If Lata, Asha, Amitabh and Schin make goodwill visits to Pakistan at its government's official invitation, will it reduce the nuclear threat in South Asia?
Why do some people believe North Korea is not a bad country?
Does the fact that India is nonaligned increase or decrease the chances of foreign countries invading India, should civil war break out?
Were the Tatars who came back to Crimea, after spending several generations in places like Uzbekistan, given Russian citizenship now?
What are the things in which Russia outsmarts the USA?
What if all of Russia's previous lands were added back to itself instantly? What would the effects be?
What is the Israel-Palestine issue, and how does it influence Indo-Arab relations?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
When was Portugal closer to annex Galicia?
Why did the British start trade relations with India?
Does India deserve to get a permanent seat on the UN security council?
Who runs Pakistan, the government, the army, ISI, or China indirectly?
Would Albania or Montenegro be backed by the West in a potential conflict?
Can India become a permanent member of the UNSC if it manages to make more than 2K nukes in the next 5 years?
How could we analyse the India-China relations in the present geopolitical and geostrategic scenario of global politics?
Which country is worse: Venezuela or North Korea?
Would NATO countries or Russia and China refuse to help an ally that is on a suicidal war mission? Would allies see getting bombed as a no deal?
If North Korea were to fully deploy ICBMs that could reach California, would liberals support a war against them?
Who was the Chinese president who renamed the country the People’s Republic of China?
Is there any career for someone who is very interested in international diplomacy?
Is India now the most populous country in the world? How long before India overtakes the USA & China in GDP as well & become a superpower?
Why has the European Union not succeeded in becoming a stable & powerful single global player?
Why has Russia been sending military aircraft near Alaskan airspace?
With Trump, it looks like the fall of the US has begun, will this vacuum bring Russia, China and countries like India in the forefront?
Why don't the EU countries have a powerful military?
Is Pakistan the son or brother of India, because Pakistan is derived from Indian territory?
Why does Iran not support India directly in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case?
If China is atheist, why do they claim that the LGBT community has no rights?
Are Russia and China great friends?
While ISIS is undoubtedly more dangerous than Al-Qaeda at the moment, aren't they also much easier to fight against than most other terrorist groups?
Why does the west dislike Russia?
Why is North Korea so focused on the ability to launch a long rang nuclear missile at the United States?
Can Pakistan become more powerful than India?
What has been happening in Syria for the past 6 years?
Did we recover the missiles launched by North Korea?
Were the nations of the USA and Russia friends after JFK was put down?
What is the real objective of forming a grand alliance of Muslim countries’ armies? To fight ISIS or to contain Iran?
Has Pakistan given anything useful to the world?
How can terrorism be nullified if it is solely based on revenge and not on religion?
Will China become a superpower through OBOR?
Why is Iran dangerous from a western point of view?
Why does Pakistan beg for talks with India?
If India has to declare war against Pakistan, then who will declare war? Would it be the IT Indian Army Chief or the Prime Minister of India?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Why is India trying to deepen her relations with both Israel and Palestine? Do you think that would make either side skeptical of India?
Will China complete the economic corridor with Pakistan, passing through POK?
Which colleges in Pune offer M.A. in international relations?
How are America's traditional allies adjusting to the instability and uncertainty of the current administration?
Is Russia's nuclear capability better than the one of the United States?
Why is it that international forces, NATO, and other countries don't take military actions against Pakistan, which nurtures and advances terrorism?
If Trump were to order a nuclear strike on North Korea, what would it do to his popularity?
Why did India not join China's OBOR despite needing $1 trillion to upgrade it's infrastructure?
Why can Indian commercial ships pass through Chinese territory in the South China Sea, but Chinese commercial vessels cannot pass through Pakistan Kashmir?
How is the IDF still more powerful than Saudi Arabia?
Generally, do you approve or disapprove of the efforts of the United States?
Whatever North Korea is doing now, was it expected?
Why do Kashmiris keep harping on plebiscite when it has only two options - to join India or Pakistan?
Will Saudi Arabia face a credit crisis soon?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
Why has North Korea launched a missile against Russia recently, when their enemy is America?
How did the creation of Israel create tensions in the Middle East?
Has Modi too much attached his foreign policy with US and Israel?
China: Can Pakistan be more developed than India and China by 2050?
Will peace ever be established between Israel and Muslim countries?
Which countries are Iran's enemies? Why?
Chinese company's are investing in the USA for manufacturing but the Chinese government fears there could be a tax war between USA and China. What are some thoughts on this?
Does Israel support the kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Why does Morocco want to annex Bechar province in Algeria?
Why does the USA and Russia have way more bombs?
What would happen if the UN became one superstate?
Is Israel blackmailing the US?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
Will India and Israel sign a pact of mutual cooperation in the event of either country getting attacked?
Why is the Arab World more diplomatically successful than Iran?
Why is it taking so long for this government to solve the Kashmir issue?
Why does Bangladesh hate Pakistan more than any country in the world including India although not Pakistani people?
Can Americans be extradited to India for breaking their map law?
Will the US nuke N. Korea if present tension escalates? Will it impact China? How?
Is it possible for all of us Indians to stop using made in China goods to tame it?
To what extent is it the responsibility of the United States to deal with the current situation in Syria, if you believe it is at all?
Is it true that China has abducted India's Sukhoi jet pilot because it flew over Arunachal Pradesh?
Why is India not at all answering to Pakistan's cruelty?
Should India colonize Pakistan?
Why did China leave Arunachal Pradesh when it had conquered it in the 1962 war?
Can the Ukrainian Army defeat Russia if it gets all of its military needs from the US?
Why is USA against North Korea?
Is the U.S. still allied with Israel?
Why is it that only 2% of Australians live in the Yellow Area?
Can China's belt & road initiatives change the regional conflicts into regional prosperity?
How do I become a powerful searcher?
Is Trump endangering America by revealing to Russia the potential sources and methods of our allies?
What is a correct label for Russia’s aggression in eastern Ukraine: “hybrid war,” “proxy war,” or “undeclared war”?
Is the South Asian University's political science master’s (international relations) better than that of Delhi University?
How can decentralised transparency tackle inequality & human greed?
Why does China demand restraint on North Korea, when in reality they are not under any threat in the slightest?
Is it important to take into account protecting Christians in the Middle East when talking about creating an Arab Nato?
Is there a way it could be negotiated to have North Korea absorbed into China since North Korea is so dependant on China?
Who are the owners of the United States?
What do Sunni Arabs think of the Israeli/Saudi anti-Iran alliance?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
What would likely be the US Treasury’s take on a $350 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia?
Do you think North Korea is a bad country to live in?
What U.N. member is the most powerful?
Why is the west so opposed to a strong Iran?
Why not use the influence of Bill Clinton and Bill Richardson to make a deal with North Korea to stop its missile developments?
Recent conflict in Myanmar?
Why would the Russian government ever side with North Korea?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
Why doesn't United Nations poke it's nose in North Korea?
When will India show its might to Pakistan?
What was the US warship doing near the Wansha Islands in the South China Sea?
Can Syria legally sue Qatar and Saudi Arabia for funding the jihadists that destroyed the country?
If the US and the USSR came to a peaceful agreement, why can't the US and North Korea do the same thing today?
Which countries are enemies of North Korea?
Why did the USA join the League of Nations?
What are the best advices for an undergrad student of international relations?
What is going to happen, or is happening to the planet right now?
Which IR theory applies to NATO's policy?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
Would EU nations consider Germany a threat when they spend more on their military?
Why did the United States play the largest role in the Nurenberg Trials instead of a joint US-UK-France-USSR trial?
Can China defeat Nepal?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
If North Korea ever reached the U.S. with a nuke, would Russia and China step aside & let the U.S. destroy North Korea without retaliating in return?
How do I explain the Israel-Palestine conflict to someone in one sentence?
What is the problem in Syria?
If you were trusted to invade any country you want, what country would you invade and why?
What are the areas in which India and China can work together?
What is the root reason for the fight between India and Pakistan?
What are the possible caveat or risks with the OBOR and CPEC endeavour?
What do you feel is the one thing the United States could or should do to “lead by example” as a world power?
What would happen if India invaded Nepal?
What will happen if North Korea starts a war?
What are the barriers to a one-state solution in the Israel and Palestine conflict?
Was the United States right to reject the Treaty of Versailles?
Why is Russia going against Indian interests by joining CPEC? India understood Russian actions in Crimea, so why is Russia not understanding ours?
Is the European Union a signatory of the '1951 Convention Relating the Status of Refugees' and the '1967 Protocol' as a single entity?
What are some examples of interventions by the USA in other countries affairs that hasn't been a disaster? Especially military ones.
What if a country disobeys the verdicts of international court of justice?
How do countries buy weapons?
Why should Taiwan be considered a country?
Could the media be driving the tensions between Russia and the U.S.? Could that lead to war?
Should Afghanistan invade Pakistan's Pashtun majority areas to make them part of Loy Afghanistan?
What is your opinion on India skipping China's BRF summit ceremony? What would be the implications of this?
Can India take up proxy war with China on the Aksai issue as what Pakistan stands in front of a mighty huge nation like India and fight for Kashmir?
If North Korea suddenly decided to become a democracy, how long would it take for the world to accept them?
Many countries on the South China Sea are turning towards the US to back their claims. Would the US really be a trustworthy ally for them?
Why didn't the Philippines become a US territory like Okinawa?
What if China invaded Japan and the USA had no nukes?
Is Trump planning to attack Israel? It seems that he's actually against Israel based on previous events.
What if The Beatles had defected to North Korea?
In the future, can Vietnam ask China to share its space program?
How will the U.S.' relations with the Middle East change if Canada and Russia become the U.S.' primary petroleum suppliers instead of S.A. and Canada?
Would India be able to defend Arunanchal and Kashmir in the case of a two-pronged attack from China and Pakistan?
Will China open up to the world?
What would be the conclusion of a hypothetical war between India and Pakistan?
Will Nepal joining OBOR be harmful to Biharis living in Nepal?
Will the Iranian elections affect Iran-US relations?
In today's scenario is it beneficial for India to ally with Russia or America?
How does Israel fight with 12 countries?
Now what will happen to EC?
If Australia and the British Isles would suddenly switch places, how quickly would this affect both nation's natural environment?
Why is India supporting terrorism in Afghanistan through supporting ISIS?
In times when we are moving towards consolidation, like formation of europian union, is it foolish for any state of a country to ask for independence?
If there was a civil war in Mongolia, where would the refugees go: China or Russia?
Now that Pakistan is on its way to become a puppet state of China, how will it affect the rampant terrorist havens in Pakistan?
Will wars ever be over?
Why did Moldova not unite with Romania and become a part of the EU?
Why does Pakistan struggle economically and politically when compared to India?
Does the bilateral relations between India and China deteriorate the notions about people of India (given that we still love Chinese people)?
What do Turks and Kurds in the US think about the recent clashes in Washington between them?
Does Vladimir Putin have a wife and children?
What would happened if all the countries merged into one country?
If Iran offers one trillion dollars to President Trump (USA) to modernize Iran, will the relationship between the USA and Iran get better?
Why do Americans consider China to be an enemy despite majority of Chinese people’s, and, even Chinese government’s, support for President Trump?
How does a missile launch, like the one by North Korea, make sure that it doesn't hit any aircraft?
Is it true that Israel is a rogue country?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
All the hype about North Korea, is it a precursor to start a war like we did in Iraq?
It is perfectly ok for India not to join in OBOR projects. Why has India been jealous of other countries joining in OBOR, and why has it been badmouthing OBOR?
Have the Philippines threatened to steal oil from Chinese territories in the South China Sea?
What do we get by creating terror around the world?
What are the consequences if both Pakistan and China simultaneously attacked India?
Do Indians have the basics to be called the next superpower?
If the US declared war on Russia, where and how would they attack first?
How many casualties would Russia sustain in order to completely conquer and annex a prepared and mobilized Finland 1v1? (nukes exluded)
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Why doesn't Pakistan rename itself as Chaplusi-Stan of China?
Does the inception of China Pak Economic Corridor (CPEC) is a sign that Gilgit - Baltistan or even Aksai Chin is a lost cause for India?
Is it possible to end the Kim regime and reunite Korea without a greater war breaking out?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Iranians were killed while fighting ISIS, and Arabia supported them. Trump says Iran is evil and Arabia is good. How do we justify this contradiction?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Does Article 147 of the Indian Constitution make India a non sovereign nation?
How long does it take the UN to take action on some issue?
How do we know what each of the world's militaries consist of? Do China, Russia, and the US really give out that information?
Given that there is bipartisan agreement that Russia influenced the US election, why have there been no talks regarding additional sanctions?
What's wrong with a three-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
Is Cupid Ltd a hidden multibagger?
How do I become a consultant for the United Nations?
Why can't Donald Trump use military force against North Korea?
How does Russia's expansionist tendencies threaten the national security or democracy of Great Britain or USA?
What is the interest of US, Russia, Iran and Saudi Arabia in the Syrian war?
Why doesn't/shouldn't the US government threaten to not repay the money it owes to China, if China continues island building in the SCS?
Why has Pakistan annoyed Iran by joining the Saudi coalition?
Why does Russia have so many sattelites?
In an impoverished country where the people are starving and public services are minimal, where does N. Korea get the money for missiles and A-bomb tech?
Why did Pakistan expel Bohemia for being a Christian?
After a WWIII, only two countries survived: Romania and Lithuania. If they go to war with each other, who will win?
Why does India want to annex Nepal?
What do citizens of tiny Arab states think about Pakistan?
If Pakistan breaks into five countries (Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan, FATA, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), will the name Pakistan still be applicable?
Is it smart for US and Israel that Trump gave Saudi Arabia such sophisticated military technology in its commercial deal, given their 'radical Islam'?
How safe is Sarawak from any geopolitical conflict?
Why did Egypt buy expensive helicopter carriers from France after France refused to deliver them to Russia?
Can the world keep hoping that both Iran and Israel will lead the effort to bring peace to the Middle East?
What does the US gain from providing economic and military aid to Israel?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
How do I start understanding the modern world -- current events, politics, contemporary history? What blogs, books, documentaries, etc. should I look in to?
Why does India blame Pakistan for every mal-incident that takes place in their homeland?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
What is the latest situation in Syria?
What is OBOR? And why is China pressuring India to join OBOR?
Why is the CPEC a big win-win for Pakistan and China, and a big loss for India?
Being a Greek citizen, I trust the EU far more than I trust my country. Is that bad?
If a billionaire asks to rebuild Syria, can he be granted sovereignty?
Would Russia be on America’s side or North Korea’s side if WW3 breaks out?
How does a country maintain a high gross fixed capital formation? Can a Latin American nation copy that of China and the Asian tigers?
Can Modi tame Pakistan to India's advantage?
Should countries take refugees from another country?
What effect will the UN report have on the OBOR Project by China? ( see link)
What does NATO get out of Afganistan?
What should India learn from the rise of China?
Why has India isolated itself from UNSC-supported OBOR in the world?
Is Iran serious about destroying Israel or is that just for intimidation?
Do the people in Iran feel that the Chinese have made too much money from Iran?
Why is China always against India in the United Nations Security Council?
As an American, what are your views on Indo-American defence relations in recent times (2012 onwards)?
What impact would 'Eurobonds' have on the financial health of the European Union?
What are the state and non-state actors in international relations?
Why has Somaliland not been recognized as an independent country by any members of the UN?
Is there any country which has never been successfully invaded?
What are North Korea's geopolitical aims and interests?
How many troops would it take to fully occupy and defeat Russia?
Do Pakistanis wish to merge with China?
Is selecting international relations a better career option?
Does China attract global spending?
How does the US rank in the world as far as reasonably humane prison conditions, let's say, according to the UN (not the US)?
How can North Korea and Iran defend themselves against a military takeover from a powerful aggressor like the USA, without having nuclear weapons of their own?
What are the dangers of taking a flight from Gatwick to Lanzarote?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
How does the UN define terrorism?
What's Pakistan’s current policy of an illegal militia?
What is wrong with India's foreign policy?
Would America use nuclear weapons against China if the US was defeated in a future war?
Why does the United States demand special privileges from its allies?
Would war induced by North Korea devastate the West beyond repair?
Does India respect Chinese territory in South China Sea?
What does Russia mean?
What will be the consequences if America lose their power to rule the world against Russia?
Are people on Quora aware that the Iraqi militia operating in Syria is now shooting at U.S. aircraft?
How are the diplomatic visit programs?
If Arabia was united after WW1, would the Middle East be a better place?
Has Russia challenged the sanctions by the US and EU under the WTO charter?
When did the League of Nations come into existence?
Why is chess given so much importance in tactics, foreign policy, and strategy making?
How come there is an ISIS magazine?
Which country has friendlier relations with Azerbaijan, Israel or Iran?
How does Russia have such a negative influence in the world with only 1.9% of the world’s GDP?
What kind of international relations do Japan and Hungary have?
How does China influence Pakistan?
Can I work at the UN security council after the YPP examination?
How many J-20s would China need to dominate the skies around China's border, particularly, China's east coast?
Would Americans be able to defend their borders without their military for a year?
Trump today forcibly made it known to NATO nations that they need to pay their fair share for defense. What are your thoughts on this and their conference today?
How can one reach out to the UN?
What would be the scenario in the case of a close friendship forming between India & Pakistan?
What would happen if every country in the world declared war on each other?
What were North Korea's contributions to the Svalbard seed vault?
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
Why do countries​ such as Germany​, Japan​, India, Australia, Brazil​ and​ South​ Africa​ go ahead and form a separate​ bloc to take on the UN Security​ Council​?
What are the jobs available after studying international relations?
Would the US and Israel have a similarly good relationship if religion did not factor in?
Why doesn't the USA refuse to trade with any country that engages in trade with North Korea?
Are the relations between the Philippines and the US improving?
What is the significance of a foreign community to a country?
What is the best university in Netherland to study International relations?
What do Trump supporters think of Trump offering weapons to Saudi Arabia?
Why do we need help from foreign countries with designs & other aspects of living. Are we not able to built huge structures ourselves? What isn’t working in our civil engineering?
Whom do the Syrian Turkmens support in the Syrian civil war?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
When Philippine President Duterte started siding with Russia, terrorism followed in the Philippines, do you think the US is behind this?
Is there anyway that there can be peace between India and Pakistan?
Why doesn't India slap sanctions against Pakistan instead of asking other countries to do so?
How can other countries help Syria?
Did China blow off the Sukhoi-30 near the Indian border?
Why has Pakistan CPEC already conquered India without a war?
Is an India-Pakistan war, conventional or otherwise, possible between 2017 and 2022? If so, who will end up with a greater edge in local geopolitics?
Can Trump solve the Middle East conflict?
Why Indian could not become super power like Pakistan?
Is the Philippine-American military alliance anti-China?
How much can Iran progress under the current regime?
Will India break the Indus Water Treaty if Pakistan hangs Kulbhushan Yadav after the ICJ verdict?
What is the special relationship between Great Britain and America?
If the West stayed out of the Middle East, would Saudi Arabia and Iran end up at war?
Are countries still suspicious of Germany if they increase their military?
Can the world be in peace without leadership? If so, why do almost all countries have rebels?
Does the African Union spend more on humanitarian aid or counterterrorism efforts in East Africa?
What do Serbs think about joining the European Union or the Eurozone (EU currency zone)?
Are America, Saudi Arabia, and Israel allies of ISIS?
What can Israel and its supporters do to counter the lies, distortion and hatred it faces continuously in the press, media and on university campuses?
What will happen if China, Pakistan and Russia come together and fight against India?
Would you agree that during the Cold War, the UK was the 3rd most powerful country in the world after the two superpowers i.e. the US and the USSR?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
Why do Hindus of India want to annex Nepal?
Instead of attacking ISIS, why doesn’t the world sanction them?
What would be done if a country decided to colonize Antarctica, disregarding the Antarctic Treaty?
Will Russia punish India heavily and dump them if India becomes and ally of USA?
Why did America invade libya?
If Saudi Arabia invaded Syria instead of Yemen, would they be successful?
How did North Korea become such an isolated, totalitarian state?
How can the United States prevent China from surpassing it economically and militarily?
Will the world do the best about the crisis in Syria?
How is Iran going to deal with Pak terror?
Why has India been jealous of Bangladesh who attracted huge FDI to Bangladesh from China?
What is the greatest threat to the North Korean regime next to knowledge from outside of the country?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
What would happen if all of the continents declared war with each other with no nuclear weapons used?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
If the US lost a non-nuclear world war to Russia and China, how powerful would Russia and China become after the war?
Was the Operation Iraqi Freedom a disingenuous expenditure of American military might, given that the US and NATO provided them w/chembio weapons?
What do you think of the relationship between China and the United States?
What is the social situation in Syria?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
How do sanctions impact foreign companies in the host country?
I would really like to donate money for humanitarian efforts in Syria. Which are the organizations that are genuinely helping civilians in Syria?
Why can’t India become as peaceful and stable as Canada or New Zealand?
What did we actually lose when India and Pakistan were made into 2 nations?
Would the USA, in the present time with modern military tech, be able to defeat Russia without any allies, even during Russia's winter season?
Why is North Korea attacking us and what does it want from it?
Who would win, European Union (EU) vs Russia 2017 Army/Military?
How I can find free national and international seminars/conferences related to social science?
What is it like to battle the Russian military in armed conflict?
Why is India not taking serious actions against Pakistan, while Pakistan is crossing its limits every day?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Wasn't the act of Chinese jets flying inverted against US military aircraft or “pulling a Chinese Top Gun” the ultimate insult to Americans?
How can we analyse the impacts of Chinese diplomatic relations on Sri Lanka's economy?
Why does Russia never become developed like USA?
Is global warming happening right now?
In what fields can we say that "Pakistan Is The First to… "?
Why do people who think the Iraq war was wrong want the USA to get involved in Syria?
If war breaks out in North Korea, would it be helpful for me to volunteer with an aid organization?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Are the United States and North Korea going to war anytime soon?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
Why was there a war between the USA and Vietnam?
Tensions continue to rise in NK, the USA, & Russia. Could World War 3 happen soon? Would Russia & NK launch nukes before the U.S. military arrived?
What would Pakistan gain by giving India the most favored nation status?
What would happen if the United States stopped treating Saudi Arabia like a close ally?
Why does the map of India include P.O.K. (Pakistan-occupied Kashmir)?
Is a real war likely to break out between North Korea and the USA? Who would be the first one to provoke it?
How is one country superior to other country in science and technology?
Is there a chance that the USA in the future may break into multiple sovereign countries?
What if Pakistan remained adamant even after the ICJ ruling?
How badly is Hirohito hated in China?
Why does Merkel threaten to withdraw troops from Turkey?
What's the best way to explain in 5 minutes or less why people protest to show support for Palestine and why they are right?
What are the new trends in foreign policy?
What did the USA spend their money on the Cold War?
What are some of the useful magazines and interesting books on international relations that Rahul Shrivastava would recommend?
How would you change the world if you had superpower?
What is the biggest hoax you've ever heard about CPEC?
Was the US the bad guys in the invasion of Iraq?
How can I get a scholarship in the USA for studying an M.A. in international relations?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
Why it is not advisable for India to join OBOR with China and other neighbouring countries?
What is a general relationship between Sweden and Finland in terms of sport competition?
How can territorial disputes be best resolved?
Has anyone a list of scriptures where pre-colonial Philippines was mentioned by other Asian countries?
In case of a KSA-Iran war, what would be India's stance?
Is the IHL applied in Syria?
Are Russia and the U.S. on friendly terms, or are we kind of still in a cold war?
How democratic is China?
North Korea launched another ballistic missile, its 17th this year. Do you think the new South Korean president is a bit weak in handling Kim Jong Un?
If North Korea launched a missile with a nuclear warhead at the USA, what would the US do?
Will India's current attitude towards its neighbouring country, China, actually benefit India in the long run?
Does India have diplomatic relationship with North Korea?
How would the world react if Pakistan goes full National Socialist?
How do Americans, generally speaking, view Iran and Turkey?
Was there anything wrong with Trump's diplomacy in Saudi Arabia?
Does Bosnia hate Great Britain?
Chinese Pride: Why are you proud of China?
Why don't we go in guns blazing and take out North Korea?
When are there going to be sanctions against Israel?
China annexed Tibet and Aksai Chin but not Bhutan. Why?
What is the composition of the General Assembly, the Security Council, and the International Court of Justice?
What is Germany's views and diplomatic stance on the War in Donbass?
Why isn’t the US government lifting restrictions on the export of the latest weapon platforms and technologies to India, to boot Russia out of the market?
What is back channel diplomacy and why is India using it to talk to Pakistan?
Why is every international institution against Pakistan?
The United States always invades other countries. Is it more immature for US politicians in dealing with international affairs?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
Is a power transition truly taking place between China and the US? Yes or no, what will this mean for their security relationship in the near future?
Why did India choose to openly condemn China's One Belt One Road initiative?
Have you considered investing in the Ukraine since they are becoming part of the EU?
How will the increasing satellite capability give India a diplomatic edge over neighbouring countries in South Asia?
Why did Syria put landmines in the Golan Heights?
Have the EU processes been updated to accomodate the growing number of members?
Why are most of the Quora posts I am getting in my mail about Pakistan? I hate Pakistan.
If the US couldn't develop Afghanistan despite spending $100 billion, why do Pakistanis think China's $41 billion CPEC will be a game-changer?
How is India not friendly to Pakistan?
Which country has the best chance of holding out for a year against a NATO invasion?
What is the reason behind Pakistan releasing a fake video of them destroying Indian bunkers? Was it really necessary?
What are the odds that Saudi Arabia will become a more liberal country in the near future?
What will happen if Pakistan gets attacked by neighboring countries like India or Iran?
Should Israel intervene on behalf of Trump if the US deep state wants to impeach him?
Is Pakistan snubbed globally?
If Kulbhushan Jadhav is executed to death, will it affect the diplomatic ties between India and Pakistan?
How many American jobs will be created by the $350 billion Saudi arms deal?
Can India annex Tibet? If yes, how?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
Are Russians as afraid of the US as the Americans are afraid of Russia?
What could we do to make Iraq a better country?
Can members of MERCOSUR negotiate and sign free trade agreements individually?
Does it work in America's best interest if businesses generate revenue in America and invest their profits in other countries?
What would happen if Pakistan doesn't comply with the judgement of ICJ?
Is the US preparing to attack North Korea?
Which allied country does the USA trust the least between Japan, Israel, France, Australia, and the UK?
If Russia launches an invasion of Europe now, how far do you think their forces would make it before NATO stood their ground?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
What is the point of international maritime reviews?
How has Pakistan's dream of making Afghanistan it's sixth province failed miserably?
Will the USA ever nuke Pakistan or Iran with MOAB?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Is North Korea going to kill us all like they have said?
Why are America and Israel jealous of the Pak-China friendship and CPEC project?
Is China ready to accommodate the people of the world?
Why did China not even extend an invitation to the Singaporean PM to attend the recently held Belt and Road forum?
Have any Indian Muslims seen a person in India who support terrorist Organizations like ISIS, Al Qaeda, Indian Mujahideen, Naxals, LTTE, Maoist, etc?
Is there a solution to the never-ending Indo-Pakistan crisis?
Do you think it’s important to have a good relationship with one’s neighbors?
How will the Indian economy be impacted if a preemptive nuclear strike at Pakistan is done with no army operations, destroying all their nuclear capability by revoking NFU?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
What are effective international regimes and mechanisms which suit all member states?
Will the relations with the US and NK ever get better or worse?
How would recognising Taiwan as an independent state affect Mainland China?
Is China-Pakistan relationship slowly but surely becoming like that of India-Bhutan? Will Pakistan become a Chinese colony because of CPEC?
Which countries can the UK invade?
How would Israel act if Egypt/Saudi Arabia started building a nuclear reactor claiming it's for defense/deterrence purposes same as what Israel claim?
Why is Pakistan called "terror university" by some people in India?
What should Pakistan do to strengthen friendly relations with India? What should it do to form a warm and peaceful environment with India?
After the Riyadh Summit, when should we expect a fully-fledged war on Iran?
How did the geography affect the Ancient Middle East's economy?
Is Germany forever doomed to be a non-veto member of the UN?
If China tried to attack Pakistan, would India send its forces to defend Pakistan?
Theoretically, if Indonesia were to invade Australia without America’s nuclear umbrella or support, what would happen?
Why does the US care about the Middle East so much?
If the Kurdish referendum for independence succeeds in Iraq, and Turkey says no and invades, what can the US do, considering that Turkey is in NATO?
What are the problems and prospects of Ukraine's partnership with the countries of southeast?
On the same weekend as the record-breaking arms deal, the Saudis announced a $100 million donation to the Ivanka fund. What do you think?
How would our world be if there were no countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia on the world map?
Who is a greater threat to Western hegemony, China or Russia?
Why did the Pakistani lawyer wear a wig in ICJ on Kulbhushan Jadhav's case?
What alliance do you belong to?
The Kim family has been ruling North Korea successfully for years. Are we witnessing the start of a similar era in the USA under the Trump family?
What is universally considered the least hated country? What about the most?
Are NATO countries not paying their fair share into the NATO pot?
Can you envision a future where Bangladesh, India and Pakistan become united as one country?
What do you see in North Korea's long term future if they are not destroyed in a war?
Will Kulbhushan Jadhav’s hanging result in a war between India and Pakistan?
How are the placements in the Asia Pacific region?
What would happen if France left NATO?
What is the history of western intervention in Iraq if any?
Why does India hate China siding with Pakistan?
Do some Germans and Europeans experience schadenfreude when observing American military power and the problems it brings the USA?
What is the significance of the news that Pakistan has declared all their forward air bases operational?
Why does the whole world despise Pakistan?
Why is the USA holding off against evacuating South Korea and using special forces to incapacitate North Korea? It doesn't seem logical.
Which country is the biggest obstacle for India in getting the "power of veto" (in the United Nations)?
Can Russia, China and Pakistan nuke the USA and NATO?
If one day Pakistan forms an alliance with America against China, will China punish Pakistan like it did to Vietnam?
Should Scandinavia unite as a single nation? Would they be successful?
Are we going to have a WW3 soon, with all these threats from North Korea?
Did the CIA launch the Friday 'Ransomware' attack?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
What countries are not sovereign states?
Will NATO countries and other American allies restrict US access to intelligence information, as President Trump is perceived as a security risk?
Is Nepal joining China's BRI a threat to the Indian Madhesi people of Nepal?
Would North Korea be forced to abandon its nuclear program if China implemented an oil embargo?
Why does Spotify still not have India's Top 50? Even smaller countries are being covered, but not India.
How diverse is your country?
Why is it that China - Korea relationship had always been more peaceful than China - Vietnam relationship?
Does China still view Vietnam as a child country?
Why does India believe that over 130 countries participating with China in the OBOR forum is a security threat to India?
What do people in Iran think of Israel?
Were Russians in Syria warned about Trump's missile strike?
How would Putin know if the information Trump shared with Russia was classified?
Who has a more independent foreign policy from the USA between France and the UK?
Will the recent US airstrikes on Syria (18th May) affect the US/Russia relations?
What are the legal hurdles for the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) on the international front?
Which countries are Tunisia's allies and enemies?
How did employment of the US and soviets impact the rest of the world?
Are civillian army's legal, like the ones in Syria fighting ISIS?
Why do many of USA's states have straight borders?
What will happen if a country that hosts a US Military Base is invaded?
What would happen if the Vatican City declared war on another nation?
What would happen if 11 destroyers from India headed towards the USA?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
What can China and the US do for North Korea in order to achieve peace?
Which two countries hate each other more, India vs Pakistan or China vs Japan?
Is Sri Lanka dictating foreign policy to India?
Why Pakistan is treated like a dog by Saudi Arabia?
What have KSA, UAE, and Turkey done to help solve the conflict in Syria?
Is the rise of state sponsored 'cyber attacks' the biggest threat to international security today?
What is it about the US culture that they disrespect the sovereignty of individuals and nations that cannot defend themselves?
Why don't Sri Lankans try to be happy like Bhutan instead of playing the 'China card'?
How do I avoid the irritation that I get when my country is called an underdeveloped nation by the same nation that looted us?
Why does Turkey believe that Kurds do not deserve to have their own independent country?
How is Russia going to react to the recent U.S. airstrike in Syria on May 18?
If the USA invaded Russia, what would be the outcome (no nuclear warfare)?
Could America win a non-nuclear war against everyone outside of NATO?
Could USA & Russia come together to finish Islam?
Does legitimacy play an important role in the European Union? Where are its strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
Why does India have a high commission instead of an embassy in Pakistan?
What is the present status of India- Russia ties?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Is it possible for India to go to war with the US?
Why is Pakistan collaborating with China and not India for their nation's development?
What countries are most likely to go extinct in the next 250 years due to possible war or genocide?
How is the relationship between Germany and Israel today?
Why does India try hard to break UN-backed international laws to entry NSG without signing NPT?
What will be the effect of the recent US sanctions on Pakistani terror groups?
How is the bilateral relation between Indonesia and Singapore?
Why is India not reacting in the same way that Iran threatened to do regarding Pakistan terrorists?
Why does India have no embassies in many countries?
Will I be accepted at the US border if I've been to Turkey, India and Saudi Arabia the last two years?
If there is a nuclear war between India and Pakistan, and China intervenes to help Pakistan, will America intervene and assist India?
Should India follow the same protectionist policies as China?
Pakistan made the right decision regarding the CPEC, which could be beneficial to Pakistan for 100 years. Is this the reason why India has been badmouthing the CPEC?
What would happen if Pakistan happened to be a strong nation and India was comparatively weaker?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
How do the main theories of international relations define science?
What are the most favourite foods in the Middle East?
Should India mount pressure on China with the help of other superpowers?
Is India careening toward international isolation?
Why did Turkey veto cooperation between NATO and Austria?
Does North Korea really want to attack the US?
Which are the two different coalitions fighting ISIS in Syria?
Why do people say that America will lose its status as a superpower? And if it is true, what would happen to the American people?
How will foreign heads of state conduct foreign policy when they realize that the President of the United States is a thug?
What would be some good free online universities for International relation?
How long should I wait after submitting an argument piece to the editors of Foreign Policy?
Is the CIA responsible for providing the funds to carry forward the South China Sea dispute?
What is India's stance on the Syrian crisis?
How do I become powerful in the cyber world?
Is it possible to physically see Syria and Turkey from Cyprus?
Why did the Chinese fighter jets intercept the US military aircraft over the East China Sea? What did China achieve by doing this?
Aside from Snowden, who else has Russia given political asylum to in the last 20 years?
Has India really been interfering in the internal matters of Nepal?
If China invaded the Philippines, would it be like Vietnam again?
What if I use mercenary and invade a small country like Tuvalu or Bhutan? Can I rule the country then?
What is your review of Bulgaria's foreign policies during the Balkan Wars?
If North Korea launched a nuke, what would be the blast radius?
Why has India been ranked as the most ignorant nation in the world?
Was there any punitive measure taken against the U.S. by the UN?
Does Trump actually have a plan/proposal for the Middle East to put to Israel?
Why is China in the UN security council despite fighting against the UN (and killing many UN soldiers) during the Korean War?
Which media sources does United Nations recognize for factual bases?
How can the USA revive two infrastructure projects in Asia to counter China's?
If Iran and Pakistan went to war, who's likely to win?
Under what circumstance have pre-emptive military strikes been justifiable?
What are NATO members’ budget obligations?
Wouldn't it be better for the USA if it had strong ties with Russia, Putin or not?
Could the US take on every country on Earth in a non-nuclear war and survive?
What makes a country prosperous?
I want to study international relation. Is it a good choice for a major? What are the job opportunities it could lead to?
Does India fear China and Pakistan?
Do Russian regions have true power even though Russia is officially a federation?
What do you think about Basuki Tjahaja Purnama a.k.a Ahok about his case? What's PBB are for?
What would happen if some Third World nations left UN membership and then created their own organization to express their anti-Western hegemony?
Why is the USA considered a superpower? What makes it a superpower?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
What would happen if the US pulls back all of its troops and dollars flowing into Afghanistan?
Is India getting isolated at the global stage, especially after the recent US elections and China's OBOR project issue?
Looking back, do Chinese people today feel that Mao was soft on India? Did China really need to give South Tibet to India despite winning the war?
How do industrial development, military power and population contribute to the foreign policy of any state?
Would North Korea approve a hypothetical underground China-South Korea tunnel?
Why is North Korea hell on earth?
Who are the best allies of India?
How credible are reports that Israeli intelligence is worried about sharing intel with the US due to Trump's relationship with Russia, and thus Iran?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Why did India join the Non-Aligned Movement?
What is better for India: good relations with China and Pakistan or with the USA and Israel?
What is your feeling about the future of the United Kingdom?
If China were the leader of the world, what role would the US and EU take?
What is the social relationship like between England and Greece?
Has Pakistan “fought” any wars with countries other than India?
Is it possible for the world to speak Mandarin in 20 years because China is expanding its outreach to other countries and its culture?
Which 3 countries are most responsible for the rise of the radical & fundamentalist terrorist forces around the world today?
India is becoming a superpower, so what is the most important factor?
What do the people of Taiwan think of ROC claiming so many territories which belong to other countries as a part of China?
Why is US at war with one or the other country always?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
Does the country that you're from affect how you start a relationship with people from other countries?
Is it possible that North Korea is secretly planning to attack India?
If The United States of America go to war with China, which side will Singapore choose to stand with?
If Pakistan refuses to accept the verdict of the ICJ, then can India also break the Indus Waters Treaty & refuse to accept the verdict of the ICJ in retaliation?
Will Pakistan allow to screen Indian film showing friendship between countries and would it change their mindset?
Why did the world converge to having a few hundred countries, instead of 10x more or less?
Can India and China be good friends?
What is the newest country to join SAARC?
Are the top 3 powers of the world China Russia and America?
How is a NATO policy (such as the decision to fight ISIS) made? Is NATO truly an independent entity? Does the U.S. have veto power in NATO?
How did the Marshall Plan benefit the United States given that it looks like a charitable act which seldom takes place in international diplomacy?
Why didn’t Iran take part in the Saudi Arabia Conference?
What was the relationship between Reza Shah and the Kurds?
Was it Putin's blue dream to annex not only the Crimea, but also the entire Southeast of Ukraine, and connect the borders of Russia with Transnistria?
Why did Germany invade Russia in 1941?
Brazil's JBS, the world's largest beef exporter, was recently found guilty of racketeering in Brazil, but the USA government is leaving it alone. Why?
When a war breaks out between two countries, are the diplomats called back home by nations from embassies?
Can a country (that is not the US) declare war on the Indian reservations located within the US?
When did the European​ countries find out that the US was a rising superpower and that it was going to overshadow them?
What is the best possible solution for the Kashmir conflict in India' s perspective?
In case of a clash between India and China, which side will Russia take, and why? What will Russia do if the same clash happens between India and Pakistan?
Are Putin & Co. laughing at America now?
What is the difference between the UN, NATO, and OSCE?
Why does Turkey allow Australians to celebrate Anzac day on it's territory?
Can we come out of the UN?
What is the stand/role of US in the rising tension between India and Pakistan?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
How many years will India take to become a superpower like the USA?
Why did Saudi Arabia grant Zakir Naik citizenship to protect him from Interpol when he is wanted in terror-related cases?
What are some criticisms of Saudi Arabia people at their government?
Do you agree if ASEAN merged into one country? and why?
Why can't tye US reveal countries that is slaughtering innocent civilians by the hundreds everyday in Iraq and Syria?
What will happen if the USA declares war on China? Will it affect India in any way?
Does the Russian influence in American foreign policy and elections mean we should start studying Russian?
Are we really on the brink of WW3 given North Korea's new stance and successful test and the US now sending another ship to the peninsula? What does this mean?
What would happen if all nations support India for NSG but China?
Is China the next India?
Would China help Iran if the US and Israel conducted their usual business of invading other countries?
What exactly is happening in the Middle-East? What led to conflict there? Who is behind all this and when did it start?
What would happen if a border between two countries was split in between your house?
Can the United States defend against an imminent EMP attack?
How is the summer school at diplomatic academy of Russia?
What will be the response from China and Russia if the Ransomware attack came from North Korea?
How much does Israel rely on its alliance with the U.S. for its survival?
Why is the USA so close to Israel?
Does Croatia have an extradition treaty with the US?
How can India and Pakistan live peacefully and develop themselves as major economies?
How close to a major conflict are we with North Korea? Should we be concerned with their current state of nuclear arms?
Who profits from the $350 billion arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia? Is it the arms vendors or politicians?
In the future, can Nepal claim the area given to India by the treaty between British and Nepal?
How come Saudi Arabia and Oman are rich nations but Yemen which borders both is poor?
Why are there conflicts between India and Pakistan whenever the BJP comes to power in India?
How can I speak to Minister of Embassy of the People's Republic of China in the U.S.A?
If you could remove V.V. Putin from power, but in return, you had to replace him with another Russian politician, who would it be, and why?
What is the best institute for piping courses that provides the best placements assurance?
Should we even be worrying about a military draft with all the issues with North Korea?
Should we fear a nuclear attack from North Korea?
Is a war likely going to happen with what is happening in Korea and the Middle East?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Even after getting a majority in the country, why is the BJP not putting trade sanctions on Pakistan?
Why does the United States try so hard to maintain its position as world hegemony?
If you had the power to bring one historical former nation back to the present day, what country would it be and why?
When does Pakistan change its mindset against India?
If the world is bankrupt can China take a lead?
Why does China not encourage all countries to have nuclear weapons?
How screwed would your country be if some technologically advanced country attacked your home country (any strong military in the 2010s are allowed)?
What were some of the friendly moments between India and Pakistan?
How is an independent country recognized internationally?
Why can't India become as feared as Israel?
What happens to other countries if China keeps its products priced very low?
Would a coup be the best thing that could happen to North Korea?
What is Germany's diplomatic views and stance with regards to the War in Donbass?
Why is Russia interested in Syria?
What would the world be like if every country brought back foreign policy from 1914?
Despite fully opposing Trump, I totally agree with him chastising NATO members for not all contributing 2% of GDP to defense. Why is this a problem?
Is India-Vietnam similar to Turkey-Poland relations?
What were the wars and conflicts in India and China?
What's your opinion on Trump’s speech at the 2017 NATO Summit?
Is there a chance that the USA and Australia will combine their two nations into one super nation in the next few decades?
How does a country (say Saudi Arabia) buying military weapons from another country (say the USA) know the operating rules of the weapon?
Is Eastern Russia indefensible from a Chinese military invasion?
Which countries in the world are still calling the private and temporary tribunal in The Hague a UN backed international law court?
Why has CPEC made Pakistan safer than ever in Pakistan’s history?
Has Russia become a partner of Pakistan?
Why is Hritik Roshan advertising Chinese phones when China is helping Pakistan kill our army men?
If all armies are protecting their countries, who is the aggressor? Who are they protecting it from?
What do people of Iran think about Pakistan?
How likely is a Russia US war in the near future?
What’s the reason behind the fixation of all Indians with the China Pakistan Economic Corridor?
Has the BRICS alliance completely failed now that India and China are foes?
Is it true that India was offered a permanent seat at UNSC?
Pakistan has been troubling us with covert war. How can we cripple Pakistan economically?
Why is Pakistan afraid of vacating Baluchistan on moral grounds?
What are benefits of being an IFS?
Do the other permanent members of the Security Council really approve of India's membership or just pretend to?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
Where can I find out more info on NATO's new headquarters?
Can India ever rise to the status of a superpower?
What reason did Britain have for invading India?
How did China get so strong?
Are Nepalis really patriotic to Nepal?
If a country implements diplomatic reciprocity, would it be forced to give other countries working permits?
How does one become a member of the bar council? Are there any fees regarding it?
If the President of the United States got attacked by terrorists in another country, what are the implications for that country?
What country is the most future proof?
How can India counter the China-Pak duo on OBOR or CPEC?
Should the UN add more permanent members?
Are all member states of the EU required to sign the European Convention on Human Rights?
How does talking to Russian leaders make you a threat to America, or is this just a big lie?
Why is India demanding to get a seat on the UNSC?
How should I target the USA in a nuclear security summit?
If Russia and other former Soviet republics decided to reunite, what would the USA, NATO and the EU do?
What are some opinions on the stance of both the USA and Russia in the Middle East?
Do you agree with Trump when he says we protect every country's borders around the world but we don't protect ours when we should?
Why did the government of India forcefully annex Nizam of Hyderabad's assets in 1990?
What do people think of a nuclear UNSC with nuclear-capable nations in it, but with a rotating veto?
What made Russians and Chechens hate each other? Did it have to do with both having a history of favoring violent confrontation over negotiation?
Why did Britain withdraw from Palestine?
Would North Korea be better if it had been annexed by China?
What If North Korea had been annexed by China?
How are the relations between Syria and Haiti?
What is CPEC for Pakistan?
What could the response of the US be if the investigations come to the conclusion that Russia interfered in our electoral process?
What are some aspects about Japan which are still low-tech even though the country is widely perceived as a high-tech country?
Why did the White House statement on North Korea's firing of a missle mention Russia?
How do I become part of Amnesty International or some big international organizations?
If the US had never invaded Iraq in 1990, would Saddam Hussein have gone on to attempt to conquer other countries? If so, which countries?
What would make someone want to go to war?
If all non-US NATO countries spent 2% of GDP on defence, would the USA spend less?
How is the relationship of Iran with the USA after the USA removed the sanctions on Iran?
What would happen if India occupies Nepal?
If a war were to break out between NATO and their allies on one side and Russia, China, Iran, and Syria on another, which side would India be on?
Why is the USA against North Korea’s nuclear test when the USA itself has a lot of nuclear weapons?
How much will Russia be affected if it nukes it's far eastern side? Ps. This is just a hypothetical question
How should the US attack N. Korea? Why and why not?
Why doesn't the West mind its own business when it comes to North Korea?
What interventions are in place to prevent consumer demands that are detrimental to the Earth? If any exist, are they responsive enough?
Does India share a border with Afghanistan?
Will America help Biafra?
Will India ever be a superpower?
Is the United States prone to deadly terrorist attack?
Why is there an historical precedent for the Palestine government repeatedly turning down two-state solutions?
What is the biggest mistake that a big company has made?
Can Bishop Leopoldo Girelli help improve relations between Vietnam and Vatican?
Is SAU worth doing M.A in international relations? Is it better than JNU for I.R?
What were the diplomatic repercussions for the United States after it withdrew from the Kyoto protocol?
Why is the U.S. the only country in the world that cannot be sanctioned?
Which country does India fear the most and why?
What would happen to the Philippines if EU imposed economic sanctions on it?
Why did God only appear in the Middle East and favor the Jews? There must have been more people living in China and India at the same time.
What is the South China Sea? What are the countries claiming it, and how will it affect the world?
Why doesn't China act as the protector of Vietnam anymore, but instead bullies them?
Why can't Chinese citizens just be happy with being a century-defining superpower, and let Taiwanese be happy as a small, stable independent island?
How much force can a traveling foreign power respond with, if attacked while visiting another nation?
What future events will there be, in India-Israel relations?
How can a successful ceasefire be implemented between Ukraine and Russia?
How is international cooperation measured?
What do Kenyans mean by "benchmarking to China"?
Why hasn't the Sino-Russian relationship been that good?
Why can’t India declare a war on Pakistan?
To what extent does Saudi Arabia support Pakistan or the Kashmiris on the Kashmir issue?
If Indonesia was attacked by NATO right now, which country would help Indonesia first?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
Is America going to invade Iran for its Israeli and Saudi masters like it did with Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan?
How has Iran used the returned money from the US so far?
Is China putting the same threats to Pakistan as the East India Company had on the sub-continent?
In what ways has Pakistan benefited from its close relationship with China?
Can Egypt become a regional superpower?
Did more countries unite or disintegrate in the last century?
In the recent weapons deal with Saudi Arabia, is Saudi Arabia actually paying the U.S. for the weapons or are they paying Lockheed and other companies?
What are the chances of a war between North Korea and the US?
Does the USA know that its sanctions on foreign countries affect normal people who have nothing to do with politics?
Why is it that most of India’s neighboring countries (China, Pakistan, Nepal, and Sri Lanka) don’t like India?
What would happen if China forced Vietnam to stop having relations with Taiwan?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
If the whole of North Korea today is suddenly moved to the 15th century, will it be able to dominate the world?
With foreign investors buying up U.S. infrastructure, isn't it a matter of time before Americans are at the mercy of foreign oligarchs?
What country was the most powerful at its height?
Which European countries are more free for foreigners?
The ultimate nightmare scenario for India is a two-front war. Would China attack India for Arunachal Pradesh while India is at war with Pakistan?
Why does China always choose Vietnam as a target for abuse despite having 14 other neighbouring countries?
Does China have an innovation problem because it copies a lot of foreign stuff?
Why did India boycott the 19th SAARC summit in Pakistan and make SAARC fall apart?
What is the long term implication of development of Pakistan by China? Would it in anyway benefit India?
Why is the USA so generous towards foreigners?
How will USA-Mexico relations be in 10 years?
Did North Korea once ask for its confiscated counterfeit US currency back?
What will happen if Hindus of India attack China?
Which country has the most territories?
Why are Cambodian monks hostile to Vietnam?
Why do most heads of state go to Israel’s Wailing Wall?
Why do countries in the surrounding regions don't receive as much refugees as Myanmar?
Why isn’t India a part of the G-8 (Group of 8) council?
Could we be living in a post-smartphone world within the next decade?
Will world prices be regulated by China?
Why doesn't China consider the concerns of Indian sovereignty regarding OBOR and CPEC in particular?
How many of you have heard of the Conflict Research Group International?
Has the issue between Kosovo and Serbia been solved?
What's the current status of the US and North Korea?
Why is India becoming more prone to events in the US, nowadays?
How do I "sign a peace treaty" with the past?
Why is the Trump Administration not bombing the gas chambers in Syria? It appears that the USA is more concerned with N. Korea?
Why does the USA and Europe care so much about Crimea, if it’s very clear Crimeans want to be a part of Russia?
What would be the most likely outcome if the U.S. decided not to pay its debt back to China? Would there be a war?
Who would go to war with Russia and China against the US?
Does China have the capability to defend its territory from North Korea's missiles and nuclear weapons?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Is North Korea generally respectful towards foreign tourists?
At summits like G7, do all the delegates stay in the same hotel?
Will China and Russia co-develop a Boeing 757 replacement?
Are there any countries that would like to unite voluntarily for economic or historical reasons? Like Germany or Korea?
What are the adverse affects of the CPEC for Pakistan?
How come Germany didn't annex any land in the Treaty of Brestlitovsk?
Is Australia abandoning Timor Leste?
Buddhists are never told to wage war supress others or to trouble others purposely, but China waged war with India, troubling India every now and then. Why?
Will Iraq wipe out ISIS for good?
What were the similarities regarding China's and Japan's policy toward westerners?
Why are the sanctions imposed by the US taken seriously? Why do we not hear about sanctions imposed by other countries?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
In your opinion, what would be the perfect country?
Is Pakistan going blindly about its engagement with China in CPEC?
Why is it too much to ask for peace? Why is Syria meant to be bombed? Why are Somalian kids destined for starvation?
Why doesn't the Turkish Army support the Azeris of Iran to gain independence?
Can the UN Security Council be amended to represent the interests of all countries?
How great of an impact would aggressive military action by Iran or North Korea have on the world economy?
How did the USA become a superpower? Is it healthy to have just one superpower in the world?
Is AIIB threatened without India's participation in OBOR?
Why is Jerusalem disputed territory?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind horrific airstrikes in Syria and Iraq that is killing hundreds of civilians everyday?
Is Kashmir becoming a second Syria?
Will the Indo-Canadians support Canada in the event war breaks out between India and Canada?
Why would the West use democracy as weapon to invoke civil wars on supposedly peaceful Middle East countries such as Libya?
Why is ISIS attacking the UK?
Which country belong Kahsmir…India or Pakistan?
Why do we discuss Pakistan so much when China is the real competition?
Was Falkland war a public opinion diversion from a very big war exactly the same time in Middle East?
If Iran was asked to chose between Pakistan and India which one will it side with?
With Xi Jinping at the front of Chinese leadership, how does the promise to return to China’s glory days affect the region and the world?
What if NATO declares war against China?
What are you views on recent news about scrapping of Joint Indo-Russian project to develop Aircraft?
What happens if China and Taiwan switch places?
Is the North Korean political leadership solely responsible for the Korean peninsular’s woes?
Is the North Korean regime actually irrational enough to start a nuclear war or do they simply bet on everyone assuming they are?
Why is the USA not doing something about the rapid buildup of the Chinese Navy?
Why is the United Nations called ''united nations” and not “united countries”?
When is Iran (Persia) going to reopen its embassy in the US?
Why did the US say that we don't get involved in Middle Eastern affairs when Saddam Hussein asked for help?
Is a foreign ground invasion of the United States possible and could it ever happen realistically in a war?
In the next 20 years, do you see Pakistan as a country or a territory annexed by China?
What factors make countries allies with each other? What factors make countries enemies with each other?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
In a Russian-US war (no allies), would the Russian winter hinder the US War Machine?
How is one able to leave an embassy if they are not allowed in the country?
What is the most noteworthy cooperation between countries in ASEAN?
How will the Arab countries react when no one needs their oil anymore?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
How does Canada view its relationship with the UK and also the Commonwealth?
Why do many individuals on Quora have such a negative/ grim view of the United States?
On what basis Pakistan shows so much courage to India, knowing India can ruin them easily?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
What regional organisations and regional agreements is North Korea a part of?
Is China taking over Pakistan for their women?
Will India be able to counter China in the next 20 years?
Why does the US hate Iran?
Why is the US after Islamic Nations -Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq and now Syria? Are the women and innocent children dying in the attacks also terrorists?
Like the USA has become a country of white immigrants, will Tibet become unquestionably Chinese if the Chinese rule over it for long enough?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
How can one get to Tibet illegaly from India?
What would the world be like if NATO and countries allied with Russia and China got along?
If North Korea had to fight Cuba back in the day during the Bay of Pigs, who would win, North Korea or Cuba?
Are there Tatars in Crimea who side with the Russian policies in the peninsula? If so, what is, roughly, their percentage?
What is the current state of Crimea? Is there peace or is there any type of civil disturbance?
Will the world ever have a war if America views China as a threat because China's neighbors are scared of China's presence in Asia?
Why do India sell Electricity to Pakistan?
Is it true when CNN reports that North Korea’s missile went 620 miles high?
Is NATO not against the Monroe policy?
Why has India lost the textile business to Bangladesh?
What will be the effect if there is a war between the USA and North Korea?
Will Serbia, Ukraine or Belarus ever join NATO?
Will Turkey and Mongolia successfully join ASEAN?
What would happen to a modern multinational company (MNC) if its country of origin is dissolved or conquered?
Why do we view an attack on Britain or the U.S. as a terrorist act but not the U.S. bombing other countries?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
How can relations between India and Pakistan be normalized to make them focus on their development?
Why can't you declare your own country?
Isn't it high time for the U.S. to invade Cuba and finally annex it?
Who discovered the United States, and why did they leave Canada alone?
What max can happen to our economy if conducts a preemptive nuclear strike at Pak with no military use, destroying all its nucleary use?
Why does China always support North Korea? What benefit will China get from North Korea, as we all know that China has a business kind of mindset?
What's the closest US city to North Korea?
Was the US’s war against Iraq beneficial to the Saudis?
Was the $110-billion arms deal made with Saudi Arabia to attack Iran and destabilize the Middle East completely?
Why doesn't China invade a stupid country like Pakistan instead of investing billions?
Trump denies Comey’s allegations. Was there collusion with Russia?
Why doesn't China simply deviate the CPEC route away from the Indian territory?
What will happen in a full-scale nuclear war?
What does Saudi Arabia expect to get in return for its $20 billion dollar "investment" in US infrastructure?
Is it possible to stop a conflict between two countries without using any weapons? Is a gun the solution for ISIS and any other violating groups?
Would the United States go to war over Israel?
Why is it that the USA can keep nuclear weapons, but North Korea is not allowed?
Will this North Korea thing blow over?
How should we protect Pakistan from Syria-like situation?
Why did Sri Lanka join China's OBOR despite India's reservations?
What do other countries think of America?
Why has the UN never acted strongly against powerful countries?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
What are the main causes of Pak and Afghan boundary tensions?
What is the political situation in Syria?
Why did Israel occupy Palestine? Why did Balfour pick Palestine and not another country/land in the U.K.?
Why doesn't Afghanistan invade Pakistan?
Does Mexico have any interest in joining the BRICS?
Why does the United Nations stay mute while people are killed everyday?
Why is China being so militarily aggressive?
Why doesn’t India invade Bangladesh?
How right is this claim: "In 50 years, a breakup of the US is more likely than the CCP ceasing to rule China or the Kims ceasing to rule North Korea"?
What made you interested in following Iran news?
What would happen if Turkey started expanding into the middle east?
What if there will be a Cyber War between countries, who will be the top 5 countries?
Why hasn't the UN created a standing military where all citizens of member nations can join (like the real version of Halo UNSC, but in real life)?
What happens to other countries if China keeps its wages very low?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
Is it possible for a country to nuke another​ country​ with no one knowing that they did it?
At what point do you believe the hunger strike in Israel will start to place significant pressure on the government of Israel?
Why is Modi government’s spoiling the relationship with Russia by threatening them to convince China for NSG membership?
Why can't the US reveal the countries behind Deir ez-Zor and Albu Kamal in Syria and Iraq that killed dozen of innocent civilians in the last two days?
Why don't Canada have diplomatic relation with Iran?
With the Manchester attack, should malls and other highly attended public areas in the United States install bomb and/or metal detecting machines?
Why is the US not revealing the countries behind the horrific airstrike in Albu Kamal that killed over 60 civilians?
What is some common interests and disagreements between North Korea and China and North Korea and Russia?
Which country wants to take land from Vietnam, China or the US?
What do you think should be done in regards to North Korea?
Is there any application, software or website where you can converse with someone in English to improve your English speaking skills?
Why is North Korea so inimical to the USA?
How can I mail cigar to non-US countries from Cuba?
If there is a cyber war between India, USA, Russia, China, and Pakistan, hackers from which country will win the war?
What does the average American think about Saudi Arabia and the fact that the USA is protecting a radical Islamic kingdom?
Why are infrastructure projects in China so much cheaper than in the USA?
What are Russia’s and Turkey’s diplomatic relations now? Are they allies?
What is the future of nationalism?
Why is India not able to do more than a diplomatic protest with China (OBOR/CPEC) while they are doing so much on ground level?
What exactly are the Russian sanctions?
Are there any scholarships for students based on the “one road one belt” project in China or any other country?
Has India almost lost the plot against China, now that many nations are joining OBOR to meet in China?
Do Muslims know that the last time a Muslim country won a war against an infidel country was more than 200 years ago?
Is Pakistan being used as a pawn in the Cold War going on between India and China?
What is the biggest threat to India?
Why are the USA, India and China struggling to get control over the Indian Ocean?
Can India dominate the Kashmir issue if it becomes a permanent UN member?
Does Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia backing sectarian divide between Sunni and Shia help US firms to sell more weapons?
What are some websites related to the details of the Indochina war?
Can India join the European Union?
If the special relationship between the USA and UK ended tomorrow, would the UK still be a world power as they depend heavily on the US for everything?
In terms of the CPEC, has Pakistan started selling itself to China? Moreover, what are Pakistani people’s views on this?
Does the ICC get any money from bilateral series between two countries?
What could the US not do or do as much in a conventional war against a superpower that they can do in a smaller conflict?
If Germany had decided not to invade Belgium and busted through the French border, would Britain have eventually joined the Axis?
Given that The Hague’s International Court has declared that the contested islands do not belong to China, why does China insist and risk war?
Are Pakistanis aware of the recent history of Sri Lanka getting a loan from China, and the results of it?
Is it plausible that India's boycott of OBOR could improve its geopolitical standing?
Does the UN hire a security company to safeguard its members’ belongings while they are deployed on a mission?
Why are the Treaties of Sevres and Lausanne still being discussed today?
Was Pakistan ever richer than India?
What do you think of growing friendship between India and Israel?
Does Caliphate, supported by other Muslim countries, can turndown this extreme radical Islamic movement (ISIS, Boko haram etc.) all over the world?
How did people manage to communicate with each other by using pigeons? How did they make sure of the pigeons' path to the destination?
Why don't Israelis understand that Rivlin is the Head of State and Mrs. Rivlin is First Lady of Israel, while Netanyahu is only the Head of Government?
How did the issue of the Missouri Compromise contribute to the escalation of the conflict between the South States and the Northern States?
Do we have any good relations with Pakistan?
Who would win in a war between the British Commonwealth of Nations and the Russian Commonwealth of Independent States?
Is the Syrian Military majority Sunni as some people like to claim?
What is a non-territorial nation?
What will India do if China is successful in making Pakistan stronger and prosper by CPEC?
Who do I contact to join ISIS in India?
Should I attend the United Nations Youth Assembly this August?
Can Iran nuke Israel?
Why doesn’t India nuke the US?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Could the US impose sanctions on Turkey, under the Trump administration, if Erdogan is implicated in the Reza Zarrab case?
If ISIS is a part of Iraq then why do they attack Iraq?
Does Donald Trump's very first visit show that Saudi Arabia is the closest puppet of the USA in the Muslim world?
Will there be any declaration of war between the USA and North Korea?
What would it take for India to grow, like China? Can it happen?
Is Pakistan a threat to the whole world peace?
What is the real image of United Nations?
What are the top 10 countries hostile to China?
Is it possible that the OBOR deal between Pakistan and China also involves the support of the Chinese Army along the LoC and PoK?
Is America still the greatest nation in the world, and if not, which is?
Why can’t India stop thinking about the U.S.A. and start building our relationships with China?
Does Russia have plans to invade Finland?
Are we going to see any change in Russian politics?
How will the 110 billion arms deal between the USA and Saudi impact the two nations and the region?
Are China and India gonna be big economic competitors for America in the future?
Do you think the Soviet Union was smaller than Russia now?
Are the Syrian secret police any worse than other Middle Eastern regimes?
Why is Donald Trump very popular in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
Why is Italy part of G7 if there are many other countries with a better overall state?
Will we ever have one global government?
In the recent meeting of the GST council in Srinagar, was the purpose to give a strong message to Pakistan and China that it is our land?
Is it true that India's FGFA deal might be cancelled because Russians have demanded about 7 billion for ToT?
Isn't it stupid of the US government to not sell high technology products to China, and then complain about a trade deficit?
With the letter that North Korea sent to the US about imposing new sanctions, does it seem that KJU is starting to sweat a little?
How can Pakistan place its flag on Delhi Fort?
Do any MASH stars regret the show's continual stance that the U.S. had no business helping South Korea prevent being taken over by North Korea?
Will it help India maintain peace in the world by becoming a permanent member of the UN Security Council?
What will happen if Pakistan goes against the order of the International Court of Justice?
When will China snatch Taiwan right from under the US’s nose?
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Why are people talking so much (ho ho ing) about collusion with Russia without giving one specific example between President Trump and Russia?
What is the OBOR scheme of China?
How many calls are made between India and Pakistan daily? How many are tracked?
Is the support that Iran gives for Hezbollah, Syria and others responsible for its economical problems?
Should more civilized countries apply sanctions and remove diplomats of countries that punish their citizens for changing religion or being gay?
What would happen if every established country started doing China-like megaprojects?
India is opposing CPEC. Is there any advantage to India due to CPEC, like Pakistan stopping sponsoring terrorism​ due to heavy presence of Chinese?
Which country will invade Russia in the future?
How would USA react if Canada accidentally marched into US territory?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Can India secure a 6th permanent membership in the United Nations Security Council?
Is there any type of superpower?
What if China opens up to the world? Can it accommodate everybody?
How would you invade Chile?
What would be your summarised view of the ongoing tensions between Palestine and Israel? Are both at fault?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome by the Saudi government compared to Obama?
What are some possible ways Mainland China and Taiwan can improve their relationship?
Why we Indians are so obsessed with Pakistan but we pay very little attention to China? Don't you think we should take China seriously?
The US supported the Afghan people against the USSR invasion. Why do they support the totalitarian SA invasion against the Yemen people?
Is USA the united states of Russia?
How would you tell a war is going to happen within a year in your country?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
Is collusion by Trump with the Russians a crime?
Will ISIS become a state in the future?
Why do American Presidents bow to the Saudi King?
Was Trump's bizarre meeting with Lavrov and Kislyac in the oval office part of a plot aimed at strengthening Putin's control over US foreign policy?
What's the story behind this "new map of the Middle East"?
What is Israel's vision for the future of Palestine?
Is a treaty weakened if one party violates its terms?
Why couldn’t the Mughals invade into China like they did in India?
Should India go to war with Pakistan, or should we suffer like we did in the past?
Which one country is most deserving of a new permanent membership in UNSC with veto and why?
Why don't we consider the historical contexts of the conflicts that we are involved in, such as those in the Middle East?
If North Korea nuke Hawaii what would the USA do?
How would the process of giving India a seat on the Security Council work? Would you support it?
What is the fate of Americans in labour camps in North Korea now that Trump is President?
What would happen if the US and China switched places?
Other than the Palestine issue, are there other issue/s which make the Arab/Muslim world hate Israel so much?
Does the FBI have internal affairs?
What do Jordanians think of Pakistan?
If North Korea launch a missile would the USA be able to stop it before it hits?
Is Xi Jinping a master and clown in China and why?
How is the Israel-Russia relationship? I always see anti-Israel stories in Russian state-owned media (RT).
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
Have you ever been to Afghanistan/Pakistan? What was your experience there?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
How is the Six-Day War related to the current conflicts in the Middle East?
If there was a civil war in Russia now, which border country would you go as a refugee?
Who are Syria's allies?
Can I go for a master's in international relations if my bachelor’s is in politics and economics?
Is North Korea starting the war on May 13?
How long will India use Afghan soil to fan terrorism in Pakistan?
Do you think China is strategically helping Pakistan, only to maintain and develop its power against India & to hinder its growth?
How can India tame Pakistan without going for a war with it?
Has any country ever tried to make a kinetic bombardment weapon, and is there any treaty or convention that bans it?
Why are the Eastern regions of the US and China more occupied?
If the world wants peace, why won’t the military and media allow it?
Why is there a chance of Turkey supporting Pakistan?
How is China supposedly becoming more powerful than the USA yet the USA spends around 800 billion and China spends 150 billion?
What deal has Trump made with Israel, and what does this change?
Why did India invade Junagarh?
How could a country invade the UK and occupy it?
Why don't Sikhs take the lead in India to unite the country against Pakistan?
Does Russia really want to attack the Baltic states?
Will Australia ever join the European Union?
Why do small countries like Tuvalu and Swaziland support India for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council? What do they gain from this?
Why isn't India called as United Nation?
What is the scope of IT in Sri Lanka?
Is China's rise good for Korea?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
What will happen when India will be like "That's it! Fuck this Shit!", and invade Pakistan?
What do non-Muslims/non-Arabs think about Israel and the conflict between Israel and Palestine?
Why can’t Nepalese and Biharis live happily together in Nepal? Isn't it racist of Nepalese to be anti-Bihari?
If the 1950 Indo-Nepal treaty cancels all previous treaties then where's Nepal's lost land from the British?
What are the 3 dimensions of nuclear security?
Do you think the United States militarily are a match against Russia, China and or North Korea?
China has always blocked Western markets and has been successful, should India try the same approach?
Is China a country or a company?
Why has Trump been so poor at judging Xi's ability to help with North Korea? Will the US be blackmailed by North Korea?
Why isn’t the UN recognizing India as a nuclear state (so that India can sign a NPT as a nuclear state)?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
If I assemble a private army and attack North Korea to conquer it, can anyone legally stop me?
Why do most Lebanese and Palestinian people hate Iran despite Iran's support for them?
Why doesn't India establish diplomatic ties with Taiwan to punish China?
What is China's image in the eyes of Indonesians?
What preparations does the US Secret Service have to make before a US President's foreign trip, especially to countries like Iraq, Iran, India and Pakistan?
If North Korea can launch a satellite into orbit, what else do they need to have an ICBM?
If Hillary won in 2016, would there be more conflict around the South China Sea by now?
Who does India support - Israel or Palestine?
What does the rest of the world think of the UK now?
Can you make a war go on until you have conquered the whole world if you use the resources of the countries you've conquered to wage war?
Is WWIII gonna start after what North Korea did with the ransomware cyber attack?
Should Trump "embrace" the despots or the people of the Middle East, contrary to Obama's policy?
What would have happened if George Bush had invaded North Korea instead of Iraq? Would North Korean artillery have bombarded South Korea's cities?
Do you think China siding with Pakistan instead of India is a wise idea?
Why can't President Obama forge a better relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia than Trump is now able to?
What is it like to study MBBS in China/Russia/Cuba being an India?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
Why didn't the People's Republic of China join the COMECON during the Cold War?
Why isn't anyone talking about the conflict in Yemen?
Why is India so desperate to enter the NSG, and what are the consequences of not signing the NPT?
What are the most powerful countries judging all the factors combined?
Could the commonwealth ever unite and become one sovereign nation?
Why don't the Hollywood Democrats take up stronger support for Israel?
What is the present crisis in Myanmar and its resolution?
What is the likelihood of Taiwan rejoining the People's Republic of China?
What are the main issues in constructing/stimulating the process of democratization in the Middle East?
What will happen if the ICJ comes down in support of Pakistan for Kulbhushan Jadhav's sentence?
Why do Jews get accused of wanting to make the United Nations a world government, even though the U.N. tends to be against Zionism?
What happened during the Perestroika years in Russia?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
Where can I get 'International Relations’ by Prakash Chander from?
Why is nuclear Iran a big deal in contrast with nuclear Pakistan or any other nation?
Is there any law which defines how the USA deals with green card/visa holders from a country which declares war against the USA? Will they lose their residency?
Why did India have a war with Pakistan in 1971?
What are the most powerful countries in the world judging by economic military power?
Would Congress declare war on Israel if the Israelis arrested Trump when he stepped off the plane?
In order to maintain their economic advantages，will the United States launch war against OBOR countries?
How is Dangal faking China’s collections to “keep limelight” against a southern invasion?
Why do Vietnam, Japan, India, Mongolia, Taiwan and South Korea dislike China?
Why isn’t India giving a befitting reply to the Chinese claim over Arunachal Pradesh?
Is North Korea really any kind of threat to the US?
What are the main internal threats for China?
Why do some people think that it was wrong to hold the EU Referendum?
Why is USA a superpower?
What is Taiwan's stance on the South China Sea dispute?
What will happen if China and the USA stop all support to Pakistan? Will it be able to survive?
Why are the leaked pictures from the Manchester terrorist attack "a threat to the national security" according to President Trump?
Why doesn't the US have a dedicated brigade of Arctic Paratroopers since Russia is one of the main rivals of the US?
What do you think about the Chinese criticizing China in public occasions?
If the Third World War broke out (between the USA, North Korea, Russia, and the European Union), what could be the safest place in which to emigrate with one’s family?
What strategic measures could the British Government take in terms of foreign policy to reduce the potential for Islamic terrorism on home soil?
How do you think Trump will handle US Iran relations?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
Why can’t the United States and Iran build embassies in each other, even after the nuclear deal?
What is a hybird regime?
Why does the USA spend fortunes in countries after a war when there are people here in the USA who could benefit from the funds?
Do you think Venezuela will have a civil war soon?
What keeps the United States, the NATO countries, China, Russia and India from just sitting down at a table and dividing up the rest of the world?
Why is Israel the most unpopular Muslim country?
India is irrelevant in the CPEC and OBOR as India is a taker, not a giver. What makes Indians think that India is relevant to OBOR or the CPEC?
If India becomes a confederation like European Union, will it prove beneficial for autonomous and independent states?
When heads of state of world superpowers meet, do they talk about how they're conducting spy operations in each others' countries?
What have people heard about Ukraine?
Why did Obama's counter-ISIS strategy entail facing the ISIS head to head instead of encircling and annihilating them like Trump has chosen to do?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
Can China develop the world?
Will China’s economics and military transformation pose a potential challenge for the future security of the South Asian region and the rest?
When will China succumb to terrorism?
What's your take on president Trump's first visit to Saudi Arabia?
Why can’t a tunnel under Korakram Range connecting China and Pakistan be made?
What is needed to transform North Korea into another modern day Vietnam?
Are the Chinese insensitive to the feelings of their neighboring countries towards China?
What is the importance of the Treaty of Utrecht of 1579?
How likely is it that Trump will start a nuclear war with North Korea?
Given Venezuela's current state of affairs, would Trinidad and Tobago be culturally annihilated if it were landlocked with Venezuela?
Why does India claim that Singapore’s water territory is a disputed territory?
In which areas is China leading the world?
What should be the next diplomatic step from India after the ICJ verdict? Also, do we need to create external pressure on Pakistan via the USA?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
How dependent is Canada on the United States, socially, economically, and politically?
Has a EU nation ever given asylum to a citizen of another EU nation?
Why is it not a human rights issue that the citizens of some nations enjoy the privilege of a veto on the security council?
Is there a permanent solution to the Kashmir problem?
What does the rest of the world think of the IPL?
What is the most important lesson we can draw from North Korea?
Why did gas prices all of a sudden skyrocket upward when there is the same amount of fighting in the Middle East?
Where can I find the list of countries that hate India, and why?
Why is much of Russia's architecture so poor?
Can India and Pakistan together work out a treaty which allows dissatisfied people of both countries to migrate to the other?
What is the best book or source for theories of international relations?
What do leftists think about North Korea?
What threats does OBOR strategy of China pose to India? How can we counter this?
If Russia conquered Estonia but promised not to conquer any more land, what would happen?
Why is Czech Republic not remembered as a very strong Israeli ally?
What does the average human voice sound like?
Why did Egypt’s blockade of the Strait of Tiran cause an Israeli declaration of war? Did they ship by the Mediterranean? Didn't it hurt Jordan more?
Why don’t the countries of the European Union entertain the idea of entering the Commonwealth of Independent States?
How fast can the USA invade north Korea and cripple its war capability before it launches missiles?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Why don't we hear more about the Yemen war?
Is Turkey's Grey Wolves an equivalent of Iran's IRGC?
How can I find franchise partners in European union countries?
How has globalisation changed the fundamental concept of the sovereignty of states?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
Which is the friendliest nation in the world and why?
What does the creation of a buffer state like Afghanistan between the British and Russian empires mean in layman speak?
Which type of relation is there in an Indo-Pak relation?
Why does America appear to hate Russia so much? Is there an underlying reason behind it?
When an European Union country has a trade deficit, is it bad for them?
What is the condition of Russia today?
Why does a nuclear India fear China?
Why are West allowing China Indian ocean access at same time denied same to Russia?
If Russia were to close all its borders, how rich in this isolation could they possibly get?
Is China a real friend of Pakistan or is it 'using' it against India to overpower India because of its growth and development?
What are the principles of Indian foreign policy (past and present)?
Who's stronger in all aspects, China or Mexico?
In today’s geopolitics, our greatest need is “to focus on solutions not conflicts.” How successful are we (humankind)?
Why has India been helpless with CPEC endorsed by UNSC resolution?
Do Chinese people today regret Mao's 'appeasement' of India given that India today is neither friendly nor sympathetic towards China's interest?
Is India turning into another Pakistan under Modi?
Approximately how much of the 110 billion dollar arms deal with Saudi Arabia will trickle down to working class Americans?
Is China colonizing Africa?
Are the protests and unrest now in Venezuela due to external influence?
Is it possible for the nation to one day become bipartisan again?
Why did the US take a U-Turn and decided to participate in Chinese OBOR initiative?
What was the relationship between Greece and the former Yugoslavia?
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Why can’t we just nuke North Korea?
Who is a better friend of India, the US, Russia or Israel?
What part of North America would be the safest in case of war or collapse of the USA?
Do countries sell weapons?
Will the China-Pakistan relationship end up like the India-Bhutan relationship because of CPEC?
Do you want to reunite the USSR again?
What if the government of the US is fake and in each of the wars of the past 100 years America was on the wrong side of each conflict. How would Americans view this?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Who is more important to Great Britain, the United States or the European Union?
What happens if a treaty doesn't become fully enforced as intended?
Would Islamic terrorism in non-Islamic countries stop if Russia and NATO left the Middle East (including Israel)?
What is more dangerous for a country, corruption or terrorism? How are these two terms related to each other?
Why doesn't America establish a better relationship with Russia to have more cards to play when it deals with China?
After hearing president Moon's comment on North Korea, do you think there is going to be a war?
In the 1965 Indo-Pak War, India captured Pakistan territory almost to Lahore. Why did they give it back to Pakistan?
What if America went to war with itself?
What are the pros and cons for Turkey if it doesn't want to be part of NATO anymore?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Seeing the honor bestowed upon POTUS Trump by the Saudi government, do Americans feel proud that the USA has once again become great in the world?
Should the World’s nations sue the USA and NSA for developing such a deadly e-virus, i.e. ransomware/Wannacry?
Does China accept Middle East refugees?
Why does North Korea keep firing missiles into the Pacific rather than north over the poles like Russia?
What is the difference between hypocrisy and diplomacy?
Why is the US giving billions of dollars to Pakistan, when Pakistan is inclined towards China, and also having faced betrayal, e.g. in the Osama case?
What would the US do if Russia was nuked by a country that we are not allied with?
Why has China got such a thin strip of land (mostly river) between Russia and Korea?
Why did Bahlul Lodi invade Kalpi?
Which country should Nepal trust more, India or China?
How can one acquire territory and establish a state from scratch?
War and democracy have created a large number of refugees in ME countries. Why do Indians believe that FDI to India will make India a refugee country?
What would be the monetary and IR impact on India, if it withdraws from UN in case it is not accorded a seat in the security council?
What effect did the United States’ policy have on the Soviet Union’s war in Afghanistan, and why did Soviet troops finally withdraw from Afghanistan in 1989?
What is the Israel-Palestine issue and how does it influence Indo-Arab relations?
What is the actual conflict in Syria?
How would the world react if Australia suddenly gets invaded and attacked?
Why is China in so many trade organizations?
Does North Korea actually want to nuke Japan?
Can Russia or China cut the transatlantic internet cable?
What would happen if North Korea suddenly declares war on China? How would the world react?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
Has India succeeded in its diplomatic/political cordoning of Pakistan and its agenda from world forums (except China, of course)?
What will happen if India joins OBOR?
Does it make sense for Scotland to leave Britain to regain its sovereignty only to give up that sovereignty again to the EU?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
Are US sanctions against Russia in violation of the WTO charter?
Is the THAAD system included in Trump's new arms deal with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
With more and more military engagements by the United Nations, is the world moving towards peace?
Just because India funded terrorists in Sri Lanka for 30 years, isn't it wrong of Pakistan to try to do the same against India?
Which is most rogue nation in today's world?
What will happen if India attacks on Pakistan this time? Will China joins with Pakistan against India because of CPEC?
What if the USA and Russia became friends?
What do people from other countries think about the many anti-men laws in India?
What is the nuclear threat of North Korea to the world especially the US, South Korea as well as Japan?
How come Vladimir Putin supports China-Russia trade but the USA is skeptical about it?
What would happen if the World decided that they have had enough of Trump? Would they put sanctions against US?
What was the reaction of Americans or NATO countries when they found out that the Iraq War had been sponsored by the CIA to capture Iraq and control its oil?
Will Pakistan destroy India with its nukes in case of war?
What do you think of USA's decision to join the OBOR?
Why does North Korea hate Japan?
How has the British establishment's attitude towards Russia changed since the end of the Cold War?
What are some major changes in Foreign policies made by Indian government after Brexit?
What are some principles for better American foreign policy?
Why don't Russia and the USA get along, especially when tensions between these two countries have been dissipated post-Cold War?
If a war happens with India, and Pakistan divided into three countries, what will China do to get back their money incurred in CPCE?
What would happen if all countries in the world acted like your home country?
Did Ancient Greece have “relationships” with other countries? If they did, then with whom and what did they have in the “relationships”?
What is the reason behind Pakistan's loss in ICJ? Was our lawyer given all the details by the military court of Pakistan?
If Israel helps India in case of a war, will Iran support India knowing that the two countries are not on the same rope?
How do I summarise India's relation with Asian countries as well as western countries or simply West?
If Ukraine had decided to sign cooperation treaties with both the EU and Eurasian Economic Union, would the Maidan have never happened?
How special drawing rights are applied to settle financial disputes within the context of an international agreement or convention?
Will China overtake the USA as a world leader?
Why is it like USA is the ruler of world and no one stops them whatever they do not even the UN? Isn't it unfair for all the other nations?
Despite China's invitation, why did India refuse to attend the OBOR meeting?
How would the world react to superpowers?
Would our world be more peaceful if all nations declares to drop any form of military?
Is Trump's 110 billion dollar deal with Saudi Arabia anti-America?
What was the evolution of United Nations?
How do I develop my country (India) to be a superpower like Pakistan?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Why is the USA so scared about North Korea’s nuclear tests?
Who has better relations with Israel, India or Pakistan?
Why is no one doing something about the Syria crisis?
Do you see a potential war between the United States and China because throughout history we've known when some nations rise eventually chaos occurs?
Are all of the European countries members of the European Union? If no, which ones are not, and why?
What type of relationship does Pakistan have with Russia? Is there any chance Russia will back bite India during a war with Pakistan?
What motivated Russian peasants to colonize the Far East? European Russia still has vast tracts of unsettled ground they could have used.
Do you think Russia or China will help deescalate the tension in the Korean Peninsula?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
How many countries’ names begin with the word “The”?
Why should Taiwan be part of the PRC?
While looking at current geopolitical scenarios all over the world, World War 3 looks imminent. What are your views?
Why do warring nations no longer formally declare war on each other?
Do you think I belong in this world?
Why do people of North Korea not migrate to another country?
Is the case in Syria need a foreign intervention?
What would happen if China started total war with Taiwan?
How many people in India would like a friendship to develop with Pakistan despite the political tension between the two neighbours?
Why does America always try to be the policeman in the world? Why do they give away so much aid to other countries? What is their end game?
Will China and India ever be at peace?
Why is Russia worried about India's plans to develop nuclear technology indigenously?
How many Sunni civilians were filmed being killed by "US led liberators" in Iraq?
Why is India so jealous of the China-Pakistan friendship and scared of CPEC?
Like Indian LTTE terrorists in Sri Lanka, should India fund some terrorists in Pakistan to make it impossible for China & Pakistan to implement CPEC?
How has North Korea changed socially since the fall of the USSR?
Can Turkey negotiate with Russia and the EU to invade Syria and take back land that was once part of the Ottoman Empire to end the Syrian Conflict?
What is the best country for a 24-year-old guy from Kenya with a Master’s degree in international relations?
What is stopping disillusioned citizens from claiming land in the country and forming their own prosperous nation-states?
Why does Pakistan support China, despite knowing that they banned many Muslim names and the burqa in their country?
Why is Japan so excited and expecting the US and North Korea to have a nuclear war?
Why are China and India enemies?
Why isn't the world one country and united?
Is Syria a victim of a new cold war? If so, what is the United Nations doing about it?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
How safe is it for a white person to be in Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, in a non tourist area?
Can anyone outside of a country compel another country to change its constitution?
How serious is the US about supporting India as a partner?
How can I help the Middle East?
How will the Arab world view China's efforts in rebuilding Syria?
Is it possible for Pakistan to destroy India in seconds with its nukes?
What would happen if the U.K. and Canada went to war?
How will Moon Jae-in's presidency possibly affect the relationship between South and North Korea?
Has India ever tried to return India-occupied Nepalese territories back to Nepal since its creation in 1947?
Will CPEC make Pakistan stronger than India?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
What would happen if North Korea launched a nuclear attack on South Korea?
If the Maduro regime collapses, what might happen next in Venezuela?
Can the US, Pakistan and China join together, wage war against India and dismantle it?
Does the US execute spies like China continues to do?
How can hi-tech industries participate in the CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor) project?
Should the western world be thankful to North Korea for having a low carbon footprint?
How can India tackle China's OROB project?
Will Iran ultimately take over the entire Middle East as feared by the Saudis and other Arabs?
Why did Sweden drop the Julian Assange rape investigation?
Which nation has a better relationship with India, China or Russia?
How much of our total defense budget is actually spent on NATO?
What is the cause behind the conflict between US and North Korea?
What are the atrocities that Israel has done with Palestinians?
Should Israel now recognize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia now that President Trump is pal with both countries?
Is it possible for India to become a superpower in the next 6-7 years?
Why is the UN/US/UK supporting Saudi Arabia despite their war crimes in Yemen? Is it all because this war benefits the US/UK financially via arm deals?
Why does the USA oppose North Korea's nuclear weapons when the country itself has 7000+ of them?
Why does Russia play war better than anyone else?
How safe is the USA? Is it the same as Pakistan? How terrible is the fight between blacks and whites? What steps has the USA's police taken in this matter?
You were the next president of Russia. You have to conquer at least 10 different countries around the world. How do you do this?
So far, Trump has called Arab nations to put pressure on Iran’s nuclear program. What are your thoughts on this?
What do you think of President Trump's arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
Based on what criteria do you believe a country should have a territory?
Which countries have the best work-life balance for young adults starting their career?
Does the 1962 Simla agreement supersede the UN resolution? What should we examine for the Kashmir dispute solution?
What happens if the sitting president of the USA turn out to be a traitor and Russia launches their nuke?
Why is Russia now seen as an ally by the alt-right?
Has China's plan of spreading anti-Bihari immigrant sentiment in Nepal worked? If not, why did Nepal join China's BRI?
What do people in Iran think of the Israeli state as a whole?
North Korea is preparing to build an intergalactic superhighway through the Earth-Zaphod. Where are you?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
Do Iranian Azerbaijanis want the Republic of Azerbaijan to become part of Iran?
Why has India failed to prevent Nepal from joining connectivity with China through OBOR projects?
Why didn’t Baahubali 1 do well in China?
Was the Treaty of Versailles fair for the United States?
Under what "right conditions" will North Korea be willing to have dialogue with U.S. and vice versa?
How does one compare the China Pakistan Economic Corridor and the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project?
What critics could be attributed to the US foreign policy towards nuclear proliferation in India and Pakistan?
What are the main goals of foreign policy of states, and what are the factors which influence its making and implementation?
What could have been done to prevent the US from becoming a superpower?
In a world where China doesn't exist, will it be possible for Vietnam to unite Indochina?
When other countries declare their independence, how do Western nations come to the final decision to recognize it as being legitimate or not?
How do you feel about the arms deal Trump made with Saudi Arabia?
Can an average citizen of a country put a case in the international court of justice against his/her own country?
Is it possible for NAFTA to transform into an EU style agreement?
What do Baloch people think of Pakistan?
Why has India become a “banana republic” and a puppet state of the USA?
If North Korea bombed South Korea with nuclear weapons accidentally or on purpose, would it not impact North Korea as well?
If Pakistan invades Kashmir, which countries would support India, and which would support Pakistan? Who would win?
What is brand proliferation?
Do you expect NATO to engage in a major war conflict in the near future? Who could be the adversary? What could be the purposes of such engagement?
If India has a strong navy, and China is trying to become the superpower of Asia, will India and the USA stop China?
Will it not be good for India if China is able to colonize Pakistan through CPEC, atleast it will be able to eliminate terrorism nurtured by Pakistan?
How do modern warships plan to defend themselves against Russia's and Iran's supersonic torpedos?
What are the steps that Indian government should take so that Kashmiris feel more Indian?
What will be the pros and cons if all the countries and continents are merged and become one single country?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
After the diplomatic and military failures in Afghanistan, Iraq, North Africa, Syria, Ukraine and Black Sea, what should be the US/Pentagon strategy?
How would the economy be affected if your richest states become sovereign states?
Is having good relations with everyone desirable?
Are Russia and the US enemies?
How hard is it for any country to invade and occupy Pakistan?
What are the objectives of the OBOR summit held in China and why did India skip it?
How will the US react to the recent North Korea missile test? Will the strike first? Are talks between the US and North Korea possible?
Who's the bigger monster, ISIS or Assad?
The Palestine president is visiting India ahead of our PM Narendra Modi's visit to Israel. Will it have any negative impact on the Indo-Israel friendship?
Why has India isolated itself, as all countries have participated in OBOR?
Would new sanctions against North Korea work?
What is the main reason that terrorism in the Middle East has been aimed against Westerners?
Why does Turkey have a good relationship with the United States and Israel, when both of them actively support and arm the Kurds?
What is the relationship like between an ambassador and a station chief within a country’s embassy?
What countries must ally together to take the whole of Russia?
What is the relationship between Croatia and Israel?
What country has the most advanced military in the Middle East?
What is the perception of other countries about Pakistan and India?
Why exactly did the USSR dissolve? Why didn't the Cold War continue after that? Why didn't NATO dissolve after that, as well?
What should other countries do about the horrible situation that now exists in Venezuela?
Are Kazakhstan and Syria allies?
Is it possible for India to stop all trade with China?
What is it like to study for an M.A. in international relations at SAU?
Who would be the next Supreme Leader of North Korea?
How can I apply for a job in the United Nations Organisation?
Will South Korean President Moon's policies lead to a dialogue with North Korea, harming the relations with the US? Is he up to the challenges?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
Why is there lack of trust between China and India? Who's (more) responsible for it? What can be done for a better friendship?
Why does America support Pakistan, the breeding ground of terrorists?
What if the United States was invaded by Russia?
Is Pakistan and American relation coming to an end?
How will USA China relations be in the next 10 years?
Is all the hype about China becoming the next USA, the next superpower, etc., overblown? Will China collapse spectacularly and become like India?
What is France doing in Mali?
Why did Pakistan become a radical Islamic nation?
Why did Uzma Ahmed go to Pakistan?
Do you agree that North Korea is just another Vietnam?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
What if all Muslims declared war on the rest of the world today?
Is current Iran more independent than Iran in Pahlavi time?
Will humans ever unite?
What is International relations as an academic discipline?
What are the problems behind recognizing LoC as the international border between India and Pakistan?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
Which is a stronger country, Russia or the USA?
Why did Michael Collins sign a peace treaty that didn't include all 32 counties?
Why do modern nations eschew torture in active militant enemies?
According to Awdhesh Singh, what would be the consequences of a war between India and China?
Why does India not take action when Pakistan attacks our soldiers and beheads them?
Do Iranians believe their country should possess nuclear arms?
What is the history of India and Russia relation?
Is an alliance between the US and China impossible? Why or why not?
What do Poles think of Romania?
Why doesn't Russia invest or provide aid to Vietnam?
What are your thoughts on India? How can India become a influencing country in the world?
What is behind the obsession people have with the relationship the US has with Russia?
What would be India's condition and role in foreign affairs, if Pakistan was still it's part?
Do you think the whole war threats from North Korea will blow over?
How are you and your family?
Why doesn't the US launch a war toward North Korea like they did in Iraq?
Why does Pakistan always denies whenever they lose any war?
When you have a conflict between what you believe in and what makes you pleasant, Is that a hypocrisy? And if it is, is that wrong?
Is America still the greatest nation in the world, why or why not?
Following Russian military action in Ukraine and Syria and with the continuing economic rise of China, are we seeing the end of American hegemony?
How would another country hack North Korea's nuclear program?
Why aren’t the USA and Russia stopping global wars?
Why are liberals mad at Trump sharing intelligence with Russia when we need to fight ISIS together?
What do other Christians think about Vietnamese Christians?
Is Pakistan a valid party to the conflict?
Can the disturbances between US and Russia result in World War 3?
Which is the best college for International relations in UK or Canada?
Do other nations enjoy India - Pakistan fight?
Why do all countries need weapons?
Who do you think of as "the leader of the free world" and why?
Why was the Rush–Bagot Treaty important to make a demilitarized border between the U.S. and Canada?
What are the Syrian refugees like in your country? Have you met any?
NATO vs. Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, who would win?
What do you think of Mearshimer and the tragedy of great power politics? Is it coherent with India and China and their future?
What are the chances of India becoming a permanent member of the Security Council and an NSG member?
What would happen if Russia sank into the ocean?
Should white people leave the USA and go back to Europe?
How safe is Pakistan as a nuclear power?
What do people in Southeast Asia think of ASEAN and their ASEAN neighbours?
With the tension building in the South China Sea, if North Korea made a move now, who would win the war?
Will India bow head to Pakistan?
How come the "World Economic Outlook" is published by the IMF and not the World Economic Forum?
Why did the US and Russia become enemies?
Are India and Pakistan close to war? If so, would countries like the US just sit and watch, or be forced to intervene?
Why did Iran intervene in Syria and kill kids?
How can India become a superpower without sufficient toilets?
What makes Shree Narendra Modi the most powerful person in South Asia?
What is the only way China can win an all out war against the US and Japan?
Why doesn't the United States engage in an all-out war against ISIS if they are causing so much terror and sadness around the world?
What pollicies would you like your country to have?
Did the free territory of Ukraine work?
Why American friendship with Russia is frowned upon in America despite many other countries being friendly with Russia ?
Under which conditions can a country have an embassy in another country?
Is ISI a good and trustworthy intelligence agency for Pakistan and other countries interests? Do they support terrorism or do they work against it?
Is the US working with China on OBOR projects by investing in Afghanistan’s infrastructure?
How can I help Syria from the UK?
Can Russia coexist with other EU nations? Is the US’ anti-Russian sentiment legitimate or propaganda?
There are countries that have fences along the sidewalk to prevent car-ramming attacks. After what happened in NYC yesterday, will the USA adopt them?
What is the scope of doing an MA in international relations in India?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
Could the European Union impose the recognition of gay marriage to all its countries?
What is Vienna Convention on Consular relations?
If someday North Korea went to war with the USA, who might be the allies on both sides?
Why can a big and strong country have a nuclear weapon, but a small country can’t?
Why does the ROC claim so many territories that belong to other countries?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Can India's approach to ICJ affect the India-Pakistan Kashmir dispute?
Does Saudi Arabia still black out Israel with a Sharpie on maps and globes displayed within their country?
How is the UN structured to achieve the Charter?
How does the chain of command work under a UN peacekeeping force if multiple nations are involved?
If one country invades another, what happens to the monetary and financial system? Do people lose their possessions?
Are neighbouring countries more hostile or more friendly to each other then non-neighbouring countries, on average?
Will China make Pakistan its colony in the future?
Now that Brexit will happen, is the EU better allies with the US than the UK?
Do Jerzy Giedroyc's ideas still influence Polish foreign policy?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
Americans: would you rather support the Kurds in the Middle East or Turkey and why?
What would happen to the Philippines if war with China broke out?
Why is North Korea so bad?
Is there a country that has no extradition treaties with anyone?
Is it possible for the 2 brothers (India and Pakistan) to ever unite in the future?
Is it not nonsensical that India & Pakistan claim that they’ve attacked the other while both denying the videos of the other. What the hell is going on, & which is telling the truth?
What are the legacies of China's land reform that can still be felt today?
If Russia were to invade Europe, how much success could it realistically expect in its invasion?
Should Latin American nations become one nation like the United States?
Are Iran and Syria the only Muslim democracies in the Middle East?
What percentage of the Madhesi people in Nepal also have Indian citizenship?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
What will the consequence be of the latest missile test from North Korea?
Should the U.S. use military force in North Korea?
Should India embellish its foreign policy, like America for the H1B1 visa issue?
What is stopping America from taking over the Third World except America?
What are some current issues related to The Treaty Of Waitangi?
If the American blacks seek independence, can another country launch 59 missiles to attack the US government to help them stand alone?
Let's say a war breaks out with North Korea in the near future. Would that make Donald Trump more likely to win a second term?
How did the Germans produce all of their weapons during the time of the Treaty of Versailles?
Why don't Crown dependencies get UN status or join the EU?
What opinion does South Korea have on human rights in North Korea?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
If Russia and China got themselves into a war with each other, whom would the U.S. side with?
What does China really want from North Korea?
How does Israel view India?
Why can’t India attack North Korea and show a permanent solution?
What is the current scenario under the Indo-Soviet/Russia Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation?
Should I be worried about the North Korea situation? I've been losing sleep because of it.
What do you think about the Indian Su-30 going missing near the border with China?
Does the success of the OBOR meeting convened by China mean that, instead of succeeding in isolating Pakistan as we claimed, India has been isolated?
Why doesn't China want to be a good friend of India like Bhutan is?
What is the meaning of the existence of the ICJ, if countries like China and Pakistan don't accept the verdict?
What are the costs of Trump's "Ultimate" deal between Israel and Palestine?
If Saudi Arabia and Israel came to war, who would win?
How did India fail to become a superpower country?
Bodhidharma is related to which country and which state?
Is the European Union a progressive force in addressing global poverty?
Since normal Indians hate China and always stare at China, will India invade China when they are able (perhaps in 2050, when China gets old)?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
How can China help Pakistan improving its security situation?
What is the relevance of having warships in a nation's defense infrastructure?
Why hasn’t Christianity entered Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries despite close proximity with Israel and Palestine?
Why is Pakistan embarrassed at the petition of Kulbhushan Jadhav in the ICJ by India?
What are the European Union’s strongest and weakest links of legitimacy?
If Russia and Bannon were trying to exploit the simmering antipathy between the right and the left, and the Midwest and the coasts, how do we come together as a nation?
What if Russia invaded all of Europe Nazi style?
Is being the President of the United States a job most people want?
How do I prevent myself from falling for CCP propaganda?
Is it possible to stop north Korea's nuclear plans?
What will be the US’s strategy to stop North Korea after the 7th missile test this year?
What will be the best way to stop the war in Syria and Iraq?
How is America and India's relationship?
What if the United States tried to conquer the world (intelligently)?
Why is the US not doing anything about Erdogan's thugs beating their citizens?
How could someone be foolish enough to even try to conquer Russia?
Do you think there is going to be a war between the U.S. and North Korea?
What strategies caused the Soviets to lose the Cold War?
Why did Christianity fail to reach the Arabian countries despite the fact that those countries are nearer to the places Christ had lived?
Does the United States have the most protective military in case of a war?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
What is happening with the ransomware in the world right now?
If the sea level rises, can Vietnam ask China or Laos for some land?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
With a left-leaning president grabbing power, would South Korea now avoid the Americans and join China-Russia-North Korea as an ally?
Do South Koreans feel sorry for those who ended up having to live in North Korea after the peninsula was divided?
Should Britishers be ashamed of all the evils they have done to Indians by looting their wealth earned over thousands of years?
If Vietnam decides to attack ISIS in the Middle East, and overthrow the government of the pro-American states, would they be successful?
How will China look like if it splits into smaller countries?
Are the more frequent acts of terrorism in western countries a result of western intervention in the Middle East? What do you think?
Will the ASEAN community be successful? Why?
What are the suitable steps that India must take against Pakistan now?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
What is China's argument for not permitting India into the UNSC permanent council?
Why is Iran perceived as a brother country to India?
What would happen if Russia, Iran or China started patrolling the Gulf of Mexico, the Sargasso Sea, or the Gulf of Alaska with planes and warships? What would the USA do?
What percentage of the universe do we see and will we ever be able to see the rest?
Why is Trump publicly hostile toward our staunchest European allies while exceedingly friendly with Russia and Saudi Arabia?
Is Kashmir Pakistan's top most priority? What else matters to Pakistan as a country?
Is Hindi/Urdu understood in Afghanistan?
How can a DMD graduate from another country work in the United States as a dentist?
Could the United Arab States/Republic have realistically succeeded? If so, how?
What are the relations between China and the United States of America?
What would it take for Africa to become the dominant power it once was?
What is a regional identity for middle eastern? Middle East?
What current nationality is an individual considered to be who was born in Crimea before being annexed by Russia?
If Russia goes to war, who will help them?
How do countries make money transactions with each other?
Can war solve the Indo-Pak issue?
Does anyone believe that it is in China's interests to dominate the world considering its historical actions?
What are Qatar's foreign policy aspirations in the Middle East?
Can the host country enter another country's embassy and consulate?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
Why is India so concerned about Sri Lankan people’s standard of living as China has provided huge loans to Sri Lanka for economic development?
Do Indians hate the Chinese for blocking it to join the UN Security Council?
What are similarities between the UN and LON?
What were Michael Flynn's major policy disagreements with the Obama administration before he exited that administration?
Why is the US-Saudi arms deal such a big deal? Can't a country just buy arms from any vendor?
What does Russia think of India?
Who would win: The US and the EU vs. Russia and China?
Why doesn't the press focus on problems such as healthcare, rising debt, immigration and foreign policy?
What are the similarities between the Pakistani and Chinese cultures?
What would be your favourite superpower?
Is it true that Hindus of India want to annex China?
What is the best European country in 2017 to seek asylum in for Lebanese citizens?
How did the Latin American region become more diverse than Canada or the United States?
Is a NATO like alliance between India, Japan, Korea & other neighbours threatened by China possible?
Why did Communist China never attempt to invade Japan after the Chinese Civil War?
How strong and dangerous is Israel?
How can India defend against China with a defence budget of just 56 billion USD while China has a defence budget that is 5 times higher than that?
What is the role of Russia in the USA elections?
What steps would you take to change the world?
Will Russia turn communist again? If so, will there be another Cold War and what would be the effects?
Could Australia win a war against North Korea?
How has Iran braved world sanctions?
Has Pakistan's end game started?
How would the world react to superpowers?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
Is now (2017) an excellent time to re-negotiate treaties and trade agreements with the US because their government’s executive branch is in a chaotic state?
Why did Israel occupy Palestine? Why did Balfour pick Palestine and not another country/land in the U.K.?
What are the problems and prospects of Ukraine's partnership with the countries of southeast?
What is it like to be a foreign policy advisor?
Since Article 12 of the Treaty of Lausanne specifically states that ''the islands at less than 3 miles from the Asiatic coast remain under Turkish sovereignty'', are there actually any ''gray zones'' with undecided sovereignty, as Turkey claims?
What foreign aid does Russia give, if any?
Why did the Hyksos invade Egypt?
Why has the USA never ruled any country like the UK did in the past, despite being a superpower?
How do countries buy weapons?
Why should Taiwan be considered a country?
Why does Japan have good relations with the United States of America while, America did a nuclear attack on Japan?
If Russia were to invade Europe, how much success could it realistically expect in its invasion?
Should Latin American nations become one nation like the United States?
Were the nations of the USA and Russia friends after JFK was put down?
Is Syria against all violent non state actors?
Given the current global political winds, would it not be wise for India to chuck all and become an ally of China?
Why does the United Nations stay mute while people are killed everyday?
What are some good starting points for a paper on conflict in the Middle East?
Why would you support nationalism?
How would the process of giving India a seat on the Security Council work? Would you support it?
What caused the enmity between N & S Koreans?
How Israel has been such an indispensable friend for India, even in times of betrayal by major powers?
Does the FBI have internal affairs?
Why doesn't China promote its style of government in other countries?
Are Russia and the US allies now against North Korea and Syria?
What if miraculously Africa united with no problems and every country agreed, how powerful would the United Africa be?
Why is Israel trying to define itself as specifically a one race country?
If Napoleon decided not to invade Russia to enforce his Continental System, would he have won or at least benefitted from a truce with Allied nations?
Is Trump trying to hide that he asked General Flynn to meet with Ambassador Kislyak to reassure Putin about Obama’s sanctions against Russia?
Why do foreign countries intervene the Ahok issues? Do they truly know the problem?
What should you consider about the disputed Indo-Pak areas (land or people)?
Why has India isolated itself, as all countries have participated in OBOR?
How is the Israel-Russia relationship? I always see anti-Israel stories in Russian state-owned media (RT).
How can I get a scholarship in the USA for studying an M.A. in international relations?
If you could pick an unpopular nation to become a global superpower, which one and why?
What is the relationship like between an ambassador and a station chief within a country’s embassy?
Had Russia not withdrawn from Eurovision 2017, due to its contestant being barred from entering Ukraine, how well do you think it would have done?
When was the last US naval invasion?
What kind of international relations do Japan and Hungary have?
To what extent are American foreign policy goals in the Middle East centered on Israel?
Is conflict necessary for chance?
What is the relationship like between Poland and Vietnam?
Why should Taiwan be part of the PRC?
Can I work at the UN security council after the YPP examination?
What do academics in International relations do research about?
Why Sinosphere countries hate each other?
How accurate is BCG's 2011 predictions of BRICI (Brazil, Russia, India, China, Indonesia) digital landscape?
In the event of a political fallout with China, would North Korea turn to Russia?
What is the difference between dependency theory and developmental theory in international relations?
What does the United Nations do for development?
Has Pakistan “fought” any wars with countries other than India?
Is there any application, software or website where you can converse with someone in English to improve your English speaking skills?
Was there ever a point in history when there was a united Ireland as a single sovereign country?
Could China join the United States?
How does talking to Russian leaders make you a threat to America, or is this just a big lie?
What was the state of the Muslims in united India before the creation of Pakistan?
Why is the USA fighting Israel’s wars important? Then why are those who point that out labeled anti-Semitic?
Why do warring nations no longer formally declare war on each other?
Is India so disappointed that the USA and China are working together economically?
What are some good historic examples of visual arts playing an important role in strengthening business relations?
What is the purpose of diplomacy?
Why doesn't Pakistan invade Afghanistan to end all Afghan and Indian terrorist activities?
What is the full story of the ongoing rivalry between North Korea and America?
Is the group Al-Hashd Al-Shaabi essentially an Iranian proxy group fighting in Iraq?
Why are the sanctions imposed by the US taken seriously? Why do we not hear about sanctions imposed by other countries?
What would be the effect (if there are any) of the alliance between China and the Philippines to the United States?
What are the technologies most commonly used in Middle-East India?
How sovereign and independent was the GDR?
What are some atrocities/unfair things done by India as a nation towards other nations?
How can India tame Pakistan without going for a war with it?
What do Indian people think about communism in Vietnam?
Is the US the real threat to the world peace and the world's natural environment?
Given global markets and nuclear stockpiles, how could an all-out military conflict between two major powers (USA/China/Russia/?) take place?
Is the firing squad the penalty for treachery in the United States today as in Russia?
What is an example of diplomacy?
How is trade between the nations of the European Union tracked and recorded?
Why is Pakistan embarrassed at the petition of Kulbhushan Jadhav in the ICJ by India?
Which countries are Iran's enemies? Why?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
What do diplomats do when the country where they're posted faces unrest?
If the EU combined forces, would they be considered as a superpower?
What if North Korea suddenly turned into becoming a democratic state?
Why doesn't India slap sanctions against Pakistan instead of asking other countries to do so?
What is the perspective of the Afghan people on the recent tension between Pakistan and Afghanistan? What are the reasons and background for this tension?
Why is France not helping Vietnam against Chinese aggression in the South China Sea?
Do we need a new world order?
Why does the game 'The Escapists' have a Europe, Russia and Poland version?
Why don’t Turkey and Azerbaijan look like other Middle Eastern countries?
Is current Iran more independent than Iran in Pahlavi time?
What are the best sources for Political Science and International Relations preparation, especially for writing?
What is the difference between an international society and an international system?
What would happen if the United States neither supported nor condemned Israel?
What makes Israel a chosen nation and why is it so despised?
How will Pakistan react to the US government blaming Pakistan for the deteriorating India-Pakistan relations?
If the US declared war on Russia, where and how would they attack first?
Does Russia really want to attack the Baltic states?
How much can Iran progress under the current regime?
What are the border disputes that haven’t been claimed by anybody?
What will happen if North Korea declares war against India?
Will America give back Hawaiians their sovereign rights?
Do you think that Iraqis will ever forgive Christians or America and its allies for what they did in Abu Graib?
Do you think Russia spies on China?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Did China have foreknowledge of the Cuban Missile Crisis? Weren't there cold relations between Beijing and Moscow by 1962?
Why do modern nations eschew torture in active militant enemies?
What would happen if the U.K. and Canada went to war?
When a war breaks out between two countries, are the diplomats called back home by nations from embassies?
Do peoples of Finland, Norway, Sweden and Denmark understand each other's languages?
Should NATO remove Greece's membership due to Greece's supports to Serbia and Russia?
Why don't more people support world government?
Why is Russia more corrupted than China, what made Russia super corrupt and bad?
What is the European union draw 2017?
Why isn’t the UN recognizing India as a nuclear state (so that India can sign a NPT as a nuclear state)?
Can Kashmir issue ever be solved with bilateral diplomacy, merely through dialogue between India and Pakistan?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
What is required for a country to impose sanctions on USA?
Why do most Lebanese and Palestinian people hate Iran despite Iran's support for them?
Does India share a border with Afghanistan?
What is India doing to enhance it's aerospace power as to counter the threats from some of the neighbouring countries?
What is the role of NGOs in the United Nations?
If India and Pakistan were to come together, what would the benefits be?
What are Turkey's options to retaliate against the unlawful Greek militarisation of the Aegean Islands whose non-military status was confirmed in Lausanne?
Will the ASEAN community be successful? Why?
What are the suitable steps that India must take against Pakistan now?
Why does Turkey believe that Kurds do not deserve to have their own independent country?
What was the relationship between Greece and the former Yugoslavia?
Should I attend the United Nations Youth Assembly this August?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
What improvements have European countries achieved through European Union?
What community college classes can I take as a pre-requisite for International Relations at UC Berkeley?
Is SAU worth doing M.A in international relations? Is it better than JNU for I.R?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
In the past 10 years, when were our tensions with North Korea the worst?
What is America's nation-state like?
How should the LTTE have defended itself on the international stage?
Is the USA under attack by Russia?
What are the advantages for a country in having borders that it enforces?
Why do USA want to keep Turkey in NATO although it is a radical Islamic country?
Can Pakistan and India resolve the Siachen dispute? Will it be possible?
How has India been able to keep ISIS from carrying out a major attack on its land?
How do I become a powerful searcher?
If you are not a member of the state and someone will beat you, what should you do?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
What will be the effects on Europe if a nuclear war starts between the U.S. and North Korea?
What is the current power balance in the world, and what is India's role in it?
How can Zimbabwe move out of the debt trap amidst the sanctions imposed by the west?
Would Russia have been deterred from invading Ukraine in 2014 if Ukraine still had nuclear weapons?
What will happen if the USA declares war on China? Will it affect India in any way?
Why was the Rush–Bagot Treaty important to make a demilitarized border between the U.S. and Canada?
Is the South Asian University's political science master’s (international relations) better than that of Delhi University?
What will be the effect of the recent US sanctions on Pakistani terror groups?
How have the relations of South American countries been with the USA?
If China and Russia were invaded by the rest of the world, but no one was allowed to use WMDs, how long would it take to conquer both countries?
Which country is the worst: Venezuela or Cuba?
Why does North Korea like Vietnam so much?
Why can’t India stop thinking about the U.S.A. and start building our relationships with China?
What is a regional identity for middle eastern? Middle East?
Has the US conquered the world?
Would pro-Israel people have accepted a compromise where the US vetoed the December 2016 UN resolution, but then never used the veto power again for Israel?
What if Pakistan takes the Kashmir issue to the International Court of Justice?
Why did Justin Trudeau do nothing to start diplomatic relations with Iran that was ended by Harper?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
What are the internal security threats for Russia?
What would the world's reaction be if India suddenly attacked Pakistan and won the war in 3 days without losing a single soldier and civilian?
Why do the Russians and Persians who are fighting in Syria change their small arms to new ones?
Is Cheong Jin Hang actually knowledgeable about current world affairs?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Which books should an aspiring diplomat who is interested in international relations, read?
How many countries are members of SDRs?
What are four types of power in international relations?
Who will win in a war between Kemal's Turkey and Lenin's Russia?
Which nation is the bigger threat to peace in Asia, China or India?
How would other countries react if Switzerland invaded and annexed Liechtenstein?
Will humanity ever come to a state where countries/nations will be planets instead of our current state?
What could be the best possible solution to resolve the Indo-Pak border issues?
Is something like the Marshall Plan a good idea for fixing today's war-torn countries like Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia and Nigeria?
What problems can the USA possibly have with any country trying its hands with atomic power, for instance, North Korea?
Why weren't any sanctions imposed on the USA after the assassination attempts on Fidel Castro?
Why would the Russian government ever side with North Korea?
Who would win, European Union (EU) vs Russia 2017 Army/Military?
How can I speak to Minister of Embassy of the People's Republic of China in the U.S.A?
Why did the central powers attack other countries?
How would I go about estimating a realistic and proportional force against an enemy nation?
Why aren't there any problems along the Gujarat or Rajasthan border between India and Pakistan?
Why does Moscow keep voting against Israel at the United Nations?
What is the fundamental point of dot for negative relation between India and Pakistan?
Why do Westerners keep interfering in other nations' affairs?
Was the Treaty of Versailles fair for the United States?
Has India succeeded in its diplomatic/political cordoning of Pakistan and its agenda from world forums (except China, of course)?
If we did get into a war with North Korea, would they be able to even reach us? Also, what is the radius of their nuclear power?
How will foreign heads of state conduct foreign policy when they realize that the President of the United States is a thug?
Is the CIA responsible for providing the funds to carry forward the South China Sea dispute?
What are the main internal threats for China?
How would USA react if Canada accidentally marched into US territory?
What will happen if India joins OBOR?
In the first half of the XVIII century, why didn’t Portugal annex Galicia via arms or diplomatic means?
Do Americans feel sorry about the current situation in Iraq?
What will happen if we learn that Flynn's talks with Russian Ambassador Kislyak (after Obama announced sanctions) were at Trump's behest?
Can India secure a 6th permanent membership in the United Nations Security Council?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Which European countries are more free for foreigners?
What would happen if somehow a terrorist group managed to take the UN security council as hostages?
How has Israel been such an indispensable friend for India (when other major powers back-stabbed it during crucial times)?
Why don't Russia and the USA get along, especially when tensions between these two countries have been dissipated post-Cold War?
Why does Pakistan want to be a provocateur to Iran?
Why wasn't the Russian news agency supposed to post pictures of the meeting between the President and Russia's ambassador?
Which language should I learn as a student in international relations?
What are the state and non-state actors in international relations?
Can you safely drive from Iran to Israel?
Could Kosovo be legally a new state of the USA?
Do you think that the war between North Korea and America will happen?
In some western countries, refugees from Iraq and Syria were allowed in a large quantity. Will this not disturb those countries in the near future?
Russia is accused of influencing the USA election. Has the USA ever done the same to other countries, maybe even today, irrespective of the method?
How should we protect Pakistan from Syria-like situation?
Why did India give $37 million to Nepal in aid last year since Nepalese are so anti-Indian?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
What is something you like best or good about China that other countries may not have?
What is the difference between partnership and cooperation in international relations and diplomacy?
Have Australian troops been feared by their enemies for any reason in conflicts they've been involved in?
What nations have any sort of chance of defeating the US in a war?
What consequences will Pakistan have to face if it violates the directives given by the International Court of Justice?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
What would happen if America were under the rule of another country? What country would it be? Who would be the President?
Is it true that Iranian people would side with Israel but the Iranian government would side with Palestine?
Isn't India risking an irreversible downgrading of a relationship with Russia by cosying up to not-so-friendly to Russia states like the US and Japan?
Why does India want a friendly relationship with Pakistan?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
Who would win, the USA, the UK, Germany, Israel, Pakistan, Taiwan, South Korea and Japan vs Russia, China, India, Iran, and North Korea?
Why is Al Jazeera still anti-India despite good relations between India and Qatar (referring to the maritime defense agreement in November 2008)?
Should I choose to do HSPS at Cambridge or international relations at LSE?
Why doesn't the USA restrict its citizens from traveling to North Korea?
Why is China so expansionist despite having vast area of land?
What are LST relations?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Does the US's military belong to a coalition of other nations?
Which countries are allies with Georgia?
Does a confederacy have to be a sovereign state?
What will be the fate of both the USA and Russia in the next 10-20 years? Who will have more supporting nations for them?
What is the best way to unify a nation?
Why does China help out terrorist Iran?
What is your opinion of China?
Who are the allies and enemies of Ecuador?
Should I go for a PhD in international relations?
Which of the countries of the world borders on eighteen countries?
China's foreign policy has widened the scope of its development. In what ways does it affect India's economy?
Does North Korea not have the right to defend itself?
If the USA were to ally with Russia and China, how long would it take for them to take over the world?
Will Gwadar be the next Dubai?
What would need to happen for the USA to be united again?
What is the current status of Ernst Thälmann Island?
What did we lose in Syria?
Can it happen that North Korea fight with India?
As a Westerner, how can I abandon my pro-Western, anti-Russia and anti-China views?
Will South Korea's new president change course with North Korea and the US?
Is it time to get a world union so we can work on humanity’s future together?
What does the result of the 2017 French election mean for the European Union?
What is your "only in the Middle East" experience?
Why did Saudi Arabia's prince threaten Iran with war on Iran's soil?
If a war breaks out between India and Pakistan, who will support Pakistan?
What would happen if a country did not follow the decision of the International Court of Justice?
Is China playing the slow game with Vietnam?
Why hasn’t Russia ever been conquered？
Can a nation officially buy a portion of another nation or if they have lot of reserves, buy an entire nation?
Is the UNSC obsolete?
Where can one do a PG in political science in international relations through distance learning in India?
Why is there so much unrest in homes in countries in the world? Why are we afraid?
How do nations protect their boundaries from neighbouring countries?
How did the ICJ stay the execution of Kulbhushan, despite the disputes between Commonwealth nations (i.e. India and Pakistan) that are outside purview of the ICJ?
Why don't some Arabs count Iran as a part of the Middle East?
Why must India attack Pakistan ASAP?
Is it a good idea to supply limited arms to Kurdish fighters in Syria?
Has Russia destroyed Syria?
Which nation did Russia fail to conquer?
Is the U.S. as vulnerable to an EMP attack by North Korea, and other countries, as we've heard?
Why are Vietnam and Turkey friendly to Australia, a former enemy, while other countries are unable to stop hating the countries they once fought?
Will North Korea really launch an EMP strike on the US?
Can any country or NATO attack Russia and win?
What is the reason behind Pakistan interference in internal policies of its neighbours?
Where would the initial battlefield be of a world war happened today with China and Russia on one side and NATO on the other side?
Why does China want to change the name of CPEC?
Why can't Iran and Saudi Arabia be close allies?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
Why did Argentina not get involved in the War of the Pacific?
What is the main difference between partnership and cooperation in international relations? How it could be explained in context of bilateral relations?
Will Putin help Trump put an end to North Korea's "threats"?
How can the U.S. improve relations with European nations, and how are its people viewed by inhabitants there?
How can we protect human beings from America's global dominance?
What are the different fields for freelancing for a CSE student after a B.Tech?
What are the reasons behind modern Germany's era of societal, and economic stability?
Why do the Vietnamese love the US and dislike China?
Why does India have to listen to what the UN and the US say?
What happens if Pakistan fails to abide by the directives of the ICJ?
Why did many nations invade Afghanistan, and still?
What will happen if Pakistan goes notorious and does nuclear attacks on India?
Why didn't the UNSC abolish the Chinese veto power after the Communist Chinese government had overthrown the Democratic Republic of China government?
What is the biggest threat to Instagram's future?
What could a small nation, such as Liechstenstein, do to shield itself during an invasion?
What are the chances of a major conflict happening before 2020?
What will go wrong if the countries of Africa form African Union just like the European Union?
Why is the world talking about a WWIII when there are clearly no two big parties (it's just NK vs the world)?
Has any country recognized ISIS as a country?
What do you think when China is characterized as a spoiled child?
How can someone work for the United Nations in the media or journalistic fields?
Why do guys in the Middle East and Mediterranean like kaftans so much?
What's the smallest amount of land two countries have had a border dispute over?
What are some international organisations like the United Nations that work in renewable energy?
Is it possible that India recognizes Taiwan as the true China and negotiates its border dispute with Taiwan in India's favor as quid pro quo?
Can European union countries import apparel from Bangladesh?
What effect will South Korea's new government have on the time needed for North Korea to develop ICMBs with nukes?
Why does the Israeli-Palestinian conflict get so much attention and emotion when there are worse atrocities taking place around the globe?
What would happen if the U.S. either wiped North Korea off the map with bombs, or invaded and took control of it?
What parts of the borders of India and Pakistan are more prone to terrorist infiltration from Pakistan?
Why did France and America’s relationship deteriorate?
Can China choose to remain neutral in future nuclear exchanges between countries to retain stability as long as Chinese soil is not threatened?
If China and Pakistan attacked India, which countries would support India?
Why does the world feel that the United States, as a superpower, is better than China?
Is Islam the downfall of the Middle East?
Muslim countries, China, Nepal, and Thailand are not members of the Commonwealth of Nations and games. Is there any rule that only former colonial countries can be members?
If Russia and the United States were to declare war on each other, what would happen on the ISS?
How can we protect Syria from the USA's invasion?
Why does America entangle itself in other countries' wars and issues when it is struggling to take care of its own citizens?
What is the relationship like between Poland and Turkey?
What would happen if a permanent United Nations security council member began establishing military bases in Antarctica?
Why does India give human rights to its citizens but China is communist?
If all the countries on the American continent (South & North) attacked the US, would the US be able to repel the invasion forces of those countries?
How can China sell cheaper than other countries do?
What would be the capital of a united European Union?
Russia gave medicine & weapons to India when the USA refused to even give food. Why is India now backstabbing Russia at Russia’s bad time?
What are the benefits of a permanent seat for UNSC in India?
Why does Pakistan accept China as their master and themselves as slaves?
What will happen if Pakistan violates the stay orders given by the International Court of Justice and hangs Jadhav?
How true is it that "poor people" are "better off" in Canada than in the U.S.?
Is India creating a similar sort of ruckus in Kashmir, as it was created by Pakistan in Bangladesh?
What could be done to establish democracy in North Korea?
How has the United States' relationship with China changed under the Trump Administration?
Is the world's economic center of gravity shifting to Asia?
Is China doing anything forceful enough to get N.Korea to change its behavior in 2017?
Why does China want to dominate the world?
Is India close to Russia or the USA?
What are the main conditions of membership of the European Union?
What would happen if a US aircraft carrier happened to sail close by North Korea?
Why do the western countries support Pakistan despite knowing that it’s a haven for terrorists and it has no real democracy?
What if North Korea was situated in the land occupied by Israel and vice versa in the present day?
How are CPEC, India, China and Pakistan related to each other?
Is there a difference between threatening a "preemptive nuclear strike of justice" and threatening to "nuke the White House"?
Should the issue of Kashmir be solved with the help of the UN Security Council?
Why does India not accept refugees from the Middle East?
Would the fates of Pakistan and Ukraine be the same in the coming years?
Should Modi, on behalf of Indian government, in his visit to Sri Lanka apologize to Sri Lankan people for creating & funding terrorists group LTTE?
What do Indians think about Iran's latest warning to Pakistan? Will India join Iran in waging a war against Pakistan?
How can a Code of Conduct effectively solve the South China Sea dispute?
Are Pakistan and China spreading anti-Bihari immigrant sentiment in Nepal to reduce India's influence?
Is there only one answer which covers all questions about international relations?
In what year was the European Union created?
Can INS Chakra fire BrahMos missiles against Pakistan or China?
Don't you think European Union has become a "closed union" instead of being an "open union"?
Which two countries you think would have been able to do so much for each other if they would just stop hating each other?
When is the US going to attack North Korea?
Did the British government betray Zimbabwe on the land issue?
How was Israel formed and what is the Palestine and Jerusalem conflict or dispute? What is India's stand on the Palestine issue?
Is it true that "Americans never seem to appreciate patriotism in foreigners"? If there is some truth to this, then why would that be?
How can India separate Balochistan from Pakistan?
Why does Pakistan have a good relationship with an atheist country like China?
How will President Macron's relationship with Iran turn out?
Why does most of the world despise the United States?
What is the clear picture of the military relationship between NATO and Russia?
How many countries are supporting the CPEC project?
Has America done a lot of harm to Pakistan?
Should the United States intervene to stop a genocide?
How will Pakistan respond if Iran actually hits militant safe havens inside of Pakistan as warned by the head of the Iranian Armed Forces?
Pakistan hasn’t been able to annex Kashmir from India for the past 70-odd years, so why the implacable pursuit?
Why did the U.S. not invade Lebanon after the Beirut Bombings?
What areas India need to strengthen to be a next super power in the world?
Will CPEC ultimately lead to the occupation of Pakistan by China as in Tibet?
Can India change its no first use policy in terms of nuclear attacks?
Why does the world let China bully Vietnam?
Why are we not attacking Pakistan?
Can India become a superpower? If yes, in how many years?
Why does North Korea want to have a face-off with the United States?
How far beneath a country would you need to hypothetically tunnel to avoid being within its territory?
What are the placements like at South Asian University for a master’s in international relations?
Does France benefit from the Le Touquet treaty with UK?
What was the reason that India never attacked any other country in its entire history?
Why don't the USA lift off the economic sanctions against North Korea?
Why didn’t the United Nations support Tibet rather than oppose China for its illegal occupation of Tibet?
Does China respect the international laws like India?
Can there ever be a revolution in North Korea and when is it most likely to happen?
India-Pakistan: Who is gonna benefit more from US exit from Afghanistan, India or Pakistan?
Is Syria fighting for North Korean human rights?
Will the USA, Russia, and China offer a favorable trade agreement to the UK in order to weaken the EU and motivate further exit?
Are any countries safe to visit in Europe since the infusion of middle eastern refugees?
Is the EU really an elitist idea without the popular support from people of the member states?
Why does China dislike religions?
What would China’s reaction be if the US destroyed North Korea?
How would you lead rebels to invade a country?
Will Turkey fight the Kurds in the future?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
The family of a China rights lawyer, Xie Yang, said the US helped them flee to the USA. Could this be a case of the USA trying to destabilize China?
Can we expect China to host more Middle Eastern refugees in the future or will it continue to let other countries take in asylum-seekers?
Would the Allied troops’ invasion of France have been possible, without first conquering North Africa?
Does China really want a war with India or is it using a tactical move on Arunachal Pradesh by naming six of the towns in Chinese?
Do you think the UN Security Council is capable of taking any action against us for the Iraq war?
What is your personal view on any aspect of North Korea?
How many countries would be good if China were divided into several parts?
Which is India's most reliable ally?
What was the political scene behind the 1962 Sino-Indian War?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
Was the introduction of guns (gunpowder) to the Middle East beneficial or harmful?
If you would gladly fight for the USA, would you gladly fight for another country such as the UK or Australia?
What makes China and Pak closer?
What countries will China invade after South China Sea?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
Which country is worse, China or India?
Do you think the the Israeli Air Force should stop bombing the Syrian government/Hezbollah and start bombing ISIS?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Will the young people in Iran ever overthrow the Ayatollah?
What is the future of the EU?
Did the USA ever owe money to the USSR like it does to China today?
What is the current French political situation?
How likely is it that the ANZUS alliance will be abandoned?
Is construction of the CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor) a blessing in disguise for India?
Does Russia know that China is an atheist country?
How will citizens be aware of an attack upon the USA?
Do union of India have to expand by merging with Oceania Nations?
Where can I study a bachelor's degree in international relations in India?
What are the possibilities for WWIII? What would the probable roles of India, China, the USA, Russia and Germany in it?
Why doesn't America become an authoritarian government like China?
Was there ever a country bigger than modern Russia?
What will be the effect of the collapse of the dollar on the citizens of America? What about other countries?
Why hasn’t anybody filed a court case against the Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia?
Why does China only have about 260 nuclear warheads when Russia and the US have thousands? What is the Chinese policy with regards to nuclear weapons?
If a nuke were used to stop a nuke, would the chemicals combine?
What is the purpose of artificial islands North Korea is building around Sohae Launching Station?
Did you witness the India-Pakistan War (as a civilian and not from Army)?
How could Vietnam surpass Singapore in a short time?
Is the Kashmir issue overexploited to gain political power and favour from the central government?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
Should India expand its landmass by merging with small nations to help itself and them along and form a newly named nation?
The headline yesterday was "North Korea detain's second US citizen." How are there even US citizens in North Korea and why?
What has the United Nations organisation done to be more effective?
What is the Tanzanian foreign policy?
What is urging Afghanistan for an adventure with Pakistan?
After the completion of CPEC, China will be the next superpower. Do you agree?
Which country is more harmful to the US, China or North Korea?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
Why is the bonding between China and India not so good?
How long will India tolerate troubles caused by Pakistan?
Can India take back Pakistan and set up its control over it?
How is Syria organized by region?
Why don't other countries help to fix protracted conflicts in countries, rather than putting money towards funding solutions to migration crises?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
Why did Donald Trump choose Saudi Arabia as his first foreign country to visit? What is the message?
Are countries with integrated economies less likely to fight each other?
What is the foreign policy of Japan, especially to China?
If the US fragmented into a few separate nations, none much more powerful than another, which would get the permanent Security Council seat?
Do we have any kind of treaty with the USA?
If Latin American countries were not a direct threat to the US, why were they invaded by the US during the Cold War?
What side would South Africa be if WW3 broke out, since it allies with both the Chinese and the US?
How likely is a conflict involving North Korea in the near future?
How much power would Russia have, now or in the past, if the West didn’t take the actions it did in the Cold War?
How would you describe the cultural and historical relationship between North Africa and Spain?
If the USA were to hypothetically split into various new nations, what would be some likely new nations resulting from the split?
Is China blackmailing the USA?
Has Canada ever gone to a war with Turkey?
Why has North Korea always been so bent on taking back South Korea? Why can't they be content with what they have?
How do nations secure their border from intruders?
Is United Nations losing its relevance? Is it going to become another League of Nations?
Have the French fellows voted today? What did they choose, friendship with Russia or with the EU and Ukraine?
Is the UN gradually becoming like the League of Nations, a body incapable of solving world disputes?
Why does Israel officially recognize so few refugees who are not Jews?
Will China and the U.S. reach a bargain in Asia?
Why hasn't BRICS been able to bring India and China closer and unite to make the world multipolar again?
If we had to use force against North Korea, how would it most likely play out?
What will Syria be like in the coming years?
Aren't the international relations theories constructivism and Marxism both direct descendants of philosophical idealism?
What will the future hold for Venezuela?
What is a major issue for North Korea not unifying with South Korea?
Would the founders be worried about the federal governments’ access to the power of nuclear weapons?
Why is the American government against Pakistan?
When will India retaliate to China's aggression?
If Indian Americans are Indians, why are Indian Madheshis in Nepal not Indians? What’s the logic behind it?
Which countries have the biggest influence in Somalia?
How close did the Cold War come to turning into a hot war?
What would happen if the USA took over China and Russia while secretly destroying all opposition?
What is veto power? How can India get it?
What are the causes of interstate tensions in Southeast Asia?
What will be Pakistan’s role in WWIII, as Donald J. Trump has given signs for it? Will North Korea be a threat to India?
Why is there enmity between Argentina and Brazil?
Why didn’t Islamists declare a jihad against China?
What is the world heading for, with the most powerful countries run by right-wing governments like in India, the USA, Germany, Russia etc.?
How many Americans are currently being detained in North Korea?
What are the relationships like between the Middle East countries, and what are the obstacles that keep them away from each other?
If the US tries to invade India, will China help India?
Can Palestine and Israel both become secular states?
Why can't the U.S. make peace with North Korea?
Why don't we stop all relations, such as political, business and diplomatic, forever with Pakistan?
How would someone earn diplomatic immunity status in the UAE?
If China somehow managed to occupy a part of the US, how would the life of civilians be affected?
Does Russia have enough nukes to destroy the whole of India?
Which colleges offer an international relations bachelor's course in India?
Is Germany pro-India or pro-China?
Should India start arming Balochi rebels in an attempt to initiate a proxy war against Pakistan?
In the current protectionism trend of developed economies, how does India need to improve its foreign policy?
What’re the major differences between social lives in America and North Korea?
What is China's panda diplomacy all about?
Would a dictatorship help solve some of the issues in the Middle East?
What will Americans think/do, if Trump commences military action against North Korea?
What are concerns against the expansion of the European Union?
Are appeasement and sanctions viable strategies for preventing war?
Why has India been overburden due to WTO ties and not America or China?
Russia complains about Eastward exansion, but what would have been the outcome if the West had refused the former Warsaw Pact country's request to join?
Did the Iran Revolution in 1979 indirectly cause the Iran--Iraq War?
Where does Russia stand on the issue with North Korea? If we were to go to war, who's side would they take?
How will President Macron of France handle Britain, now that they are on course to leave the EU?
Why does ISIS never attack Iran? Iran is their direct neighbour, and it’s the only Shia Muslim government in the region…
Will China and Japan's relationship ever get better?
Why was Midway Island so important to the United States?
How are foreign students, especially from neighboring countries like Nepal and Bangladesh, treated in Indian universities?
How accepted are Noam Chomsky's views in academic studies of political history?
When will Syria regain stability?
Which person in the Obama administration most likely called Benjamin Netanyahu a "chickenshit"?
Jallikattu should remain banned, What do you think?
Has Pakistan been destroyed due to the United States?
What will it take to end the India-Pakistan conflict?
Why does Pakistan think that all the countries are jealous of their so called 'CPEC'?
What are the odds that North America will suffer a major military invasion from a Eurasian country in the next 50 years?
Can the 'deescalation' plan in Syria work? And does it represent a shift in diplomacy?
Will Emmanuel Macron follow the advice and policy of NATO in the further struggle with the Islamic states?
Is North Korea a threat to peace in Asia?
Why does India always appeal to the UN in the case of any dispute whereas the US openly bombards Syria and parts of Afghanistan?
Isn't it possible that any of the United Nations permanent members can misuse their right to vote?
Will Trump solve the North Korea and ISIS issue once and for all?
With China's increasing assertiveness in foreign policy, like CPEC and OBOR, what should be the action taken by India to retain its regional clout?
Why doesn't India start buying arms from China? If that happened, then Pakistan would not dare to threaten India again.
With Macron's victory, are we now seeing the formation of an alliance of the hard right (US, Russia, UK, Turkey) versus a moderate EU/EEA and Canada?
Who are some ambassadors worth following on Quora?
Is CPEC (China Pakistan Economic Corridor) truly a debt trap for Pakistan?
Why don't the foreign friends/allies of India help fight terrorism when the world knows that its govt is too slow in solving such issues?
Does Russia really have a 'wounded pride' after 1991?
What would happen if the United States and Israel were to go to war?
How worried should we be about the situation in North Korea?
What will The Democratic Repubic of Congo be like in the coming years?
Which nation in the world has the best administration?
Is it anti-Semitic to dislike the amount of influence Israel has on American foreign policy, especially if one has a similar dislike for Russia's?
What is India supposed to do if a nuclear war breaks out due to North Korea's recent actions?
If one country is to be blamed for all the mess around the world, what country would it be?
How come Chinese government can build multiple ghost cities in China, but not build some houses for the people who lost houses in Nepal earthquake?
What happened to all of Marine Le Pen's support in the second round?
How much of a reality was the domino effect, used to justify the Vietnam War by the US?
Is the US planning to nuke China and Russia?
What is Russia's endgame in Europe?
Can I work for the Syrian government as an American?
If the US left NATO, who would be the leader?
Do China and the U.S. currently have good relations?
What are best universities in the USA at which to study a Master’s in International Relations or Political Science?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
What would happen if Russia declared war on the USA?
Will India annex Pakistan?
Would the Indian Maoists support China if it declares war against India?
Is it true that Russia is hiding nuclear weapons off the coast of the U.S.A., to use either as a first strike or if we go to war?
Should Pakistan and India give up on Kashmir and become allies?
What happened that Syria, being the most stable country in the Middle East, became a nightmare for its own people?
Did the US win the Korean War? If yes, how did North Korea come into being?
Should the UN set up tribunals to prosecute ISIS members?
Is there any evidence that historically the US has acted to intentionally keep the Middle East unstable and divided for its own interests?
What was the reason of some parts of Greater Nepal being annexed to India?
What are the three most important things that most Americans don't understand about how the rest of the world views us?
What would society look like if there was a "Space Race"-esque time travel war?
Is it likely that North Korea will launch nuclear weapons against the US?
If a blockade is an act of aggression (USSR), why did this not cause America or anyone else to retaliate against the Berlin Blockade?
Why should not China have some form of compromise in respect of Arunachal Pradesh as it did with Russia some time back?
What is the present status of India Pak relation?
How would the USA of today invade the German-occupied Europe of 1944?
What if India breaks the Indus treaty which was signed on September 19, 1960?
What are the terms in international relations like treaty and entente?
What written publication is the best for concisely summarizing international and domestic politics?
Can North Korea's nuclear advancement be stopped without it's retaliatory destruction of South Korea?
What if the land connection between China and Pakistan via PoK is cut by India by reclaiming PoK? What happens to China and Pakistan’s relationship?
What is the difference between North Korea and Mongolia?
How well would Australia defend itself from an occupying enemy force?
From where did the Sino-Indian conflict actually start? Was it an opium war, or the Tibet annexation or anything else?
Do you think the recent rift between the USA and North Korea can lead to a devastating nuclear world war?
Why is the USA media making a big deal out of Russian bombers flying in international airspace near Alaska? The USA does this all the time to Russia.
Can India play a key role in world politics in the near future, through diplomacy or an economic rise?
Have there been any phases in history similar to the current political scenario?
During the Syrian civil war, was there ever the possibility of a rebel victory?
Should the United States and Russia together divide Vietnam again?
What are your views on: 1. the massive expansion and influence of ISIS; 2. the US-North Korean conflict; and 3. Cold War 2.0: NATO vs Russia standoff?
Is it true that Russia disabled US ships in the Middle East with electronic methods?
Do Sri Lankan Tamils secretly support India during an Indo-Sri Lankan match, since it is openly known that India has supported the making of the Tamil Eelam state?
What is your personal approach to globalisation, and do you think that globalisation is mostly positive or negative?
Who really doesn't want peace between Pakistan and India, outside of Pakistan and India?
How do you think the United Nations Security Council should be reformed in order to be an efficient international body?
With the USA, Russia and many other countries being involved in a proxy war in Syria, what do think about Syria's future?
Should India really invest in the Chabahar Port in Iran? Is Iran that reliable?
Why didn't Muslims invade China and Japan?
Does China want to be super-power of the world overcoming US?
Should we just blow North Korea the hell up and be done with it?
What are the best university for International relations in Tokyo?
Will Pakistan still exist by the end of 2020 as Sindh and Baluchistan are demanding freedom since 1971 after Bangladesh got separated from Pakistan?
What was the role of Britain in the Middle East conflict?
Should Iran support Azerbaijan in the Karabakh conflict?
What would make Pakistan instigate a proxy war?
What is the strategy used by the USA to control China?
What would happen to developing countries in a trade war?
As a civilian, do I have a right to kill for my country if it gets invaded?
Is there any way to remove China from the South China Sea?
What are some problems that Pakistan is most likely to face in the near future?
Will India ever be part of the UN Security council with Veto power?
Will India become a superpower in the next few years?
What could possibly happen if the USA and North Korea declare war? Who will get India's support and why?
For about 2 decades there has been a lot of emphasis on religion in India & Pakistan. Is that good? Has this helped these nations?
Which are the most artistic countries in the world?
If the European Union collapses, how would it affect non-EU countries?
What will happen if Turkish forces meet Russian forces in Syria?
Why isn’t India ready to expand the Malabar naval exercise and include Australia as an observer country? Even in 2015, it had included Japan in it.
How will the current French election affect world politics?
Is it true that USA is afraid of North Korea?
Why doesn't North Korea use terrorism as an instrument of war against South Korea?
What is significance of the Erdogan regime in the context of world politics?
Is India really growing as a superpower?
Why doesn't China give pandas to Vietnam and the Philippines to ease the tension in the South China Sea?
Should Iraq even be a country?
How can India become a superpower?
Is there any chance at all of India becoming a permanent member of the UNSC?
Why did Serbia attack Kosovo in 1996?
Can India ever stop doing business with China?
What would be the world be like if China and Russia defeated America and NATO in a non-nuclear world war?
Can the US be blamed for all the turmoil in the Middle East?
How does one become a member of the press in India?
Would Indonesia be better developed if it breaks up into several sovereign nations like in Central America?
Why does the Ice Nation hate Lexa?
Why did the US care more about Iran developing nuclear weapons than North Korea?
Should the USA control China?
Is it justifiable to take unilateral preemptive action against an ISIS supporter wherever they are in the world?
What are the changes in the world’s political scenario across the last century from India’s point of view?
How do you see the Syrian conflict playing out in the future?
How come communist nations like China and Vietnam manufacture our stuff? But doesn't North Korea make anything? I can't find “Made in North Korea” anywhere.
What is the issue of Palestine with regard to Hamas, Fatah and Israel? What is the 1967 border formation in Palestine?
Did Israel invade their territory or did they defend it?
Is India really a superpower?
What are the best university for international relations in UK?
What are the possible legal effects of the US bombing Syria?
Does SCMHRD take us on foreign trips?
What happens if a country head is assassinated on foreign soil?
If there is a war between India and China, who will come out as a sheer winner hands down?
With whom is India close now, Russia or the USA?
Are Iranians more pro-Russia, pro-USA or pro-China in international affairs?
How is India positioned as a superpower?
Will the conflict between the principles of the freedom of movement and nationalism inevitably mean that the EU will collapse?
Do you recommend I move to Syria just to experiment?
Is there any place in this world which is ruled by two countries?
How much longer will the anti-establishment political scenario last until we go back to globalization?
Why is Pakistan the most powerful Islamic country?
Why did the UN give the 5 big countries the right to veto?
Is it worthwhile, pumping money into Nepal's development? China would still overpower it in a conflict very easily.
How can the Middle East conflict be explained in simple words?
If you could use a single word to aptly describe and summarise a particular country's people, what word would thay be, and why?
Is it true that some oil ministers in Arabia, or kings in the Middle East, have 3 or 4 times the amount of money that Bill Gates or Warren Buffet have?
What is the current water crises between Pakistan and India?
Which of the countries among India, China, and Japan have a considerable soft power in European countries?
How does one control the flow of war?
How likely is unification between North Korea and South Korea in the far future?
Who did the USA support in Kosovo?
What false equivalences do people make between the U.S. and Russia?
What were the actual reasons for killing Saddam Hussein & Muammar Gaddafi? Could the US & the NATO had avoided this?
If Vietnam chose China instead of Russia during the Sino-Soviet split, would China have continued giving it aids and support its development?
Is America selling itself out at the expense of other countries?
How is Pakistan geographically crucial for America, China, and Russia?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
Why do people always think that China will invade other countries?
What independent source can confirm or establish the number of nuclear weapons possessed by China?
What happened in Palestine?
Why did France invade Mexico?
What are Vietnam’s relations with the rest of the world?
How can the USA be considered to be richer than China if the USA owes China $1 trillion while China owes $0 to the USA?
How dangerous is Saudi Arabia for world peace?
Do Israel's settlements serve a similar purpose to the de-Arabization policy of the KRG in post-Saddam Iraq?
What is relation between Hanumanji and Shani Dev?
Is North Korea that bad as portrayed by the global media conglomerates?
What will happen if we survived a limited nuclear war? What would countries do to stop another one?
Were there any Chinese heroes of Yuanmingyuan? How effective were they in combat?
How many countries fought with ISIS? In which countries did they fight?
Why don't we hear about the partition stories of India-Bangladesh (formerly East Pakistan)?
How do China and Singapore’s political systems resemble and differ?
Who ultimately decides what and when military actions against N. K. will happen?
Will funding Madheshi terrorists in Nepal backfire on India in the long run because of the 1300 km-long border between the two countries?
How can the US talk about protecting the world and its allies from North Korea’s nukes, being a large owner of nukes and the first country to drop nukes in a war?
What is your family's story of the 1971 Liberation War?
How and when did Mexico lose its southern land?
How would you describe the relationship between India and Israel?
Would Muslims from around the world defend their holy land if Russia, America or China decided to invade Saudi Arabia tomorrow?
What if Pakistan and India's relation became stronger and borders were removed?
What is going on with the India/Vietnam Akash and Brahmos missile deal? Some sites say that China has killed this deal, while others say that India has put talks on hold on this deal.
What would happen if a country declared war on Vatican City?
Is Germany now the leader of the free world, now that Trump has made America less ideal?
Would you say that a new Cold War exists between the U.S. and the Russian Federation?
Do tattoos have similar connotations in mainland China as in Japan and South Korea?
Is Pakistan a good country?
What will happen between North Korea and Trump?
Is Israel the biggest supporter of ISIS?
Why has Iran been the only Muslim country to stand up to Western imperialism, while those militarily more powerful than Iran- Pakistan Turkey, and Egypt- have not been able to?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
Why does China claim Arunachal as its own, given the fact that there is no such separatist tendency in Arunachal Pradesh?
What will be the scope after doing an M.A. in international relations at South Asian University?
What would happen if the United States stopped fighting against ISIS?
Could the UN demand that military action be taken against a country?
If you put China's military against the USA’s, who would win in a land invasion?
What are the best scholarships for students with Armenian heritage from the Middle East?
Why is Quora censoring honest answers on the Israel-Palestine conflict?
Is NAM properly built when compared to NATO and WARSAW, as its members had secret alliance earlier with the 2 power blocs?
If Iran and Israel teamed up, could they take down all of Arabia?
Is Asia heading for a naval arms race?
What will happen if microbes attack us?
Should Japan get cruise missiles to have the ability to better strike North Korea?
Is it true that the USA’s $1 trillion debt to China is advantageous to the USA more than to China?
How many countries are currently participating in the battle against Islamic State?
How do people of other countries view India and Pakistan?
What nations might have secret WMDs?
How come today the Left is Anti-Russia and the Right Pro-Russia, when historically it's been the other way around?
How much will China suffer if it goes to war with India?
Why do China and Pakistan hate India? What if China becomes a Muslim-dominated country?
How likely is it that these recent tensions between the US and North Korea will die down again like the other points tension these last couple years?
Does a class system exist in communist countries like China, Vietnam, Laos, and North Korea?
How is Russia managing to do all this hacking, spreading propaganda to influence American voters, and not bowing to the European Union, NATO and America?
What is China’s influence on the South China Sea region’s geopolitics?
If UK and Canada went to war, which side would the US support?
What is the foreign policy of Martin Schulz?
Does China really have 20,000 plus slaves and if they do why does the U.S. or the U.N. shy from intervening on this serious matter?
Was the avoidance of WWIII in 1945 with Russia a mistake?
If a referendum were held today, would a majority of Bahrainis choose to be annexed by Iran or remain a sovereign state?
What are the current issue of water crises between Pakistan and India? (2000 to 2017).
Are there any negotiations going on between North Korea and the US? Can't they remain peaceful?
What are some examples of diplomacy variants?
Will the OBOR (One Belt One Road) Project prove to be beneficial for countries other than China?
What would happen if Russia and several Muslim nations invaded Israel?
How can the Syrian conflict be resolved for the benefit of their people and for global peace?
India and the US are so called democratic countries and have similar ideologies. Why doesn't India trust the US, but trusts communist China by trading more with China?
The USA invaded Iraq because they thought they had nukes. Why don't they invade North Korea when they know they have nukes?
What are the long-term economic effects of international sanctions on a country?
Despite being an NPT member, why did China help Pakistan procure nuclear weapons?
Why does the United States form alliances everywhere? Does the US know the risk?
Are North Korea, China, and Russia together?
What do you see as the greatest threat to the environment today? Why?
Would Moroccans be better off if the country was split into multiple countries?
Does Modi’s foreign policy fail in the case of Pakistan?
What if North Korea Nuked Taiwan?
What might happen between North Korea and America? If war started what are consequences to the world?
Who was responsible for the 1962 Sino-Indian War?
Is India a member of FSB?
What are the challenges to the modern state system?
Is international/western intervention justifiable or necessary in the Arab World?
If you could carve out three new countries from the existing ones, which would they be?
If the U.S. is the world police then why do only get involved with countries we know we can handle with ease despite other nations doing much worse?
Is China using Pakistan as a 'toy'?
Are the Malaysian Chinese happy with Nepal?
Why can’t we have strong borders and take immediate action like Israel does to teach Pakistan a lesson instead of going to war?
What would cause Russia to declare war on the US?
Why is India keen to have a relationship with Saudi Arabia when Saudi Arabia directly supports Pakistan against India?
How did Germany and Italy become unified states? And how do their stories overlap?
Under which conditions, Iran and the USA can have normal relations?
What is taking place in Syria?
Has a criminal group ever declared war on a country and posed a serious threat?
In what ways has the 1971 Liberation War changed the relationship between Bangladesh and Pakistan?
Does "bacha posh" exist in a similar form in another Middle Eastern country, other than Afghanistan and Pakistan?
Is Pakistan providing India with opportunities to start a war against the latter?
Why doesn't the United States take military action against North Korea before it is too late?
How can the Syrian conflict be resolved to the benefit of their people and for global peace?
Has a magical belief in the European Union replaced other religion among white Europeans?
How involved is Asma al-Assad with her husband's war in Syria?
Like terrorists in Sri Lanka, why can’t India fund terrorists in Pakistan to teach Pakistan a lesson?
Is India a threat to China?
If India were to take POK by force, would Russia support India since India had abstained from voting against Russia on the Crimea issue?
How does international law protect human rights?
What are the words the most associated with your country?
Would China protect Vietnam if it is being attacked by another country?
How were nuclear weapons distributed? Which countries developed nuclear weapons and which countries received nuclear weapons from their allies?
What is the current water crises between Pakistan and India?
How many countries have signed the Paris Agreement? Why is this number significant?
Who did the USA support in Kosovo?
What interest does Iran have in the Syrian conflict?
Why would North Korea threaten the US, even when they obviously know that the US can absolutely destroy them?
What is the future of the SAARC in the context of Pakistan and India relations?
How is Pakistan geographically crucial for America, China, and Russia?
Can China become a major non-NATO ally? Would the USA consider it if proposed by the Chinese?
Which country's leader, if assassinated right now, would directly cause the most chaos in the world?
If irrefutable evidence proved North Korea is cloning genetically engineered army super soldiers, what would happen? What would the world's reaction be?
If India could annex Hyderabad with its army, why couldn't it annex Kashmir by having its army fight Pakistanis in 1948?
Why do we need the United Nations when it's the USA alone that controls the body?
Is Donald Trump trying to play China and North Korea off each other?
Should we follow Israel's way of dealing with terrorists in the case of Pakistan?
What can India do about Pakistan?
What is the role of UN in Pakistan?
What is the base of foreign policy?
How does a country get its benefits from other countries?
Why doesn't China take hold of Arunachal Pradesh if it claims it to be an integral part of it territory?
In case of war between Pakistan and India on Kashmir, will Bangladesh stay on Indian side?
Why is India not calling Iran and Russia terrorist supporters?
How could the CIA assassinate Kim Jong-un, as North Korea recently alleged they plan to?
Inspite of being India's friend, why is Russia not as popular as USA among the Indian people?
What if India ends all its diplomatic relations with Pakistan?
What is your family's story of the 1971 Liberation War?
How did Pervez Musharraf take power in Pakistan?
Can you legally hit someone first as a preemptive strike?
How and when did Mexico lose its southern land?
Is Pakistan on the way to becoming a Chinese colony? Have they forgotten their roots?
What would happen if a country declared war on Vatican City?
The first foreign visit of Trump’s will be to Saudi Arabia and Israel. Does that mean these countries rule the world now?
Would you say that a new Cold War exists between the U.S. and the Russian Federation?
Is Pakistan a good country?
By not reacting strongly to the barbaric act of Pakistan, has India proved that it is a weak state?
Can India reclaim the POK from Pakistan and Aksai Chin from China?
What's the Japanese opinion about China and South Korea?
Does the South Korea hate North Korea?
How was the connection between the Portuguese and the Brazilian Indians?
What is the strongest superpower?
Could the UN demand that military action be taken against a country?
Why did the USA not offer F-35s to Pakistan, when Russia offered Su-35s to India and is jointly working on production of the Sukhoi T50?
Could Britain win a war against India?
What would happen if the JSOC went to war with CIA’s SAD?
If Iran and Israel teamed up, could they take down all of Arabia?
What would war between the US and North Korea look like in North Korea?
What would it take for the United Nations to interfere in the atrocities that are happening in Venezuelan's dictatorship?
Republicans have waged war on the poor but much of the poor seems to have waged war against themselves. Did this happen in the French Revolution, too?
If the main reason the Arab League boycotts Israel is an invasion of any area, then why don't they boycott Russia for Georgia and Ukraine, and others, too?
What are the disadvantages of living in a vast country like Russia or China?
If North Korea starts a war against the US, will North Korea be helped by China and Russia? And what would be the effect and role of India?
Why do people of Indian thinks that Gilgit baltistan is Occupied by Pakistan?
Is it true that the USA’s $1 trillion debt to China is advantageous to the USA more than to China?
What is ASEAN?
If a country that wants to invade China, which of the 14 border countries would they start to invade from?
Can Trump change America's Middle East policy by himself?
What is individual sovereignty?
Why don't India and China come together for a bright future for Asian countries?
Who will Russia support if China and Pakistan breaks into a war against India?
How would one go about taking over North Korea?
What would happen if the USA withdraw its troops from GCC?
How likely is it for the USA to enter a war between now and the next few years?
Why aren't Thailand and Kazakhstan included into Next Eleven but Vietnam and Bangladesh instead?
Why so some countries assault each other?
Does India need a strong “king” like in Bhutan to develop rapidly? Isn't democracy hampering India's growth? Should Modi be declared “King of India”?
Why did burma seperate from India?
What's the political situation in France?
What is the foreign policy of Martin Schulz?
India and the US are so called democratic countries and have similar ideologies. Why doesn't India trust the US, but trusts communist China by trading more with China?
Can India's domestically built fighter jet Tejas, bring down China's domestically built civilian airliner C919?
What are the long-term economic effects of international sanctions on a country?
Despite being an NPT member, why did China help Pakistan procure nuclear weapons?
What were the benefits Pakistan lost by quitting the SAARC group in the GSAT launch?
Why does the United States form alliances everywhere? Does the US know the risk?
"UN has no role in combatting terrorism except for passing​ resolution​s." Then what do the UN Peacekeeping​ and Peacebuilding forces work on?
What do you see as the greatest threat to the environment today? Why?
What were the most powerful countries throughout history?
Do Afghanistani people (from Afghanistan) love Pakistan or support it anyway?
How can we create a harmonious world without any conflicts?
Do you see America and Russia working closer in all fields of science as I hope they do?
Is there a possibility that China may look to conquer the state of Bengal in order to capture the entire North-East India?
Is Pakistan making a huge mistake by linking relations with India with Kashmir dispute?
What does Russia gain from flying military aircraft into the Air Defense Identification Zone?
Is China using Pakistan as a 'toy'?
Will Russia and China defend North Korea if war breaks out between them and the USA?
How badly is Syria destroyed by the war, and when the war ends, who will pay for rebuilding it?
Why is India keen to have a relationship with Saudi Arabia when Saudi Arabia directly supports Pakistan against India?
Are New Zealand and Republic of Vanuatu related?
Why are America and North Korea fighting?
What good things has North Korea donated to the world?
How do other countries see the Treaty of Trianon?
Why is Vietnam an important member of the ASEAN?
Are there any other countries, like the U.K., where there are very distinct and world-recognized 'home nations', i.e. England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales?
Is China using North Korea as a proxy against the USA, and Pakistan against India, to spread terrorism?
What does Israel think about India?
Should the population of Darwin, Australia be concerned about North Korea's ballistic capabilities?
What is the significance of international law in international relations?
Why are there enemies and allies between nations? And why are there conflicts between politicians about an idea or opinion?
Why does the USA want to be the only superpower?
Who ultimately decides what and when military actions against N. K. will happen?
When was East Pakistan separated and how?
If the U.S. has attacked North Korea, would the would be over?
Why is the US only in conflict with North Korea?
What would world governments do if I had superpowers?
Can America satisfy the needs of Israel?
How strong is the special relationship between UK and US?
Why does China back North Korea?
Was Ireland a fully sovereign country from 1931 to 1937?
Why has the United Nations failed to resolve the issue of Kashmir?
In the era of globalisation, should Northeast India do business with the world's second largest economy neighbour China?
Why don't China and India attack Myanmar together to save innocents there?
If North Korea, the USA, Russia, China, and Syria were all involved in World War 3, how would it impact life for British citizens?
Do Americans realize the magnitude of the damage they have done to the world by electing Donald Trump?
Is NATO’s membership good for India?
What are China's attempts to increase its discourse power? How important is the soft power and foreign propaganda in this process?
UN SC permanent members are those who won in the WW2 & they don’t want anyone else in it. Do we need to wait for another world war for it to change?
How can Iranian Azerbaijan gain independence from Iran, and join the Azerbaijan Republic?
What would people of Pakistan & India like to say if I choose to say "Pakistan is a misguided child of India”?
Why are Muslim countries like Iran, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia friends with India, as they know how India is treating the Muslims in Kashmir?
What are some ways to promote mutual understanding between Vietnam and China?
Why are there no sanctions on Pakistan from the West for sharing nuclear technology with North Korea?
How does India stop a China-Pakistan economic coordination project, and which type of options does India have?
Why is the USA so adamant about lifting sanctions from Sudan?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
If Turkey and the US went to war, what would NATO do?
What is oxidaton state?
Is it true that the B-1B bomber is not currently nuclear capable? Why? Is it due to some arm-reduction treaty?
Do you think that North Korea would have at least been half as developed as South Korea had the economic sanctions not been imposed on them?
Which is more powerful: China or the USA?
If there is a peace treaty between Russia and Ukraine, then what would be its effects on Syrian warfare or directly on the pipeline conflict?
Why is it that India has so many allies but China seems to have none?
Is Trump's decision to send top MidEast diplomats to the Astana peace talks in Syria a sign of political progress between the US and Russia?
Does Israel want Assad to be removed or to stay on?
Can one country conduct a military exercise in international waters?
Modi once said that the UN is unable to define terrorism. If we are unable to define it, how can we find a solution to it?
Why does the West support Turkey? Everyone knows by now that Turkey is a terrorist state and supports ISIS.
How could present day Russia take control of a majority of European nations?
Why is there no reporting on attacks on minorities in Pakistan and Bangladesh?
Why do most Indians think of Sri Lanka as a tiny country when it is an average sized country?
Is it true that Venezuela is receiving military support from Cuba and North Korea?
How does Russia control such a widely distributed country?
What was Russia's role in the 1971 war?
What would happen if the largest seat of power in a country/superpower were to be eliminated?
Does the United Nations need a standing army?
What would be the chance, in the event of military action against Russia, that the US and China become allies?
Should Iran have deeper relations with the EU?
Is NATO's membership good for India?
Why isn’t India appealing to the world on human and minority rights violations by Pakistan? On the other hand, why doesn’t Pakistan do the same for India?
Why would China ever attack the U.S. when the 2 countries have such an economically symbiotic relationship?
Is getting close to the US going to be costly for India, as India is slowly losing Russia to Pakistan?
Why does Iraq not support the veto power? What are the veto's demerits?
Is Qatar a bigger state sponsor of terrorism than Iran is?
Can Pakistan, Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Tibet, Myanmar and Sri Lanka join India to become one country? Would it be profitable?
Will China go to war with India?
Do Bangladesh and Pakistan hold trade deals with each other? Are they allies?
How much land does Russia want?
Is Iraq against UNSC’s veto power. If yes, why? And what are the demerits of veto power?
Why don't countries that win a war against another country annex the losing country's territory? For example, in WWII, UK could’ve annexed Germany completely.
Why do some state leaders shake hands with great force? What are the mysteries of shaking hands among state leaders?
Is it possible for Russia to beat China without nuclear weapons?
How did external factors shaped the foreign policy of Nigeria before independent?
How would the USA react to all the atrocities, if USA was the neighbor of Pakistan instead of India?
Has anyone tried to conquer the world?
How does North Korea relate to the Indentity Perspective?
Will China dominate the world?
What is it that you look for in an extramarital relation?
What are the restrictions faced by countries who are not members of missile trade control regime & benefits gain by countries through its membership?
Which nation underwent significant turmoil in 1968?
Why is Donald Trump preferring North Korea over South Korea?
What can we conclude from the Sunni and Shiite conflict in the Middle East?
What if the United States became so technologically advanced ahead of the rest of the world?
How can you deter a superpower from messing with your internal affairs?
Is the United States the most miserable country in the world?
Are Americans unaware that the rest of the world exists?
What happens when a high commissioner of another country is summoned by the country he's serving in?
Which is a better ally for India - USA or Russia?
How often are treaties broken?
What would be the new name of the city Pyongyang after the Korean unification?
How would you make your country the most powerful in the world if you had full control, without any war and interfering other countries?
How can I get a job in Middle Eastern countries?
Is North Korea the first country to successfully oppose US foreign policy? If so, why does the US act so dominant and put a lot of lives at stake?
How long do experts think that tensions will remain between India and Pakistan?
Why don't people take into account that USA and allies tried to actively destroy Communism?
Why is India greater than Pakistan?
Will China help us (Northeast India) if we start the fight with India?
Which country did North Korea support during the 1971 war?
Can China use all of its military power against India on behalf of Pakistan in an Indo-Pakistani war?
What are the disadvantages of China Pakistan economic corridor?
If North Korea launched a nuke at the U.S, would we be able to detect and intetcept it in route?
Do you think the USA is behind the attempts to dissolve the EU?
Is Iran America's enemy?
Why has North Korea threatened China, its best friend?
What is the water sharing agreement between India and Pakistan?
What is the relationship between domestic politics and international politics?
How much is the contribution of nuclear assets of America to declare that am the super power?
Does America play a dual role between India and China strategies? If yes, than what about Russia?
Should India attack Pakistan after watching the recent act of Pakistan?
Is it possible for an Indian to be a diplomat in the country of his choice?
How much will a country suffer if the USA suddenly stops sharing GPS signals with it?
Why does India always allow the UN to intervene in its affairs?
Why can't each and every country in the world sign “no first use of nukes” policies? It would basically eliminate any chance of a nuclear war.
Will Iran still let India use Chabahar, after they've publicly threatened to support terrorism in Baluchistan?
Is Russia powerful enough to make other countries pass homophobic laws?
Why can no country contain Pakistan?
Could the current US conflict with North Korea just be a big front?
What would the ideal decision be for the US to make about Korea?
What would happen to North Korea without China?
Can a country have more than one embassy in another country?
Which country may be most affected by a war between the USA and North Korea?
Why does China support Pakistan and North Korea?
With India unwilling to lose Kashmir, and Pakistan unwilling to withdraw its claim on Kashmir, what is expected to happen in the bilateral talks?
Why does China want foreigners?
Why does Vietnam want to use the US to counter China in disputes, despite knowing that the last time we got involved with Vietnam it was awful?
What needs to be done to stop the war in Yemen?
Why has the USA become the most economically powerful country in the world when the UK has ruled so many countries in the world,?
What are your thoughts on preemptive strikes on North Korea to take out their nuclear system?
Should India interfere in Nepal's Madheshi issue?
Can India declare war against Pakistan?
What percentage of the Nepali population is Madhesi, and what is their percentage of representation in the Nepali Parliament?
Why did China ask their people in North Korea to leave?
Why doesn't India's DGMO Mayer talk with Pakistan on WhatsApp or the phone to improve friendship between the two countries?
Assuming nothing significant will be done against global warming, where are the safest places on Earth to watch it unfold?
Can NATO as an organization be undermined due to a change in the US leadership?
Can Russia attack the USA?
Why should there be a war between India and Pakistan? Why can’t we make our borders much stronger than Israel?
What is the greatest shock given by Pakistan to India?
Is Washington undermining its alliance with Ankara? And how can the two NATO allies resolve the situation?
What would be a good strategy for India to deal with the inhuman acts done by Pakistan?
What should I study at Warsaw University - international relations or finance?
How can common men solve/diminish the problems between two countries like India and Pakistan?
Why is Turkey not accepted in the European Union even though it is a stronger country than most European countries?
What is the level of analysis and problems in international relations?
Is China's involvement in Africa influencing the current conflict in South Sudan or Nigeria?
Are USA, Israel and India the cause of many things wrong with the world?
Why hasn’t India declared war on Pakistan?
Why are Indian soldiers beheaded and killed on the Indo-Pak border?
If North Korea tested another nuke, would the USA respond with military action? What would happen if China, and Russia decided to defend North Korea?
Should Pakistan attack China?
When was the last time the citizens of 2 or more countries went to war against each other?
What two countries have the most powerful armies? What would happen if those two countries went to war?
In the Iran-Iraq War, Israel supplied weapons to Iran. Could Iran have won without Israeli help? Today, why doesn't Iran feel gratitude for Israel's help?
What would happen if North Korea shoots a nuclear missile into South Korea? What are possible responses from the U.S.?
Is there any chance of World War III between America and North Korea?
What do you think about a united army of EU? Will it be effective? Will they need NATO in that case?
Why and how did Pakistan antagonize the U.S. after five decades of staunch alliance?
Where can I find information on Indonesia's foreign policy under Trump?
What is the friendship status between India and Canada?
Did any European country try to take over Liberia?
Who is the true ally of India, Russia or the US?
What step did the UN take against cybercrime?
When will brutality against the Indian soldiers stop at the Indo-Pak border?
Do the Ukrainian organizations Svoboda and Right Sector support Ukraine’s membership in the EU?
Out of the 14 countries that border China, which one is the easiest to invade by the PLA?
Do you believe that there’s a country that looks weak but actually can take down another country within months?
What backlash would India's repute (developing country and bid to get into NSG, UNSC) would get if it indulges in a war with Pakistan?
What would happen if North Korea nuked Area 51 in the USA?
Does Russia support India or China, in case of war between India and China?
Is North Korea a Diversion for a US-Jordan Invasion of Syria?
Why shouldn’t we compare the Kashmir conflict with the Israel-Palestine conflict?
Why does Pakistan spend more on its army than on its own development?
Having never been colonized, were Iran and Afghanistan able to remain independent due to a lack of resources and undesirable landscapes or due to an adequate modernized military and respect from the great powers? Was it for both reasons, neither, or for another reason?
What could Pakistan export to the world via CPEC?
Does China like having communist neighbors around like Vietnam, Laos, and North Korea?
When is the USA going to invade North Korea?
Should Pakistan convert China into an Islamic country?
Why did Pakistan violate the treaty with the Baluchistan king and forcefully occupy it?
Should I study international relations or finance?
Why do we read about children starving in South Sudan & Yemen over weeks and nothing is done by the UNO or other aid organisations?
Is there a reason why Iceland has no army, but is in NATO/EU?
What will happen if Russia & China invade Mongolia for more land?
Will there be a new Intifada (rebellion) in the occupied territories of Palestine/Israel after the death of Mahmood Abbas?
What makes UN Security Council so important?
Why isn’t India taking hard measures against Pakistan by cancelling the MFN of business standards and ending diplomatic relations?
Can Russia do a surprise attack on the USA?
Trump says the country would benefit from a "shutdown". What would a shutdown do and how would it benefit the citizens and the country?
If war did break out with North Korea and was won by US Forces, how long should one wait before releasing a game based off of it?
What are exactly the codes that Iran accused Russia of giving to Israel?
Does Pakistan really believe that they can defeat India?
Will Iraq and Afghanistan ever become stable countries?
Is diplomacy always better than warfare? Can warfare always be solved/ended by diplomacy?
What if Taiwan becomes a nuclear state?
Why doesn't the US hire North Korea to seek out and destroy ISIS?
What effect could a hypothetical Chinese supercarrier if operational in near future?
Could the US, China and Russia conquer the world?
What are some advantages China has today that the USSR didn't during the Cold War?
India is getting far away in terms of relations with Russia. Is Pakistan now developing a warm relationship with Russia?
Which books should I prefer for political science and international relations for the UPSC Mains?
Will English be made an official language in Germany?
Can a person from Arunachal Pradesh travel to China without a passport? As China claims most part of Arunachal Pradesh belongs to China?
If Iran moved against Saudi Arabia, would the US go to war against Iran?
How many troops did the United States send to help the whites defeat the Reds in Russia?
Does Nepal’s politics function on the basis of the international and regional relations of larger countries?
Why are the Old Skool Vans and Chuck Taylor Converse evergreen when compared to Nike and other brands?
What would happen if all of the Western countries formed a united front and stopped trading with China?
How does sovereignty affect the way other states approach ISIS?
How has the relationship between Putin and Kissinger evolved?
What was the inspiration for the movie, South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut? Was there really some conflict between the USA and Canada back then?
Is the USA becoming the most powerful nation under Trump’s administration?
What does Syria think about North Korean human rights?
Why wouldn’t globalists want Trump and Putin to get along?
If our most friendly country (Russia) openly takes the side of the Taliban, what will India's stance be?
Can a stronger ASEAN contain China?
Which is the better and more advanced country to live in, the PRC or Russia?
Is Pakistan becoming like China's Bhutan?
Why is the USA funding and training IS in Syria?
What would the USA do if North Korea killed the US citizens it is holding?
Are the investments by China in Africa beneficial to the African populace (or not)?
What would happen if North Korea would test a nuke in open waters like the Japanese sea?
Is there a country like China that has a quasi-FBI organization like the State Ethnic Affairs Commission?
Is China betraying North Korea?
If Israel did not exist, would Iran still be hostile towards the US?
What are some important topics for JNU International relation entrance?
Is an international relations degree useful?
What would happen if a third country were involved in the peace talks between India and Pakistan?
How is the relationship between the USA and Colombia?
If China learnt that North Korea was about to fire a nuclear weapon at a perceived enemy, would they intervene by invading the country or removing its leader/s?
Why does Israel have a negative image across the Middle East?
What has stopped the UK from becoming a world superpower like the USA?
How long is it before India goes bankrupt and merges with Pakistan?
What would happen if North Korea declared war on the US? What would happen in the first 24 hours? Who would win?
