She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
How many times have you lied today?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
How does one face awkward situations?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How have your friends changed you?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
How come he never texts first?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
What makes someone a real friend?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Demoiseka Beckman how can I communicate with you?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
How do I make new friends?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
What can be the best way to say no?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
How do I know that girls like me?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
Have you ever met a fan?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
How do I stop insults?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How do you become a creep?
What do you define as a creep?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Why are people so easily misled?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
How do your friends react to your life story?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
How do I recover an old friend?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
When did you realise that your surrounding is trying to shape you into someone else?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I become social in a new school?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
How important is trust in life?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
Why don't Ukrainian women like to chit chat with strangers?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
Do you hug people?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
How can I make my friends care about me?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How should I react to racist comments?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How do I make new close friends?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How can I trust my partner?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
How can I understand people's feelings?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Why do people always use clichés?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
How do you give someone your number?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
How do I make new friends?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
Why do people not like me around here?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
Why do guys call girls babe?
How can humans get along with the environment?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How should a good friend be?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why do people act mean?
How do I make new close friends?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
Why do we say hi and good morning?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Why does everyone hate me?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
How do manipulators end up in life?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
How can I approach a girl I liked?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
How do you get what you want out of people?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it okay to compare people?
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do some people trust everyone?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
Can I ask something about SAT?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How can I impress other people?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
What kind of people are at your school?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
What are good dares to ask over text?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
Why do people cheat?
How effective is face to face communication?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
Why do some people trust everyone?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
Are people more independent than ever?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
How many times have you lied today?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
How can I understand people's feelings?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How does one face awkward situations?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
How can I tell my mother she worries way too much without hurting her?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Why do guys call girls babe?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
Why do you like your friends?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How have your friends changed you?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
How come he never texts first?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
What makes someone a real friend?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
When should you take things personally?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
Who is my strength?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Why do people not like me around here?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
What can be the best way to say no?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
How do I know that girls like me?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
How can I impress other people?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
How do I stop insults?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
Why do we say hi and good morning?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
How can I approach a girl I liked?
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How do you become a creep?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
What are good dares to ask over text?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
What do you define as a creep?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Why are people so easily misled?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
Why can't I keep friends?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
How do I recover an old friend?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
When did you realise that your surrounding is trying to shape you into someone else?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I become social in a new school?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Why do people act mean?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
What's something you've never told anyone?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Why do some people trust everyone?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
Why don't Ukrainian women like to chit chat with strangers?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
How can I make my friends care about me?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
How do you give someone your number?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
How do I learn to talk to males?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How should I react to racist comments?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How do I make new close friends?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
Who is the newest author you "can't put down"?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
How do I deal with a unique family?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What do you do when you are trying to log in and Instagram says “sorry, there was a problem with your request”?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
How can I trust my partner?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
How effective is face to face communication?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
Why is it that looks are so important that even if you're a great person you get no attention just because there's someone better looking with you?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
How many times have you lied today?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How can I understand people's feelings?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Why is it that when I look in a mirror closely I can see things close to me clearly but things are far distance behind me I can't see clearly?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
What is the sweetest thing you've seen a child do?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
What do people mean when they say they 'hear' voices?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How does one face awkward situations?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
If people hate the truth, should I lie to them?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
How can I tell my mother she worries way too much without hurting her?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
How can I track an order placed by someone else on behalf of me?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
How do I make my niece adjust to her step-mother without any force?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
Why do guys call girls babe?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
Did Stalin have trust issues?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
Why do you like your friends?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
On YouTube, if there are a bunch of replies just for what a person wrote, if I click on a reply behind the username, will that person know?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
Have you ever unexpectedly come across a picture of someone you know while doing an unrelated internet search?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
How do I win over anxiety forever, when it's doing everything to trick me? It seems like if I win over it, it finds a new way to try to trick me.
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
How have your friends changed you?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
Who is the most famous person you have met? How was the experience?
Where can I find a Bible?
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
How do I let my stalker know that I have a concealed carry permit so that he will leave me alone? I just want to scare him off; I would never hurt him.
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
Is it wrong for me to want to metaphorically slap the spunk out of some know-it-alls on Quora?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
What is the best app to find new friends?
When I told my mom I thought I had ADHD and told her some of the symptoms, she said I was just making excuses to be lazy. What should I do?
How come he never texts first?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
How can I overcome the toxic relationship that I had with my father?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
What makes someone a real friend?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
What should I do to become the actor of my life?
How does it feel to be a kept woman? Do people respect you?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
When should you take things personally?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Who is my strength?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
You know when you are in a room full of people and you start shaking your leg and others unconsciously start doing it. Can somebody explain this?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
By what parameters would people say that a person is good?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
Do people hate homosexuals because they talk about it too much?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
How do I get friendly with girls?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What do I do when my teammates don't like me?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Why do people not like me around here?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
What can be the best way to say no?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
This girl in my class is being rude to me for no reason but I noticed she is trying to be like me over the years, both physically and mentally. Why?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
What do people underestimate often?
How do I know that girls like me?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
How can I impress other people?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
Why is it that we always tend to run after those things that do not and never will belong to us?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
Why do people use "how come"?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
I have never exerted any effort to get to know anyone, and this doesn't feel healthy to me. I want to make good connections. How do I approach people?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
How can I earn people's respect?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
What does it mean when a Dutch gal says, "At least kiss me on the cheek", while saying goodbye?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
How do I stop insults?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
If someone talks to a cop in the United States, are they contracting with him/her?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
What would you do if I ask you out?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
Why do we say hi and good morning?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What made you stop idolizing someone?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
My mom is forcing me to join om shanti (bhram kumaris).I don't criticise them but also dont believe in them.How can I avoid it?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
How can I approach a girl I liked?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How do you become a creep?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
I'm about to get a handjob and I'm nervous what should I do?
What are good dares to ask over text?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
What should I respond if one says Quora is not authentic?
What do you define as a creep?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
How do I handle people who always think they are right and try to thrust their decisions on others?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What projects do you think of when you hear "somebody has to and no one else will"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Have you ever been gripped with passion/lust for someone you barely know?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Why are people so easily misled?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
Why can't I keep friends?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
What's the nicest thing a patient has ever said to you?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
What does acceptance of another person mean to you?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
Why do people say that I'm smart but act like I'm not? What do I do to deal with it?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
What do you think about trust and trusting people? (This is a very broad question so answer as openly as you want)
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
How can I handle irritating people in exams?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
Is it possible to define a person in the first meeting?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
How do I recover an old friend?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
When did you realise that your surrounding is trying to shape you into someone else?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I become social in a new school?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How can I improve in life when I'm constantly surrounded by 'lethargic' people?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
What does it mean if my boyfriend suddenly cares about his appearance? He didn't really care about how he looked before.
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Have you ever absentmindedly hurt yourself?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
Why do people say, "don't forget about me when you're famous?"
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Why do people act mean?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do you crowdfund and stay stealth? Wouldn't it be nice if you could see who's actually looking at your campaign? Sounds like a very nice platform!
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
Why is my mother being so mean to me?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Why is that some people do not rely on probability and think its nonsense?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
Why am I not supposed to be grossed out at the sight of fat people?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
Why should I respect other people's opinions if they're just wrong?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
If you never see, hear, or know about someone or something, is it real?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Why do some people trust everyone?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
What is an interesting question to ask to an old person?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
Why don't Ukrainian women like to chit chat with strangers?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
Why am I always pushed around?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
How do you give someone your number?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
How do you remove all the messages and replies immediately?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
How can we know evolution is happening? I know it is and can cite many examples, I'm just curious how others can tell.
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
How do I learn to talk to males?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
What are the main ways of avoiding coming across as rude to other people?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
How should I react to racist comments?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
Why are people so flustered of nice people?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I have a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and sometimes get the sense that people don't understand what I am saying. Is this normal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
Why is it important to work hard in school? All people say to me about this is that it gets you a diploma and sometimes a career, but that is overused.
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
How do I make new close friends?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
How should I ask my boss if I can skip work the next day?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
How should a girl be treated?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How do women politely decline repeated and relentless strong come-on from a man?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
Who is the newest author you "can't put down"?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
How do I deal with a unique family?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What do you do when you are trying to log in and Instagram says “sorry, there was a problem with your request”?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
What are some memorable or funny conversations you have had with, or overheard from, a synesthete?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Do I actually attract people if I think negatively about them? Why?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
How can I trust my partner?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
How effective is face to face communication?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
What if me and my spouse are both active duty and I would like to take advantage of MyCAA scholarship. Would I qualify?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
How do you change friend groups?
My mom is the nicest person I know, but she always manages to make me infuriatingly mad. I feel guilty and ugly for hurting her. What should I do?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
Do you ever feel like you always choose the easiest way out even if you could do much more than that?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What do people mean when they say they 'hear' voices?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
How can I tell my mother she worries way too much without hurting her?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
How can I be successful at my field and get clear of the problems around me?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
Did Stalin have trust issues?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
On YouTube, if there are a bunch of replies just for what a person wrote, if I click on a reply behind the username, will that person know?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Have you ever unexpectedly come across a picture of someone you know while doing an unrelated internet search?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
Who are arguably the most welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
Who is the most famous person you have met? How was the experience?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Is it wrong for me to want to metaphorically slap the spunk out of some know-it-alls on Quora?
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
Why did I feel weird when someone smiled at me?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How can I overcome the toxic relationship that I had with my father?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How do I manage with a brother in law having extreme rude behavior?
What is the best comeback about someone's sex life you have ever made?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
Who are the least welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
Do people hate homosexuals because they talk about it too much?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How do I know that girls like me?
Why do parents think it is okay to talk about boys?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
Why do people use "how come"?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I earn people's respect?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
What does it mean when a Dutch gal says, "At least kiss me on the cheek", while saying goodbye?
How do you feel being a studious person?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What's a good response to minors asking you for cigarettes?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
Is there anyone like me, who just want to die, even they are only 26? It feels like there is nothing left to move on.
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What should you do when someone tries to intimidate you on the road?
Do people change with time or does it become more obvious who they really are?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
What should I respond if one says Quora is not authentic?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do I handle people who always think they are right and try to thrust their decisions on others?
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
How do I say sorry?
Should I be involved with married women?
How can I impress my sister in law who hates me?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
Have you ever had a bad feeling about someone or something, but in the end it turned out to be wrong?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How do I know if someone is active on WhatsApp?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
What does acceptance of another person mean to you?
Why do people say that I'm smart but act like I'm not? What do I do to deal with it?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Why do I have a hard time getting along with guys?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How do I survive being judged by others?
How do I recover an old friend?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I improve in life when I'm constantly surrounded by 'lethargic' people?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
Have you ever absentmindedly hurt yourself?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do you crowdfund and stay stealth? Wouldn't it be nice if you could see who's actually looking at your campaign? Sounds like a very nice platform!
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Why is my mother being so mean to me?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
If you never see, hear, or know about someone or something, is it real?
How do I survive working with mean colleagues at a multinational company that is meant to be a great opportunity for me?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
How do you remove all the messages and replies immediately?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Is it possible to judge other people's personality without meeting them or talking with them? (by looking at their faces or how they dressed)
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I deal with a narcissistic mother who is manipulative, verbally toxic, arrogant, self-absorbed and who gaslights others?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
Why do some people look at me like I'm crazy for preferring canine company over that of humans, as dogs act more caring than a lot of people?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
What are some memorable or funny conversations you have had with, or overheard from, a synesthete?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
People say that there is some problem with my gait. How can I improve it?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Why is it that looks are so important that even if you're a great person you get no attention just because there's someone better looking with you?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How does one face awkward situations?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
How can I track an order placed by someone else on behalf of me?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
What's it called when you care about someone to the extent that their well-being affects that of someone you care about directly?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
In Spanish language, how would you say "People say that it isn't as good as it used to be, but it still makes me laugh?"
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
How do I let my stalker know that I have a concealed carry permit so that he will leave me alone? I just want to scare him off; I would never hurt him.
When I told my mom I thought I had ADHD and told her some of the symptoms, she said I was just making excuses to be lazy. What should I do?
How come he never texts first?
How does it feel when someone close to you kills themselves?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
How do I deal with people taking the credit for others’ work or copying mails and pretending they did it?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What are the essentials of the perfect apology?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
Why do people frequently ask me, "When did you first realize you were gay?" I am not sure how to answer, and why would they want to know that?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
What's wrong with being a loner and not meeting people for a long time? Is that so bad? What is wrong? What could I do?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
I feel like I'm too extroverted. How do I talk less?
Why is it that we always tend to run after those things that do not and never will belong to us?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
I have never exerted any effort to get to know anyone, and this doesn't feel healthy to me. I want to make good connections. How do I approach people?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Why do we say hi and good morning?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What made you stop idolizing someone?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
If I ask you "how do you like them apples", do you suppose I'm referring to my testicles?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
How does a girl flirt over text?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
How did you act when you developed a crush?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do you feel bad about the way you look?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
Can you define a person's personality by the way he/she wears a watch?
Why are people so easily misled?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Why can't I keep friends?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
What do you think about trust and trusting people? (This is a very broad question so answer as openly as you want)
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
How can I handle irritating people in exams?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is depending on other people harmful?
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
Why do people act mean?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
Have you ever been gripped with passion/lust for someone you barely know?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Why is that some people do not rely on probability and think its nonsense?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
Why do some people trust everyone?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How should I react to racist comments?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How do I convince someone that the greatest issue facing the world is indifference?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Why is it important to work hard in school? All people say to me about this is that it gets you a diploma and sometimes a career, but that is overused.
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
How do I make new close friends?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why is it not good to beat others by slapping them on the face?
How should a girl be treated?
How do I deal with my triggers if they are my parents, my sister and my eldest daughter? (I ask anonymously because I don't want it to get back to them.)
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
How do I deal with a unique family?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
My gut feeling says that someone is planning to physically assault me. How do I manage this situation?
Do sociopaths try to avoid eye contact?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
How can I trust my partner?
How effective is face to face communication?
What if me and my spouse are both active duty and I would like to take advantage of MyCAA scholarship. Would I qualify?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
What do introvert smart girls like in Indian men?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
How many times have you lied today?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Why is it that when I look in a mirror closely I can see things close to me clearly but things are far distance behind me I can't see clearly?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
Of course people should not hit people, but what is the man's feminist-sanctioned response when being hit by a woman?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
What is the sweetest thing you've seen a child do?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
If people hate the truth, should I lie to them?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
Why do guys call girls babe?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
How have your friends changed you?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How does it feel to be a kept woman? Do people respect you?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Who is my strength?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
What should you do when a woman wants all of your time, but doesn’t want to be intimate?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
You know when you are in a room full of people and you start shaking your leg and others unconsciously start doing it. Can somebody explain this?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
How do I get friendly with girls?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
What can be the best way to say no?
This girl in my class is being rude to me for no reason but I noticed she is trying to be like me over the years, both physically and mentally. Why?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
What do people underestimate often?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How can I impress other people?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
If someone talks to a cop in the United States, are they contracting with him/her?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
How can I approach a girl I liked?
How do you become a creep?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
What projects do you think of when you hear "somebody has to and no one else will"?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
What is the most uplifting thing a stranger has ever said to you?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What do I do if I realize that I'm actually a manipulative jerk without intending to be?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How can you know what friends are following you?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How can I upgrade my communication skills as well as my general knowledge to face any GD?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
Why am I always pushed around?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
How do you give someone your number?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How can we know evolution is happening? I know it is and can cite many examples, I'm just curious how others can tell.
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
What are the main ways of avoiding coming across as rude to other people?
Why do people in the Metropolitan cities rarely make small talks or eye contact but put on their unhappy serious faces?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
Why are people so flustered of nice people?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I have a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and sometimes get the sense that people don't understand what I am saying. Is this normal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
How should I ask my boss if I can skip work the next day?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Have you ever met anyone with the weirdest name(s)?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
How can I decode the things/signals my crush is giving me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
How do you change friend groups?
My mom is the nicest person I know, but she always manages to make me infuriatingly mad. I feel guilty and ugly for hurting her. What should I do?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
What are some of the worst aunty and uncle conversations Indians have had?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
How can I understand people's feelings?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
How do I make my niece adjust to her step-mother without any force?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why do you like your friends?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
How do I win over anxiety forever, when it's doing everything to trick me? It seems like if I win over it, it finds a new way to try to trick me.
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
What makes someone a real friend?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What should I do to become the actor of my life?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
When should you take things personally?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
By what parameters would people say that a person is good?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How can I seem friendly?
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
What do I do when my teammates don't like me?
Why do people not like me around here?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
Why can’t some people talk properly? How do I win their hearts?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Who want to text me?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How do I stop insults?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Is it correct to say "call me urgently"?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
What would you do if I ask you out?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
Why is it that, when you’re going through some tough stuff, you can't seem to think clearly, talk, and you sometimes look like a freak?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
I'm about to get a handjob and I'm nervous what should I do?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What do you define as a creep?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What would happen if nobody thought about himself but only others?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What's the nicest thing a patient has ever said to you?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
Is it possible to define a person in the first meeting?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How can I become social in a new school?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
What does it mean if my boyfriend suddenly cares about his appearance? He didn't really care about how he looked before.
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
Why do people say, "don't forget about me when you're famous?"
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
What are the signs that someone is physically comparing themselves to you?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
Why am I not supposed to be grossed out at the sight of fat people?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What does "poor eye contact" indicate or imply when noted in a psychological assessment?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
Why should I respect other people's opinions if they're just wrong?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
What is an interesting question to ask to an old person?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
What are some ideas for improving strength at work/college?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
How do women politely decline repeated and relentless strong come-on from a man?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Have you ever liked someone who had a boyfriend? How'd it turn out?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
How do I get people to do what I want?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Do I actually attract people if I think negatively about them? Why?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
Why does someone else’s judgement matter so much to me?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
If someone is obviously abusing an animal without knowing it, what can someone do?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
Do you ever feel like you always choose the easiest way out even if you could do much more than that?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What do people mean when they say they 'hear' voices?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do I do if I'm too insecure to let someone who's interested in me get to know me?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
What would you do if a supervisor assaulted you verbally, threatened you and threw something at you? No witnesses.
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
How can I tell my mother she worries way too much without hurting her?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
How can I be successful at my field and get clear of the problems around me?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
Did Stalin have trust issues?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
So there's this girl that I follow on Instagram and she's really pretty. I want to get to know her, should I text her?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
On YouTube, if there are a bunch of replies just for what a person wrote, if I click on a reply behind the username, will that person know?
Have you ever asked somebody to teach you something in their language only to find they tricked you and taught you something bad instead?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me like I'm a child. I am 36?
Have you ever unexpectedly come across a picture of someone you know while doing an unrelated internet search?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
Who are arguably the most welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
Who is the most famous person you have met? How was the experience?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Is it wrong for me to want to metaphorically slap the spunk out of some know-it-alls on Quora?
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why did I feel weird when someone smiled at me?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How can I overcome the toxic relationship that I had with my father?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How do I manage with a brother in law having extreme rude behavior?
What is the best comeback about someone's sex life you have ever made?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
Who are the least welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
Do people hate homosexuals because they talk about it too much?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How do I know that girls like me?
Why do parents think it is okay to talk about boys?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
Why do people use "how come"?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I earn people's respect?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
What does it mean when a Dutch gal says, "At least kiss me on the cheek", while saying goodbye?
How do you feel being a studious person?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What's a good response to minors asking you for cigarettes?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
Is there anyone like me, who just want to die, even they are only 26? It feels like there is nothing left to move on.
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What should you do when someone tries to intimidate you on the road?
Do people change with time or does it become more obvious who they really are?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
What should I respond if one says Quora is not authentic?
Why do we ignore someone?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
How do I handle people who always think they are right and try to thrust their decisions on others?
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
How do I say sorry?
Should I be involved with married women?
How can I impress my sister in law who hates me?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
Have you ever had a bad feeling about someone or something, but in the end it turned out to be wrong?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How do I know if someone is active on WhatsApp?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
What does acceptance of another person mean to you?
What if I just stopped being their hero?
Why do people say that I'm smart but act like I'm not? What do I do to deal with it?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Why do I have a hard time getting along with guys?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How do I survive being judged by others?
How do I recover an old friend?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I improve in life when I'm constantly surrounded by 'lethargic' people?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
Have you ever absentmindedly hurt yourself?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do you crowdfund and stay stealth? Wouldn't it be nice if you could see who's actually looking at your campaign? Sounds like a very nice platform!
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Why is my mother being so mean to me?
Who is this "Napster" that Andrew Weill keeps talking about?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
If you never see, hear, or know about someone or something, is it real?
How do I survive working with mean colleagues at a multinational company that is meant to be a great opportunity for me?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
Why do people act differently?
Why do people get louder when talking on the phone?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What are some good comebacks for when a man calls you honey or sweetheart?
What was the last message from your friend?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
How do you remove all the messages and replies immediately?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Is it possible to judge other people's personality without meeting them or talking with them? (by looking at their faces or how they dressed)
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I deal with a narcissistic mother who is manipulative, verbally toxic, arrogant, self-absorbed and who gaslights others?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
My fiancé and I never get along anymore, what should I do?
Why do some people look at me like I'm crazy for preferring canine company over that of humans, as dogs act more caring than a lot of people?
Is there anything you would like to say to someone before dying?
Why does it hurt when someone you care about the most asks you to leave?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
What are some memorable or funny conversations you have had with, or overheard from, a synesthete?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
People say that there is some problem with my gait. How can I improve it?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
How do you call someone that never takes initiatives, but live life as it is?
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Why is it that looks are so important that even if you're a great person you get no attention just because there's someone better looking with you?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How do gay people turn down unwanted attention?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What do guys get by seeing at girls private parts? Why do they do so? Any logical answers?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What should someone do in a pub in order to make you approach, or to at least make you put an eye on them/have your attention?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How does one face awkward situations?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
How can I track an order placed by someone else on behalf of me?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
What's it called when you care about someone to the extent that their well-being affects that of someone you care about directly?
Why does everyone talk about how good LeadGrabber Pro is but never ever mention if any of the harvested emails convert to a sale?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How would you describe what it is like to live in Morro Bay to someone who has never been there?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
In Spanish language, how would you say "People say that it isn't as good as it used to be, but it still makes me laugh?"
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
Why is it that I always attract narcissistic and self absorbed people even though I'm a really sweet and loving person?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
How do I stop being bullied in high school and stop talking to bullies?
How do I let my stalker know that I have a concealed carry permit so that he will leave me alone? I just want to scare him off; I would never hurt him.
When I told my mom I thought I had ADHD and told her some of the symptoms, she said I was just making excuses to be lazy. What should I do?
How come he never texts first?
How does it feel when someone close to you kills themselves?
What if my relatives come to my abode and they are really irritating? What can I do to make them behave less abhorrently?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
How do I deal with people taking the credit for others’ work or copying mails and pretending they did it?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What are the essentials of the perfect apology?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
Why do people frequently ask me, "When did you first realize you were gay?" I am not sure how to answer, and why would they want to know that?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
What's wrong with being a loner and not meeting people for a long time? Is that so bad? What is wrong? What could I do?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
I feel like I'm too extroverted. How do I talk less?
Why is it that we always tend to run after those things that do not and never will belong to us?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
I have never exerted any effort to get to know anyone, and this doesn't feel healthy to me. I want to make good connections. How do I approach people?
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
What does this mean (from the book how to talk to anyone)?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Why do we say hi and good morning?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What made you stop idolizing someone?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
Am I the only person who likes Autotune?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
If I ask you "how do you like them apples", do you suppose I'm referring to my testicles?
When was the last time you thanked your parents?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
How does a girl flirt over text?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Is Roger Federer such a nice guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
How did you act when you developed a crush?
How do you maintain a natural eye contact? Sometimes I look away on purpose just to break off the tense feeling from it.
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do you feel bad about the way you look?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
I’m emotionally detached from my parents because of times when they berated whenever I make mistakes and they always assume the worst of me. Am I overreacting?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
Can you define a person's personality by the way he/she wears a watch?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
Why are people so easily misled?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Why can't I keep friends?
Why was a man asking me for a straw?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
What do you think about trust and trusting people? (This is a very broad question so answer as openly as you want)
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Why do we worship Shiva when we haven't met or experienced him?
How can I handle irritating people in exams?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is depending on other people harmful?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
Why do people act mean?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
Have you ever been gripped with passion/lust for someone you barely know?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
How would you react if a man grabbed your butt?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Why is that some people do not rely on probability and think its nonsense?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
Why do some people trust everyone?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
What should you never say to a programmer?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
How do I verbally emasculate a man who always degrades me?
How do you deal with someone (female) who thinks they understand the male psyche and can control it from past experience?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
Is walking away from a potential fight or argument considered immature?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
How did you react when your child or someone else told you they were LGBT?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
How many people does the average person meet in their life?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I've always been terrible at standing up for myself when people argue with me. How do I better stand up for myself and my self-esteem?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How should I react to racist comments?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How do I convince someone that the greatest issue facing the world is indifference?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Why is it important to work hard in school? All people say to me about this is that it gets you a diploma and sometimes a career, but that is overused.
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
How do I make new close friends?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why is it not good to beat others by slapping them on the face?
How should a girl be treated?
How do I deal with my triggers if they are my parents, my sister and my eldest daughter? (I ask anonymously because I don't want it to get back to them.)
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
This is bad, but I think I seem to have antipathy towards the people I encounter on a routine basis (i.e., coworkers). What can I do to change?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
How do I deal with a unique family?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
My gut feeling says that someone is planning to physically assault me. How do I manage this situation?
Do sociopaths try to avoid eye contact?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
How can I trust my partner?
How effective is face to face communication?
What if me and my spouse are both active duty and I would like to take advantage of MyCAA scholarship. Would I qualify?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
What do introvert smart girls like in Indian men?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
How many times have you lied today?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Why is it that when I look in a mirror closely I can see things close to me clearly but things are far distance behind me I can't see clearly?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself so bad you never want to leave the house again?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
Of course people should not hit people, but what is the man's feminist-sanctioned response when being hit by a woman?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
What is the sweetest thing you've seen a child do?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
If people hate the truth, should I lie to them?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do those who can't talk communicate if sign language was not created?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
Why do guys call girls babe?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
Do only intelligent people manipulate to get what they want?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
How have your friends changed you?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How does it feel to be a kept woman? Do people respect you?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Who is my strength?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
What should you do when a woman wants all of your time, but doesn’t want to be intimate?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
You know when you are in a room full of people and you start shaking your leg and others unconsciously start doing it. Can somebody explain this?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
How do I get friendly with girls?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
What can be the best way to say no?
This girl in my class is being rude to me for no reason but I noticed she is trying to be like me over the years, both physically and mentally. Why?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
What do people underestimate often?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How can I impress other people?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
If someone talks to a cop in the United States, are they contracting with him/her?
What’s the best thing you have ever done for India or for someone else?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
How does a person eat with the back rest inclined towards the person seated behind him?
How can I approach a girl I liked?
How do you become a creep?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
How should I handle a girl cropping me out of a year book pic on purpose? (please read the “more details” area)
What projects do you think of when you hear "somebody has to and no one else will"?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
What is the most uplifting thing a stranger has ever said to you?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In which countries is not holding the door for the next person considered acceptable but not impolite?
Is it bad that I wish I was a girl sometimes?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
If you accidentally meet your favourite porn star, what will be the first thing you say or do?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What do I do if I realize that I'm actually a manipulative jerk without intending to be?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How can you know what friends are following you?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
What should I do when somebody is fake calling me from different numbers and talking dirty and very bad to me?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How can I upgrade my communication skills as well as my general knowledge to face any GD?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What if you can't do an assignment your therapist wants you to do, like write a letter to someone about your true feelings and burn it?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
What do you consider to be creepy?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
Why am I always pushed around?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
How do you give someone your number?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How can we know evolution is happening? I know it is and can cite many examples, I'm just curious how others can tell.
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Is continuous bad fortune in my business the universe’s way of telling me I'm meant to do something else with my life/career?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Are your gender identity and pronouns just something you decide on your own or is it something that needs to result from interaction with others?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
What are the main ways of avoiding coming across as rude to other people?
Why do people in the Metropolitan cities rarely make small talks or eye contact but put on their unhappy serious faces?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
Should I give more importance to a person beside me or a person living at a far long distance from me?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
Why are people so flustered of nice people?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I have a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and sometimes get the sense that people don't understand what I am saying. Is this normal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What should I do if my father was arrested for solicitation (with a minor in the US) and still lives with us?
How do I become asocial?
How should I ask my boss if I can skip work the next day?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
Why do guys judge girls by their age?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
How should I stop being open to a certain person?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What's the rudest thing a customer did at your work?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
When someone is suicidal, why should you stop him/her?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Have you ever met anyone with the weirdest name(s)?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Why we say hello when we pick a call?
How can I decode the things/signals my crush is giving me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
How do you change friend groups?
My mom is the nicest person I know, but she always manages to make me infuriatingly mad. I feel guilty and ugly for hurting her. What should I do?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
What are some of the worst aunty and uncle conversations Indians have had?
I feel like I'm in the wrong time, is this normal? Or a word for it at least?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
A girl I'm living with made up a bunch of lies about me and spread them. I have nowhere else to go, but I can't deal with her lies. What do I do?
How do I accept that some people will not like me?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
How can I understand people's feelings?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
Should I tell this girl I like her for a second time?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
Where can you meet authentically nice people in Miami?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
How do I make my niece adjust to her step-mother without any force?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
Who is someone you will never forget and why?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why do you like your friends?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
Have you ever met a Hollywood celebrity? If yes, how? If no, who would you like to meet?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
How do I win over anxiety forever, when it's doing everything to trick me? It seems like if I win over it, it finds a new way to try to trick me.
Are you supposed to be ok with PDA, just because you are a young person?
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
What are some phrases and expressions people commonly use while texting (eg: I'm in a meeting, sorry cant talk right now etc)?
What makes someone a real friend?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What should I do to become the actor of my life?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
When should you take things personally?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
By what parameters would people say that a person is good?
How do you get a guy to be interested in seeing you again?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How can I seem friendly?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
What do I do when my teammates don't like me?
Why do people not like me around here?
How do I repair the relationship with my sister after I said some very mean and abusive things out of anger?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
Why can’t some people talk properly? How do I win their hearts?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
Why do Asian people like to ask someone's religion?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Why do people give lengthy and boring answers?
Who want to text me?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How do I stop insults?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Is it correct to say "call me urgently"?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
What would you do if I ask you out?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
Why is it that, when you’re going through some tough stuff, you can't seem to think clearly, talk, and you sometimes look like a freak?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
I'm about to get a handjob and I'm nervous what should I do?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What do you define as a creep?
How can I get along with my host family?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What would happen if nobody thought about himself but only others?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What's the nicest thing a patient has ever said to you?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
Is it possible to define a person in the first meeting?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
A guy I used to like passed away by suicide, I think I like a new guy but he painfully looks like the guy that passed away, how do I handle this?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How can I become social in a new school?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
What does it mean if my boyfriend suddenly cares about his appearance? He didn't really care about how he looked before.
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
Why do people say, "don't forget about me when you're famous?"
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
What are the signs that someone is physically comparing themselves to you?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
Why am I not supposed to be grossed out at the sight of fat people?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What does "poor eye contact" indicate or imply when noted in a psychological assessment?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
Why should I respect other people's opinions if they're just wrong?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
What is an interesting question to ask to an old person?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
What are some ideas for improving strength at work/college?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
I currently met this girl we both like each other but she always expects me to communicate with her first, what should I do to draw her attention?
How would you know if you’re chatting/talking to your possible boyfriend?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it rightful to forgive the narcissist from his / her wrongdoings?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
Have you ever known someone who consistently gets away with their bad behavior and is never held accountable? Will they ever be exposed to people?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
Do true friends really exist?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
You can resurrect one philosopher and talk to him or her for a day. Who would you resurrect and what would you ask?
How do women politely decline repeated and relentless strong come-on from a man?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
Have you ever liked someone who had a boyfriend? How'd it turn out?
What does it mean when a guy doesn't change in front of you?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
How do I get people to do what I want?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Why do I like mocking people who mock other people?
Do I actually attract people if I think negatively about them? Why?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
Why does someone else’s judgement matter so much to me?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
How do I tell someone that I have a severe allergy?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
Can you argue self-defense if you attack someone because you're scared of what they're doing to you?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
If someone is obviously abusing an animal without knowing it, what can someone do?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
How can I engage into a long conversation with strangers/friends?
Do you ever feel like you always choose the easiest way out even if you could do much more than that?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
Why do people tend to ignore others?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What do people mean when they say they 'hear' voices?
Is it right time for TCS to do away with "Respect Individuals" value as nobody cares for it?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do I do if I'm too insecure to let someone who's interested in me get to know me?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
What would you do if a supervisor assaulted you verbally, threatened you and threw something at you? No witnesses.
How do you gain someone's trust again after hurting them so badly?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
How can I tell my mother she worries way too much without hurting her?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
How can I be successful at my field and get clear of the problems around me?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
How do you court a girl in the most simplest yet sweet manner?
How do I deal with different types of people?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
Did Stalin have trust issues?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
So there's this girl that I follow on Instagram and she's really pretty. I want to get to know her, should I text her?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
On YouTube, if there are a bunch of replies just for what a person wrote, if I click on a reply behind the username, will that person know?
Have you ever asked somebody to teach you something in their language only to find they tricked you and taught you something bad instead?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
What job do people underestimate the difficulty of?
Is it true that we should not mix business and friendship?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
Is it okay to add facts whenever you are trying to explain something?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me like I'm a child. I am 36?
Have you ever unexpectedly come across a picture of someone you know while doing an unrelated internet search?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
What is the difference between communicate and contact? Can I say that an app is an easy way to communicate with people?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
What do Mormons mean by saying "come to know" or "pray to know"?
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
Who are arguably the most welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
What would you say to a person who has a lot of constraints before him/her to achieve his/her dreams?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
Who is the most famous person you have met? How was the experience?
What is the bravest thing you've ever said to someone?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Is it wrong for me to want to metaphorically slap the spunk out of some know-it-alls on Quora?
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why did I feel weird when someone smiled at me?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
Does he like me even if he ignores me?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How can I overcome the toxic relationship that I had with my father?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
What do I do if a guy keeps saying he loves me?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How do I manage with a brother in law having extreme rude behavior?
What is the best comeback about someone's sex life you have ever made?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
How do you deal with having completely different views to the rest of your family?
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
Who are the least welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What does it mean when a man avoids eye contact when communicating with his date?
Do people hate homosexuals because they talk about it too much?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
How do I know that girls like me?
Why do parents think it is okay to talk about boys?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
Why do people use "how come"?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I earn people's respect?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
What does it mean when a Dutch gal says, "At least kiss me on the cheek", while saying goodbye?
How do you feel being a studious person?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
Do highly academically accomplished people often deliberately make themselves non-open because too much openness would distract them?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What's a good response to minors asking you for cigarettes?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
What are signs that an outgoing guy is actually insecure? My crush acts confident but why won't he talk to me?
What makes someone a narcissist?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
Why is it that when you completely stop interacting with a woman, they somehow can't go a month without saying something to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
Is there anyone like me, who just want to die, even they are only 26? It feels like there is nothing left to move on.
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
How do you avoid geting bored with work, co-workers, and/or a boss?
What would you do when you realise your best friend was just with you for selfish needs?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What should you do when someone tries to intimidate you on the road?
Do people change with time or does it become more obvious who they really are?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What should I respond if one says Quora is not authentic?
Why do we ignore someone?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
How do I handle people who always think they are right and try to thrust their decisions on others?
How do I say sorry?
Should I be involved with married women?
How can I impress my sister in law who hates me?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
How can we ignore people who demotivate us?
How do you tell your child no without saying anything?
What is the easiest way to make friends?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
Have you ever had a bad feeling about someone or something, but in the end it turned out to be wrong?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How do I know if someone is active on WhatsApp?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
What does acceptance of another person mean to you?
What if I just stopped being their hero?
Why do people say that I'm smart but act like I'm not? What do I do to deal with it?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
What are some of the worst Punjabi aunt and uncle conversations that Indians have had?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Why do I have a hard time getting along with guys?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Is it correct that if you say to someone in Nigeria, 'I am going to kill you' and, of course, you don't do it, your life is in danger?
What are the things that make you rude or arrogant?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How do I survive being judged by others?
How do I recover an old friend?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I improve in life when I'm constantly surrounded by 'lethargic' people?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
Is it bad if I prefer to keep my head down because I am so ugly?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Some of my friends used to make fun of me and it hurt me. They are rich and I am a topper. I am unable to manage. What should I do?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
Have you ever absentmindedly hurt yourself?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Is it possible for someone to eventually care about you?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
What are the signs someone is interested in you as a person?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do you crowdfund and stay stealth? Wouldn't it be nice if you could see who's actually looking at your campaign? Sounds like a very nice platform!
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
What is the difference between created fear and repressed fear?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What is the one offensive thing a teacher told you that hurt your feelings?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Why is my mother being so mean to me?
Who is this "Napster" that Andrew Weill keeps talking about?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
How can I tell someone they look better without makeup?
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
If you never see, hear, or know about someone or something, is it real?
How do I survive working with mean colleagues at a multinational company that is meant to be a great opportunity for me?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
Why do people act differently?
Why do people get louder when talking on the phone?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
What does it mean if my dad always ignores my mum when she’s speaking to him?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
I was invited by a German girl for birthday - I had to say no initially - but she tried to convince me on WhatsApp to come. What could be the reason?
Why don't Ukrainian women like to chit chat with strangers?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
How do I make a guy actually interested in me instead of sexually interested in me?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What are some good comebacks for when a man calls you honey or sweetheart?
What was the last message from your friend?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
How do you remove all the messages and replies immediately?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
How often do you feel stupid around your colleagues?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Is it possible to judge other people's personality without meeting them or talking with them? (by looking at their faces or how they dressed)
How can I get rid of someone I don't like without being rude?
How do I tell a beautiful perfectionist girl, that she is great?
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I deal with a narcissistic mother who is manipulative, verbally toxic, arrogant, self-absorbed and who gaslights others?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
This girl I've been talking to suddenly asked me out, what should I do?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
My fiancé and I never get along anymore, what should I do?
How can I overcome shyness when talking to strangers (read details)?
Why do some people look at me like I'm crazy for preferring canine company over that of humans, as dogs act more caring than a lot of people?
Is there anything you would like to say to someone before dying?
Why does it hurt when someone you care about the most asks you to leave?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why does he cut the call on hearing my name?
Why do I see the name I hate very often?
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
How do I uninvite someone?
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
My son is worried about WW3. What should I tell him?
How do I recognize when a guy's talking nicely instead of mistaking it for flirting?
Why can't my husband look into my eyes when we talk?
Is it a good idea to tell your partner that you cheated?
What are some memorable or funny conversations you have had with, or overheard from, a synesthete?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
People say that there is some problem with my gait. How can I improve it?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
How do you call someone that never takes initiatives, but live life as it is?
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
Why do Taiwanese girls always say they don't have time when I ask them out?
How do I find it easier to flirt?
There's girl whom I like she daily comes to the park but the problem is she comes with a lady, how should I approach her?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
She always responds to my WhatsApp messages, but not to my Facebook messages. She is always online on Facebook. Should I leave her?
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Why is it that looks are so important that even if you're a great person you get no attention just because there's someone better looking with you?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
I find no reason and interest to be alive. I am living according to others and have no say in anything. Is it normal?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How do gay people turn down unwanted attention?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
How would you know that your female friend isn't sexually attracted to you? But she wants to hang out all the time.
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What do guys get by seeing at girls private parts? Why do they do so? Any logical answers?
What does it mean when a guy is always staring at you (he is my coworker and I can feel him staring)?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What should someone do in a pub in order to make you approach, or to at least make you put an eye on them/have your attention?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How does one face awkward situations?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How can I track an order placed by someone else on behalf of me?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
Will society accept the fans of Emraan Hashmi?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
Why a guy hide his face with his hand while sitting?
What does it mean when people say I look like a grandpa?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
What's it called when you care about someone to the extent that their well-being affects that of someone you care about directly?
Why does everyone talk about how good LeadGrabber Pro is but never ever mention if any of the harvested emails convert to a sale?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
If a celeberty is nice to the paparazzi, do they bother him/her less?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How would you describe what it is like to live in Morro Bay to someone who has never been there?
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
They say silent is golden, but aren't there many drawbacks to not saying something on certain occasions?
In Spanish language, how would you say "People say that it isn't as good as it used to be, but it still makes me laugh?"
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
How can you start trusting people again when you have serious trust issue and stop lying to them?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
Why is it that I always attract narcissistic and self absorbed people even though I'm a really sweet and loving person?
How do I stop feeling insecure when walking in makeup stores?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
How do I stop being bullied in high school and stop talking to bullies?
How do I let my stalker know that I have a concealed carry permit so that he will leave me alone? I just want to scare him off; I would never hurt him.
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
When I told my mom I thought I had ADHD and told her some of the symptoms, she said I was just making excuses to be lazy. What should I do?
How come he never texts first?
How does it feel when someone close to you kills themselves?
What if my relatives come to my abode and they are really irritating? What can I do to make them behave less abhorrently?
How can I approach my female co-worker at my workplace?
What do I do in a scenario when I buy something underage and am asked for an ID?
How should I behave when at a friend's party and everyone is eating, but I am not eating because of health conditions?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
Why is it so funny for me to troll others and make them upset?
What does trust actual mean?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
How do I deal with people taking the credit for others’ work or copying mails and pretending they did it?
Why are the displacements I get with FLAC (solve for) so different when compared to Rocscience RS2? I'm talking about slope modelling.
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What are the essentials of the perfect apology?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
How do you forgive people who have betrayed your trust?
How can I show him that I really like him without him thinking that I'm lying or just being a stupid teenager?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
Why do people frequently ask me, "When did you first realize you were gay?" I am not sure how to answer, and why would they want to know that?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
Why do a lot of people walk around with very serious expressions but instantly change into this "fake" happy mode whenever they see you?
What's wrong with being a loner and not meeting people for a long time? Is that so bad? What is wrong? What could I do?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
I feel like I'm too extroverted. How do I talk less?
Why is it that we always tend to run after those things that do not and never will belong to us?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
What would be the easiest way to make a female friend in the gym?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
What should I do when my spouse's daily habits trouble me a lot and even after telling him he does not take care?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
I have never exerted any effort to get to know anyone, and this doesn't feel healthy to me. I want to make good connections. How do I approach people?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
When somebody thinks wrongly about me, what should I do to change their thinking?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
How can I relay a personal story to someone, without using "I" so much?
What does this mean (from the book how to talk to anyone)?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you during college days. That’s why I didn't come near you"?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Why do we say hi and good morning?
What should I do about an annoying teacher?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What made you stop idolizing someone?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
I feel unwanted and very dejected when I initiate a conversation with my friend(s) and they don't even reply. How do I stop feeling gloomy?
Am I the only person who likes Autotune?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How do you change the mood of a rude person?
Are there any similarities between a tort and a trust?
Isn't it annoying when people keep clicking pictures of themselves at your party instead of indulging in nice talks and socialising?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
If I ask you "how do you like them apples", do you suppose I'm referring to my testicles?
When was the last time you thanked your parents?
People, especially other girls, stare at me excessively. How should I deal with them?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
How does a girl flirt over text?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Is Roger Federer such a nice guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
What reasons can I give my future husband if he asks me why I am not a virgin? I dont want to tell him the truth.
How did you act when you developed a crush?
How do you maintain a natural eye contact? Sometimes I look away on purpose just to break off the tense feeling from it.
Does Michael Scheuer have valid arguements or does he just want to spread disinformation?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
How can I add someone onto famousbirthdays.com?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you earlier, that is why I didn’t come near you"?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do you feel bad about the way you look?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
I’m emotionally detached from my parents because of times when they berated whenever I make mistakes and they always assume the worst of me. Am I overreacting?
How do I tell my friends how much they mean to me?
How do you react if you find out a long-time friend commited suicide?
Can you define a person's personality by the way he/she wears a watch?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
Why are people so easily misled?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Why can't I keep friends?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Why was a man asking me for a straw?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
If two Truecaller users are talking to each other, will both of the profiles show that they are online in the app?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
What do you think about trust and trusting people? (This is a very broad question so answer as openly as you want)
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Why do we worship Shiva when we haven't met or experienced him?
How can I handle irritating people in exams?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is depending on other people harmful?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
When did you realise that your surrounding is trying to shape you into someone else?
If the pimp gives you the option to choose girls who are totally HIV negative, he genuinely wants your safety. Would you give him repeat business?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
What should guys know about women to stop being afraid of approaching them?
What do you do to try to understand how another person thinks?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
A guy asked me if I chew gum, and when I asked him, 'Why? ' he said he needed information? What is that about?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
What is that one thing which someone said to you that distanced you from them?
Why do people act mean?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
Have you ever been gripped with passion/lust for someone you barely know?
What do you tell yourself​ when you’re totally down?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Is there a place online where you can really talk about the complex issues in life, a very engaging website?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
What should we do when sorry doesn't work?
What is the best way to act around a girl who you like?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
How would you react if a man grabbed your butt?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Why is that some people do not rely on probability and think its nonsense?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
What is the most philosophical thing that someone has ever told you?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
Why do some people trust everyone?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
What does it mean to be a loyal friend?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
How can you understand someone’s opinion about you by looking at their body language?
What should you never say to a programmer?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How many times a day do you say 'Sorry'?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
A person remains confused and always wishes to have more. In short, there is no contentment. How do you make her/him convinced or satisfied?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
How do I verbally emasculate a man who always degrades me?
How should I talk to guy that I never really spoke to? What do I say without making him lose interest?
How do you deal with someone (female) who thinks they understand the male psyche and can control it from past experience?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
Why can’t a male feel badly if a woman shouts at him or insults him?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
What can I do to get people to notice I need help?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
What is the best advice you can give me for maintaining friendships that are valuable to me?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Is walking away from a potential fight or argument considered immature?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
How did you react when your child or someone else told you they were LGBT?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
How do I deal with my mom finding out I fap?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
How many people does the average person meet in their life?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I've always been terrible at standing up for myself when people argue with me. How do I better stand up for myself and my self-esteem?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How should I react to racist comments?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How do I convince someone that the greatest issue facing the world is indifference?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
Is it unreasonable to dislike someone who likes your former crush?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Why is it important to work hard in school? All people say to me about this is that it gets you a diploma and sometimes a career, but that is overused.
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
How do I make new close friends?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
How do I deal with insecure people at college? Please help.
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why is it not good to beat others by slapping them on the face?
How should a girl be treated?
How do I deal with my triggers if they are my parents, my sister and my eldest daughter? (I ask anonymously because I don't want it to get back to them.)
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
This is bad, but I think I seem to have antipathy towards the people I encounter on a routine basis (i.e., coworkers). What can I do to change?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
There is a girl in my class and I have never talked to her and we hang out with different people so no one can introduce me. What do I do? Go for it?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
I told my teacher that she gave a grade higher than she should for my friend in a test. Should I feel bad?
How do I deal with a unique family?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
What do you do when you are trying to log in and Instagram says “sorry, there was a problem with your request”?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
My gut feeling says that someone is planning to physically assault me. How do I manage this situation?
Do sociopaths try to avoid eye contact?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
There's a girl always staring at me in class. I avoid eye contact because it's weird. I never really liked her but I sorta do now. Does she like me?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
What does it feel to have 0 friends?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
How can I trust my partner?
How effective is face to face communication?
What if me and my spouse are both active duty and I would like to take advantage of MyCAA scholarship. Would I qualify?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
I told my brother I wish he would die in a car crash because he has choked me multiple times and he called me a horrible person. Am I?
What should I do when my teacher makes my peers dislike me?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
What do introvert smart girls like in Indian men?
This girl says stuff to me like "you should take me skating" and "Friday is the best night to go out". Are these signs that she wants me to ask her out?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
How many times have you lied today?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
What is the correct way to have a good relationship, especially if we do not talk that often?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Why is it that when I look in a mirror closely I can see things close to me clearly but things are far distance behind me I can't see clearly?
Has anyone ever met someone who feels "hollow"? It’s like they have no personal stance on anything.
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How can I get him to feel comfortable and regain his trust when I broke his heart and rejected in the worst possible way?
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How do I tell a girl to stop giving signals and I'm not interested in her?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself so bad you never want to leave the house again?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
Of course people should not hit people, but what is the man's feminist-sanctioned response when being hit by a woman?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
What is the sweetest thing you've seen a child do?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
If a girl shows a guy her private parts on the second date, does that mean she is easy?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
If people hate the truth, should I lie to them?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do those who can't talk communicate if sign language was not created?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
What should I say when someone says that you are exaggerating?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What does it mean when he says “let’s take it slow,” then he suddenly stops calling you? Does it mean that he lost interest?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
Why do guys call girls babe?
How do world leaders (speaking different languages) talk when they meet in front of cameras?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Do guys like if a girl gifts him his portrait made by her own?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
How should I behave so that people will understand my value and regret behaving badly towards me? How should I make them miss my company?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
How do you deal with a family member who is a constant bully?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
Do only intelligent people manipulate to get what they want?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What are some things about aging that nobody tells you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
Is it legal to record a private conversation without others knowing in Utah?
Have you encountered anyone who is very polite and nice to waiters, receptionists and cleaners, but less pleasant to others?
How have your friends changed you?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How would you advise me about what I should say to a friend who is going through bad times which she has been suffering since 2014?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
Why are women taught it's ok to manipulate people?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
How do I deal with someone who keeps on boasting about his knowledge and wealth?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How does it feel to be a kept woman? Do people respect you?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
Why did Krishna regarded Arjun as his best friend?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Who is my strength?
Should I stop being annoyed that my boyfriend calls another woman "baby"?
Why was my crush staring at me?
Have you ever felt like you have a unique name and met with the person of same name as yours?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What are the best ways to influence a lady?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
What should you do when a woman wants all of your time, but doesn’t want to be intimate?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
You know when you are in a room full of people and you start shaking your leg and others unconsciously start doing it. Can somebody explain this?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
How do I get friendly with girls?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
What can be the best way to say no?
This girl in my class is being rude to me for no reason but I noticed she is trying to be like me over the years, both physically and mentally. Why?
How do you say "The state of his affairs has caused much anxiety among his close friends." in Chinese?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
What do people underestimate often?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How can I impress other people?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
What should I do when my mom never says something nice to me?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
How can you save all unknown WhatsApp users?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
What is the best way to deal what is risky behaviors?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
If someone talks to a cop in the United States, are they contracting with him/her?
What’s the best thing you have ever done for India or for someone else?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
How does a person eat with the back rest inclined towards the person seated behind him?
How can I approach a girl I liked?
How can I know for sure whether I have high-functioning autism? Mental health pros tell me I very likely do not have it, but I want to confirm that.
How do you become a creep?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
How should I handle a girl cropping me out of a year book pic on purpose? (please read the “more details” area)
What projects do you think of when you hear "somebody has to and no one else will"?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How do girls feel when they are approached?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
What's the worst thing someone said to you because of your sexual orientation?
Which is the baddest word we can say to another person?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
What is the most uplifting thing a stranger has ever said to you?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
What kind of person do you dislike?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
How does one make jokes to a guy to show I'm interested in him?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
What kinds of behavior are not polite?
In which countries is not holding the door for the next person considered acceptable but not impolite?
Am I cruel for liking my shit?
Is it bad that I wish I was a girl sometimes?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
What is the sluttiest thing someone has ever told you?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
Which is the best picture of Dylan Maclntyre and his boy friend?
If you accidentally meet your favourite porn star, what will be the first thing you say or do?
Has there ever been a person or people that tried to stop the others from stoning someone to death?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What do I do if I realize that I'm actually a manipulative jerk without intending to be?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
My ex broke up with me. We dated for a month, but he would tease me and try to talk to me. He also constantly stares, especially when I am not looking. Why is that?
Why do some people follow people around instead of talking to them?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
I can't talk to my crush and it's driving me insane. How do I talk to her?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How can you know what friends are following you?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Why do some people stay with those that treat them badly or even abuse them?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Can eye contact be dangerous?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
I act out fictional realities by myself on a regular basis. Is this normal?
What will happen if I distance myself from my boyfriend?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
Who do you call an emotional idiot?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
Should I feel happy because my best friend comes to me only when he is in trouble or feel sad as he forgets me in his good times?
What should I do when somebody is fake calling me from different numbers and talking dirty and very bad to me?
How can I stop caring and have no feelings so that others will be more attracted to me ? I believe that when I don't care, things go more in my favor.
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
What should I never do or say in Australia?
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How can I upgrade my communication skills as well as my general knowledge to face any GD?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What if you can't do an assignment your therapist wants you to do, like write a letter to someone about your true feelings and burn it?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
What do you consider to be creepy?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
Why am I always pushed around?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
If a guy says “I don't care” but sometimes it feels like he does care, how can we know his feelings?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
How do you give someone your number?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How can we know evolution is happening? I know it is and can cite many examples, I'm just curious how others can tell.
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Is continuous bad fortune in my business the universe’s way of telling me I'm meant to do something else with my life/career?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
What's the best thing to say to a person, who unintentionally broke something very valuable of yours?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Are your gender identity and pronouns just something you decide on your own or is it something that needs to result from interaction with others?
What is the term for the new method of bullying when a person will try to convince you to change facts?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
What are the main ways of avoiding coming across as rude to other people?
How can you learn about a person's psychology without talking?
Which Quoran are you planning to meet? When and where?
Why do people in the Metropolitan cities rarely make small talks or eye contact but put on their unhappy serious faces?
How has religion shaped the way in which people perceive the natural world around them?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
My crush catches me staring at him, so he stares back for more than 4 secs. What does this mean?
Why does he act like he likes me but ignores me?
Should I give more importance to a person beside me or a person living at a far long distance from me?
Why do people keep on asking "how are your studies going"? What would be a befitting reply to stop them?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
How can I identify and deal with financially toxic people?
Have you ever secretly admire someone?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
What are the signs that someone is jealous of you, but doesn't make it obvious?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
Why are people so flustered of nice people?
If your car or truck could talk, what would we find out about you, or your world?
How can I stop getting mad at my annoying friend?
I have a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and sometimes get the sense that people don't understand what I am saying. Is this normal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What should I do if my father was arrested for solicitation (with a minor in the US) and still lives with us?
How do I become asocial?
How should I ask my boss if I can skip work the next day?
How can a guy say no without getting slapped if a girl proposes?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Why are some people so black & white about female/male roles in society?
Why do guys judge girls by their age?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
How should I stop being open to a certain person?
If you could ask your cat one question, knowing that you would receive a response you could understand, what would you ask him/her and why?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
What do you call a woman who uses her body to earn attention?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What's the rudest thing a customer did at your work?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
When someone is suicidal, why should you stop him/her?
How can someone deal with a bad nickname?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
How do you make a guy friend like you?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is something you want someone to do for you?
What is the legal way to fix a meeting with a government official during public meeting hours (he is deliberately avoiding the meeting)?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
Have you ever met anyone with the weirdest name(s)?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Why we say hello when we pick a call?
How can I decode the things/signals my crush is giving me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
What would happen if someone who had agoraphobia hung out with someone with claustrophobia a lot?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
How do you change friend groups?
My mom is the nicest person I know, but she always manages to make me infuriatingly mad. I feel guilty and ugly for hurting her. What should I do?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
What are some of the worst aunty and uncle conversations Indians have had?
Why is Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. not the G.O.A.T? He went 93-0 before taking an L, something no one else will get close to doing.
I feel like I'm in the wrong time, is this normal? Or a word for it at least?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
A girl I'm living with made up a bunch of lies about me and spread them. I have nowhere else to go, but I can't deal with her lies. What do I do?
How do I accept that some people will not like me?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What's the reason behind closing your eyes when you don't want to talk or are in a bad mood in public?
How can I understand people's feelings?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
Should I tell this girl I like her for a second time?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
Whatever happened to the neutron bomb? How come it's never talked about anymore? Is it still considered viable by the U.S. military?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
What does it mean when a man says “Let’s take it slow”?
Where can you meet authentically nice people in Miami?
Why do some people always expect me to greet them all the time, girls or even fellas, is that a demonstration of power or self importance?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
When someone tells me he’s thinking about my sexy butt, how can I reply?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
Can you tell me about something you regret at first but later appreciated doing?
How do I make my friends stop checking my browser history?
How do I make my niece adjust to her step-mother without any force?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
If you had a crowd of a million people, and they'd do whatever you say, what would you tell them to do? The crowd could include anyone who ever existed.
What do you call a girl that is only around to benefit off you or others and she think’s its okay?
How can I tell how old a person is just by looking at them?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
Who is someone you will never forget and why?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
How do I prove to my grandparents that I'm not irresponsible?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
How can I stop being my own worst critics?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
My friend argues that monogamy is civilized and polyamory is primitive. How can I tell him that he is wrong?
Can a guy tell his girlfriend to stop talking to another guy who is her best friend?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
How does it feel when a girl chat with you daily and after some days she stops chatting with you?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why do you like your friends?
How is it easy for some people to treat others as if they didn't have feelings?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I counter someone frequently mirroring me?
What makes an online date talk badly about his previous dates?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
Have you ever met a Hollywood celebrity? If yes, how? If no, who would you like to meet?
If a guy says, "I don't care," but it sometimes feels like he is caring, how can we get to know his feelings?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
What is the weirdest thing a girl can say to a boy?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
How do I win over anxiety forever, when it's doing everything to trick me? It seems like if I win over it, it finds a new way to try to trick me.
Are you supposed to be ok with PDA, just because you are a young person?
My sister is very stupid. She is a very dominating asshole. What do I do to get rid of her?
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
I get ultimately irritated when I go out with friends who constantly stare at their phones. What do you do to deal with this kind of situation?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
What are some phrases and expressions people commonly use while texting (eg: I'm in a meeting, sorry cant talk right now etc)?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
What makes someone a real friend?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What should I do to become the actor of my life?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
When should you take things personally?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
Why is it so hard to forgive yourself?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
What change in mindset is required to make people share good thoughts about you?
Would you ask your date why he/she didn't want to go out again after the second date? What did they say when you asked?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
What does he mean when he says, “I think about you constantly, but I'm not ready for this right now”?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
By what parameters would people say that a person is good?
How do you get a guy to be interested in seeing you again?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How can I seem friendly?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
What do the young commonly talk about in the USA?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
What do I do when my teammates don't like me?
Why do people not like me around here?
How do I repair the relationship with my sister after I said some very mean and abusive things out of anger?
How do I disconnect from manipulation and behave in such a manner that the manipulator doesn't try to manipulate me again?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
Why can’t some people talk properly? How do I win their hearts?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Is it right for me to find a girlfriend if I am a somewhat bad person, how could I find someone similar?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Why do Asian people like to ask someone's religion?
What is your way of dealing with setbacks or when you don't get what you wanted?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Why do people give lengthy and boring answers?
Who want to text me?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
How do Indonesian gentlemen feel if they see a woman they know being abused by her spouse? What would you do?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
How do I convince new people on a phone call?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How do I stop insults?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Is it correct to say "call me urgently"?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
What would you do if I ask you out?
What do you do while you are waiting for someone?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
Is he into me when he has an intense look at me and smiles constantly when I'm with him, but usually talks way more about himself than about me?
Why do I dislike being around people?
What do white people mean when they say that someone "acts black"?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
A coworker likes to skate. Should we go out as friends if this person accepts the offer?
Have you ever been part of the mile high club with someone you didn't know beforehand?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
What usually happens when you break Arabs’ trust?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Why is it that, when you’re going through some tough stuff, you can't seem to think clearly, talk, and you sometimes look like a freak?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
How would people react if NASA says nobody went to the moon? Some may think they lied earlier and are now telling the truth and some may think the opposite.
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
I'm about to get a handjob and I'm nervous what should I do?
What kind of a man/boy would accept money from the woman/girl he likes? Must it be bad?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What do you define as a creep?
How can I get along with my host family?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
Should I keep those friends who don't understand my problems?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
What would happen if nobody thought about himself but only others?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
How would you feel if you met a follower in real life?
What does it mean when your bf keeps asking you to be intimate?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
How should one console a friend when they have just lost a parent?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
Can I make a foreign friend to practice my English?
What are some of the most reliable ways to determine that someone's assertion states a fact and not merely an opinion?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
If someone leads you on, would you consider yourself to be doomed?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
What's the nicest thing a patient has ever said to you?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
Can I tell my boyfriend who he can and can't talk to?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
Is it possible to define a person in the first meeting?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
A guy I used to like passed away by suicide, I think I like a new guy but he painfully looks like the guy that passed away, how do I handle this?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
How can I become social in a new school?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
How do you keep friends from drifting apart?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
What does it mean if my boyfriend suddenly cares about his appearance? He didn't really care about how he looked before.
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
What should I say to you as you look so hot to me?
How do I shut up an arrogant overrated girl?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
Why do people say, "don't forget about me when you're famous?"
People ask me if I'm a lesbian and I tell them yes, but I do also like guys just not in an intimate way. What does this mean?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
What are the signs that someone is physically comparing themselves to you?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
There's a boy in my class that I like. I always turn and stare at him and ask my friends if they see him stare back but he doesn’t. Could he like me?
What is better, to talk with people less and to not pay any heed to people or to care about them a lot?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
What are great ways to perfect one's presentation skills?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
Why am I not supposed to be grossed out at the sight of fat people?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What does "poor eye contact" indicate or imply when noted in a psychological assessment?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
Why should I respect other people's opinions if they're just wrong?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
Do role models influence someone’s personality?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
What kind of problem do people sometimes have with their neighbors?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
What is an interesting question to ask to an old person?
Have you ever had a conversation with an animal?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
What are some ideas for improving strength at work/college?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What makes someone stay in a narcissistic relationship when they know in their heart that they're in a bad place?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
I currently met this girl we both like each other but she always expects me to communicate with her first, what should I do to draw her attention?
How would you know if you’re chatting/talking to your possible boyfriend?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Why do we pay more to people who just talk and talk and have no practical skills, rather than paying people more who do real jobs and produce results?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
How do people manipulate apps like 5miles to solicit sex?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
Whats are the topics that girl talk about most often?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it rightful to forgive the narcissist from his / her wrongdoings?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Are you really socially awkward? How do you manage relationships then?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
Have you ever known someone who consistently gets away with their bad behavior and is never held accountable? Will they ever be exposed to people?
I am not social. I would really like to be, but can't. Is there something I can do?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
Do true friends really exist?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
You can resurrect one philosopher and talk to him or her for a day. Who would you resurrect and what would you ask?
How do women politely decline repeated and relentless strong come-on from a man?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
How do I tell my friend I don't want to go to her birthday party?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
Have you ever liked someone who had a boyfriend? How'd it turn out?
What does it mean when a guy doesn't change in front of you?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
How do I get people to do what I want?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Why do I like mocking people who mock other people?
Do I actually attract people if I think negatively about them? Why?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
Which are the things that break a friendship?
What should a guy do when he realizes on the very next day after his wedding that she is not the right girl because of her short-tempered and immature attitude?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Should I call up my 28yr old son's work & tell them how much of a loser, thief & a liar he is so that he can learn? Would that make me a bad person?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
Why does someone else’s judgement matter so much to me?
My gf's roommate told me she is talking to her colleague on phone for hours, do I have to worry?
I can't trust any human anymore, what should I do?
I cursed a girl I know out on Facebook Messenger. She didn't reply, but she didn't delete me or unfriend me. What does this mean?
I am getting tremendously sick of my friends. What should I do?
If a girl you really liked seemed very interested in you at first but then gave you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason, would you keep trying?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
How do I support a friend who had his eye removed unexpectedly?
Is it petty to be upset with my DM for critiquing the art I did for our party’s NPCs without really saying anything nice about it?
How do I get people and corporations to pay me for being a shill?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What are some good ways to show your interest in your crush without coming off too strong?
What should I do to start a conversation with a girl on Quora?
Why do girls complain about other girls (even best friends) when they are not in front of them?
Can you argue self-defense if you attack someone because you're scared of what they're doing to you?
How do I approach a boy I am interested in?
A girl said to me,"I am interested on you but haven't fall for you yet". What does this mean?
My crush is good, but he likes my best friend (s) and he treats me like his "bro". Should I move to the same class with him?
If someone is obviously abusing an animal without knowing it, what can someone do?
The popular Quorans ignore me. How do I get their attention?
Do you ever feel like you always choose the easiest way out even if you could do much more than that?
Do you agree that 90% of dating is having the courage to talk to your perspective mate?
Why do people tend to ignore others?
What are good ways for me to socialize with other people?
What do people mean when they say they 'hear' voices?
Is it right time for TCS to do away with "Respect Individuals" value as nobody cares for it?
How should I react when my friend said good-bye in the middle of a conversation?
What if I ask a girl to be my best friend?
How do you tell a girl you like her over text?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
What do I do if I'm too insecure to let someone who's interested in me get to know me?
Why is no one comfortable with me?
What would you do if a supervisor assaulted you verbally, threatened you and threw something at you? No witnesses.
How do you gain someone's trust again after hurting them so badly?
Whenever we meet someone we used to say ‘Hi’ or ‘Hello’. What can we say instead of those?
What should one expect when calling CPS on a family member?
What does it mean when a guy talks about his family upon first meeting?
How can I be successful at my field and get clear of the problems around me?
There is a girl that stares at me constantly in class. Does she like me?
Do ENTJs get along well with ENFJs?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
What are some ways a person could inadvertently encourage other people to treat them badly or disrespect them?
How can I quickly build confidence in speaking infront of a crowd?
Which is the best institute for communication and interpersonal skill in Gurgaon?
How shall I tell that a girl secretly likes me over text?
What will you do if you found a handicapped person with his tri-scooter in the main road asking you to stop (like seeking for help)?
Recently I had a breakup, so can I make out with my best friend?
Who do I always avoid direct eye contact with everybody?
How do you shut down an over talkative, boring person that you must be around because of a work situation?
How do I get away from the thoughts of people who were not good to me in the past?
Did Stalin have trust issues?
How do you explain something that you can't understand yourself?
How do I prevent a girl from saying or thinking that I'm too good?
If a person is getting bullied, what should he/she do?
What do you do when people think you and the guy you like are dating because you hangout all the time?
Have you ever caught yourself hating someone you know you shouldn't?
So there's this girl that I follow on Instagram and she's really pretty. I want to get to know her, should I text her?
What is an unusual place to meet women or just new, interesting people?
If your significant other is fine with you casually flirting with others, what does it imply? Is it out of trust or does it mean something else?
My best friend has let me down multiple times, I've never let her down once, should I get a new best friend?
I'm trying to connect with him again after a really difficult time, how can I proceed?
On YouTube, if there are a bunch of replies just for what a person wrote, if I click on a reply behind the username, will that person know?
Have you ever asked somebody to teach you something in their language only to find they tricked you and taught you something bad instead?
What should I say to a girl so that she is unable to say no to me?
What are some tips to deal with antisocial behaviour?
What job do people underestimate the difficulty of?
I really don't want a relationship anymore and I just met a handsome guy, I keep googling my symptoms, should I see a therapist?
Why do some people underestimate friendship?
What does it mean when a guy wants to watch TV and pass out on the couch with you?
How did Hannah and Tony become friends?
What is the most stupidest conversation your have ever had with someone?
Why is sharing an idea with our friends not good?
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me like I'm a child. I am 36?
Have you ever unexpectedly come across a picture of someone you know while doing an unrelated internet search?
How do you properly communicate when frustrated by someone's actions?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
Hello, how are you today?
What is the difference between communicate and contact? Can I say that an app is an easy way to communicate with people?
Is it a bad idea to add a male coworker on Facebook? I have a secret crush on him and I think he is flirting also but he's not adding me. Should I?
After months of silence, why would a girl congratulate me?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or my best friend? I want us to know each other but I don't want him getting too close to me.
Is it better to stay ideal or socially with others?
Who are arguably the most welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
Which places could be really nice to meet your date for the first?
Are you still in touch with your high school friends?
How do I change so people will be more open towards me?
What are some topics which I could get mastery on so that I can brag about in front of my friends?
Why doesn't anyone care about me as much as I care for them?
Who is the most famous person you have met? How was the experience?
What is the bravest thing you've ever said to someone?
If I'm a sex offender and a cop pulls up beside me wherever I go, am I under surveillance?
Is it mean never to pick up when my mother-in-law calls on the landline, or to ask to speak to her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Is it wrong for me to want to metaphorically slap the spunk out of some know-it-alls on Quora?
Why does MGTOW talk about women hitting the wall?
How do I avoid getting virtual friends and get real friends?
Why did I feel weird when someone smiled at me?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
I am planning to hangout with my crush and I'm nervous, is it normal?
Does he like me even if he ignores me?
How does one avoid taking a narcissist's’ meanness personally?
How can I overcome the toxic relationship that I had with my father?
Is it a good decision to leave my "friends"?
How can I rebuild a relationship that is sinking?
How do I know if a guy likes me through texting?
How many people (in percentage) should be below me in order to be called as smart at something?
How do I manage with a brother in law having extreme rude behavior?
How do guys feel about girls asking them out?
How should I say sorry to my friend whom I betrayed in an unintentional way?
Can one choose not to remember his/her supposed best friend without giving the friend a valid reason?
What are some things a girl should know about guys?
How do you deal with having completely different views to the rest of your family?
Can a person in a coma hear me talk to them?
Why do I share my problems more with my friends than my family?
Who are the least welcoming group to outsiders or strangers?
What does it mean when someone thinks that you've been abused?
How do I distance myself from a friend without making it obvious?
What does it mean when a man avoids eye contact when communicating with his date?
Do people hate homosexuals because they talk about it too much?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
There's this girl, and when we became friends she said, "I like you as a mate and nothing more," but I never asked her out. Should I give up on her or not?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
When asking a girl to prom, is it ok to have another girl in mind in case she says no?
If your best friend cuddle back does it mean they like you?
Is it difficult for you to say no?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
How can you tell if someone has a real low IQ or is just lazy and wants others to do their dirty work?
Why do parents think it is okay to talk about boys?
I don't feel like I really care about other people's feelings. I don't like this aspect of myself. Is there a good way to build empathy?
I find informal social situations like chatting over drinks awkward. How can I learn to talk more and not state the obvious so much?
Why is it that I can talk on my phone about something, and within a couple of days, see some ads for it sent to me on Facebook?
How do you make your crush laugh without talking to her?
Everyone considers me an idiot; they don't respond to me when I talk. What should I do?
What does it mean to say,​ "it's my honour"?
How do we have good terms with people without money?
Have you ever sucked your friend's dick and had it not change your friendship?
Why don’t normal people understand the mindset of introverts?
Why would a girl congratulate me if we stopped talking months ago?
What are some things I can do while making out with someone?
Why don't my friends realize that I'm always left out?
How can I start conversations with strangers who are women?
Why do people react so angry after commenting a serious joke to them?
What is better: to let guests know who are the other guests of a party or not letting them know that in advance?
Would you want to hear what people say over your body at your funeral?
How do you about go telling potential SO's about being transgender and does it have an impact as to how they interact with others?
Why do people use "how come"?
How should I respond to people who criticize me for naming my child Peekaboo?
What benefit is there in QNET? One of my friends told me we can earn a good amount using it.
Why does this guy care that I didn't message him?
What's something you never thought you would say, but did?
Besides no contact, how can I get even with a malignant narcissist?
Could someone help me with how to deal as an introvert and a lonely person while making friends?
How can I earn people's respect?
Is this guy cheating if he brings his cell phone to the bathroom every time he smokes in there? He seems to read and text someone in the bathroom.
What do you reply to "how is it going"?
Do transsexuals keep their friends after transitioning?
How can a nurse stop being too nervous?
Why do I always feel that my lover sees another man if she is not with me?
What’s the best way to show a girl that she means the world to you?
What should I do to figure out if he'll take a chance with me?
How can we describe the psychology of someone who within 5 years has never recognized he was wrong?
Have you ever farted on someone's face before?
What does it mean when a Dutch gal says, "At least kiss me on the cheek", while saying goodbye?
How do you feel being a studious person?
How can I make a conversation with a girl on social media interesting?
How would you feel if your boyfriend/girlfriend have no friends at all?
How can I get people to stop soliciting?
How should you react when a boy says 'that's good for a girl'?
How do I get over the loss of a good friend who became a jerk?
Are my flatmates bullying me because of my boyfriend's visits?
Do highly academically accomplished people often deliberately make themselves non-open because too much openness would distract them?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
How often do you stalk your friends?
What's a good response to minors asking you for cigarettes?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
How does one undergo healing from a narcissistic relationship?
Should it be a red flag if he lies and says he "fell asleep" when texting me?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
What makes someone a narcissist?
What does it mean when your partner buys you flowers out of nowhere?
Why is it that when you completely stop interacting with a woman, they somehow can't go a month without saying something to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me intentionally again and again for no reason?
I am funny, caring, clever and a quick learner. I am a 22-year-old boy and getting irritated. Why do people ignore me, treat me as a stranger?
Is there anyone like me, who just want to die, even they are only 26? It feels like there is nothing left to move on.
If I wanted to cause havoc to a colleagues computer what could I do?
Why does Hannah Baker say, "Don't adjust your… whatever device you are listening on"?
Why do people judge other people’s age?
Is it wrong that it makes me mad when people say "She's in a better place"? What does that say about me?
Is it rude to not say hi when seeing someone from your past that hurt you?
What should you do when someone tries to intimidate you on the road?
How should I respond to a girl who walks up to me and asks me for sex (no strings attached)?
How do you stop a childish person from bothering you for fun?
Do people change with time or does it become more obvious who they really are?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
A guy I work with pursued me after my divorce. There are obvious signs of attraction going both ways. I want to tell him how I feel. Should I?
What does it mean when a guy stares and smiles at you while you are out together?
How do I deal with a know-it-all​ friend who always shows off rather than having any real knowledge and yet people are obsessed with him?
What does it mean when you say someone has an "inaccessible feature that marks them appartment from others"?
How do I get closer to my parents again? I feel sorry for my parents.
My friend of 1 year kissed my crush in front of me today. What should I do? I thought about getting over both of them and finding another friend.
I know telepathy is mind to mind but what is it when you can hear the people talking to them?
I am not able to meet one particularly guy in person, help needed (See comment)?
When someone says I am photogenic, is it a compliment? Does it mean I don't look good in real life?
Have you ever met someone one time and could not forget about him/her?
Is it okay to have sex with your best friends?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What should I respond if one says Quora is not authentic?
Why do we ignore someone?
Do ghosts really exist? Where I can find them and meet them (also talk to them)?
How regularly do girls get dirty messages and how do they respond?
Has a delayed penalty ever been overturned because of something a player has said?
How do I handle people who always think they are right and try to thrust their decisions on others?
How do I say sorry?
Should I be involved with married women?
How can I impress my sister in law who hates me?
Are empathetic people sadder in general?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What do guys do or talk about during nights out at a friend's place?
What is the best conversation between two characters from Mahabharat?
What are some signs that a women is not likely to respond favorably to you starting a conversation with her?
When was the time you had gotten really pissed at someone?
Is it wrong to show great affection to my friend who is a girl?
How do you know if a guy you dated on and off is jealous, and how do you fix it?
Has your intuition about someone been correct, absent all evidence to the contrary?
Why do we need someone in life to tell us what we are capable of?
Should I bring up personal questions to someone who is dealing with a lot?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Whenever I have a problem, I talk to my best friend. I am always dependent on her for advice. How should I change myself?
Have you ever had a bad feeling about someone or something, but in the end it turned out to be wrong?
When someone asks the name of a beautiful girl you know, most people will answer the name of their girlfriend or wife. So what’s the use of asking that?
How do I know if someone is active on WhatsApp?
I am feeling very depressed and my friends are ignoring me. How do I improve my social skills so that people start love being in my company?
How do I get people to start calling me a different name and different pronouns (ex: anything but she/her)?
How do I handle situations requiring you to watch what you say?
My old friend has yet to apologize for how he made me feel worthless. Should I forgive and move on, or should I keep asking him for an apology?
I just got in a group and I don't know anybody here. How do I stop being awkward?
How do I get rid of a person who hurts me continuously knowingly and unknowingly?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How would a narcissist respond to being confronted by a "supplier's" partner?
Why would a girl not know my name if I’ve told her a thousand times, and I show up a lot?
I saw a girl 4 times at a theme park but I didn't talk to her. I can't forget her, I think about her all the time. What should I do?
What does acceptance of another person mean to you?
What if I just stopped being their hero?
Why do people say that I'm smart but act like I'm not? What do I do to deal with it?
How do I behave with an ex crush and current friend?
My friend said that my crush told her that he likes me. Can she be lying?
How I do stop caring about what others think about me and act like myself?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Why didn’t my parents have the talk with me?
Why does she like a drug addict instead of me?
What should I do when my teacher constantly proves I am stupid?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
A guy "friend" texted "hallelujah" at 6 in the morning, and my girl answered "lol," "hahaha," and "wanna meet and catch up." Was that random, or is it more?
Why is there this one girl that I can't seem to stop being interested in?
What is it called when a person doesn't know its own feelings?
Why do I have a hard time getting along with guys?
Have you ever contacted an old friend from out of the blue? What are your thoughts on it?
Is it a good idea to ask a boy out to go swimming in the river?
My wife's friend received a demand letter for using a copy-written photo on her website. What should she do?
Is it correct that if you say to someone in Nigeria, 'I am going to kill you' and, of course, you don't do it, your life is in danger?
What are the things that make you rude or arrogant?
Did you ever have trouble finding friends in high school?
Is it possible to assess how a person will behave in a company by observing him / her in a room alone for some time?
What do you do when someone is expecting (even demanding) too much from you?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What should I do when someone taunts and harms about the chink in my armour?
After approaching you for a long time, by choice, why does a man suddenly not talk to you anymore?
How do you tell the difference between someone playing victim or someone genuinely having a hard time?
What is the difference between venting about someone and badmouthing them?
How do I survive being judged by others?
What is the best way to deal with a covert narcissist?
How do you forgive yourself for losing someone?
My girlfriend is texting and calling me but I failed to answer. She became upset on me, is this a negative sign?
Is asking a girl out in a big way a good idea to get her to say yes?
How can I improve in life when I'm constantly surrounded by 'lethargic' people?
What do you say when someone asks you "what's up" in passing, and you don't have much time to respond?
When people complain about other people being spoilt just because they have something expensive, does it mean that they’re jealous?
What does it mean if a girl tells me not to knock on my door?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
How do I talk to my future girlfriend on Skype?
How do you keep your name at the top of their mind and encourage them to tell others about your services?
Is the guy I'm dating interested in me if he takes so long to message me back?
What are some good ways to debate with people on sensitive topics?
How do I reach out to a recent relationship without seeming needy?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
Is it bad if I prefer to keep my head down because I am so ugly?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
How do I brave myself to interact with other people?
Who is the best and most passionate (about a particular hobby or interest) person you have ever met?
Have you ever absentmindedly hurt yourself?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How do famous Quorans feel when someone sends them a "Thanks"?
Do people need to seek the truth about things told them?
Every time my mom sees a girl talking to me she makes fun of me and tries to embarrass me, even if they just wave. How can I get her to stop this?
Why is it that people rarely remember what I told them but I can remember what they told me?
What do you do, if you hate your boyfriend's best friend (who is a female)?
If girls save your contact as “Life”, what does it mean?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
A girl is fatty and has teeth gaps. She is kind-hearted and a good student. Will the guys who already know her find her approachable if she looks good?
Can I get new people to become friends in Quora?
One of my best friends pretends that she can't remember my important details. What does she want me to understand?
How can I stop someone from trying to be my close friend or best friend? I still want us to know each other, but I don't want him getting too close.
Do losers with no friends ever get asked to prom?
Is it possible for someone to eventually care about you?
Are there questions you have always wanted to ask but you never did, fearing they would end up being racist/offensive?
What does it mean to objectify a woman?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can I find out if one of my friend on friend list has more than one number?
Why do my friends and family get more likes on Facebook than me?
What are the signs someone is interested in you as a person?
What are some giveaways that a friend is fake or insincere?
How do I politely tell someone that he's a liar?
Why would a girl lie to me about being at another guy’s house?
How do you crowdfund and stay stealth? Wouldn't it be nice if you could see who's actually looking at your campaign? Sounds like a very nice platform!
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
What if my best friend (female) comes in my dreams often and we are not together now? What should I do? I miss her a lot.
Whenever I am sad or feeling down, a deceased friend of mine shows up in my dreams and he comforts me in many ways. Does this mean that spirits are real?
I have noticed that my best friend is confused about his sexuality, but he will not recognize it. How can I encourage him to be honest with himself?
What is the one offensive thing a teacher told you that hurt your feelings?
Have you ever met an unforgiving person in your life, someone who refuses to accept your apology and forgive you?
What does it mean when a girl says no to your proposal, but still stays in contact with you?
How important is trust in life?
How do I respond when a person treats me weird?
If your superior treats you like an opponent, how do you mind your manners as you know he is an egotist and a fool?
Just because I am helpless, is it fair to call me a negative guy?
Could you become my friend?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
Why is my mother being so mean to me?
Who is this "Napster" that Andrew Weill keeps talking about?
Why is no one getting in touch with me?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
Why would a guy who has played many girls before and openly bragged about his past to girls suddenly try to hide his entire past from someone new?
What are some places/hobbies/workshops to meet people who like one or more of the following: creativity, animals, nature, trying out new things?
How do I respond or deal with my boyfriend who - not only always assumes he is right, but he actually states his assumptions as fact?
What does Anshul Sharma think about girls approaching a guy first?
Today, some acquaintances told me there are weird vibes about me and that I can come across as creepy. Why is that?
Why is feeding another person laddu a thing?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
How do I find out if my friend on my phone’s list has more than one number?
Why do people act differently when talking over the internet?
What should I do when losing a person who is very close to me?
Are there any adult affiliates that give signup forms instead of a homepage, when I send people to them? The homepage distracts them and they never join.
What happens when an interviewer turns out to be your good friend?
I'm arguing a lot with my parents and I'm very much uncomfortable with them. Shall I go away from them for my engineering so that I get mental peace?
I feel that the people around me are just mechanical robots. Is it OK?
What does it mean when a guy cries for a girl?
Why do I feel like people don't care about me?
If you never see, hear, or know about someone or something, is it real?
How do I survive working with mean colleagues at a multinational company that is meant to be a great opportunity for me?
When it comes to dating, is self-confidence overrated?
Why would a narcissist discard a best friend that was loyal and supportive?
Can I say hello to this guy that lives in the same city, or should I just ignore him like he and I have been ignoring each other.
Why do people act differently?
Why do people get louder when talking on the phone?
Should I give my mother a ride on Friday nights and Sunday nights from her work?
How do I stop caring about what everyone thinks about me?
What does it mean if my dad always ignores my mum when she’s speaking to him?
Will ignoring a person make them angry?
I was invited by a German girl for birthday - I had to say no initially - but she tried to convince me on WhatsApp to come. What could be the reason?
What are the signs a guy is interested in dating me?
When people ask a question then begin speaking before you're done answering, is this personal?
What do you do if you want to be with someone who would tell you that they will try but that you could never match or replace their ex?
Why do my "friends" exclude me?
Why are Canadians seen as overly nice people?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
How do I find Russians for Friendship in Goa?
How can you tell if a stranger (guy) is sexually attracted to you?
What are ways to handle disrespectful people?
How do I make my friend understand that he has fallen for the QNet scam?
Why does she call me her “gay best friend” even if I'm straight?
I like someone, but I hate to admit it. What should I do?
Is it okay to lie to a liar?
Why don't some people appreciate others when they are good at something?
There is this girl on social media whom I really like, but I have never really talked to her either online or IRL. How do I approach her?
How can I get over my shy nature and make friends with strangers?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How many friends do you have on Facebook and how many of them are your close friends?
How can I stop my urge for sex when I see any beautiful or sexy girl passing by me in my aquantaince or friend circle? My dream is to become an IAS.
How can someone find protection from someone else who uses the justice system to punish another person at will?
What are some good comebacks for when a man calls you honey or sweetheart?
What was the last message from your friend?
What is the likelihood that if a guy and his female friend shared a hotel room abroad that he would try to have sex with her?
How do I deal with people who know my secrets and blackmail/insult me in public?
Why should you talk to your ex just because he noticed and liked something in your profile on WhatsApp?
How do you remove all the messages and replies immediately?
What does it mean when a man calls you yummy?
Where can we get the “Friends ’til the End” book in PDF?
How often do you feel stupid around your colleagues?
What is the most funny or awkward situation you've been in that resulted from an email being sent to the wrong person?
Why did my crush look at me, as if he were searching for something on my demeanor, when I passed by him?
I met a girl on a dating app, but saw her friend, and she is much cuter. How do I get her to hook me up with her friend?
Should I double text her after she said she was going to text me back, 2 days ago?
Is it possible to judge other people's personality without meeting them or talking with them? (by looking at their faces or how they dressed)
How do I write a conversation between girl and a boy who meet for the first time through a common friend? (they meet in a coffee shop)
How can I reconcile with my bestfriend? My girl best friend is giving me a cold shoulder after I slept with my boyfriend.
If a guy friend has asked you to travel with him, do you assume it's safe to ask him to travel with you?
My parents don't talk to me anymore. They don’t even allow my siblings to contact me. What can I do?
What does it mean if you don't matter to her?
How can I find out if one of my friend has two numbers?
Why do Bengalis always behave like snobs?
Which do you enjoy talking about the most, food, music, or entertainment?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
How do I deal with a narcissistic mother who is manipulative, verbally toxic, arrogant, self-absorbed and who gaslights others?
Are friends overrated? Do you need more than a few close ones?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she was expecting to feel something but she didn't feel anything?
What's a polite way of saying "fuck my luck"?
What does it mean when my Chinese female friend texts her other guy close friend that she is by herself in the mall while she was actually with me?
How do I get rid of the nervousness of meeting new people?
Is it rude for your girlfriend's family to speak amongst themselves in a language you don't understand at a dinner gathering, excluding just you?
How do people flirt after being out of the dating scene for a long time? Do people still flirt?
What does it mean when my male friend avoids eye contact with me, especially when his girlfriend is around?
Have you ever been drained in a sense where someone took a part of you with them?
How can I tell my crush's friend to help me and my crush get together (her friend knows that I like her)?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Has a male ever blocked any gal?
In what ways can you confess to someone?
How do I approach a stranger guy? I am very introverted and always tongue tied.
How do I ask my friend something without him knowing my friend told me?
What if you are friends with a guy, but you don’t talk?
How can I organize a weekend trip with people that don't know each other?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
If all of my skills and strengths are non-technical, such as communication, presentation, interpersonal skill and English, which MBA would be the best for me?
When you are constantly thinking of someone, yet you feel like he/she does not feel the same way, what should you do?
My fiancé and I never get along anymore, what should I do?
How can I overcome shyness when talking to strangers (read details)?
Why do some people look at me like I'm crazy for preferring canine company over that of humans, as dogs act more caring than a lot of people?
Your boyfriend asks you to drop the people who don't like him, although they are your main support. Does it sound controlling or is it expected?
Is there anything you would like to say to someone before dying?
Why does it hurt when someone you care about the most asks you to leave?
What do the lyrics of "Say You Won’t Let Go", by James Arthur, mean?
If a guy has no interest in seeing you, but is still interested in talking to you, what does that mean?
How can I talk to my crush who is in grade 12 and I am I grade 10? Because he makes the first move and I keep shutting him down and end up regretting it.
Why do girls gossip about it to their friends after they reject a guy?
Why does he cut the call on hearing my name?
How do I talk to a girl who is always around their friends?
What are you doing to help other people? (It can be any type of help, to anyone.)
If you break up with someone but they keep in touch, what does this mean?
Should we acknowledge others?
Why is it so hard to express my true feeling without coming off rude or too emotional?
How do you keep yourself from getting jealous of people who you think have cooler lives or are doing better things than you?
How do I uninvite someone?
What should I do guys? I and my father had a discussion today, and he said “leave the house and earn your living”.
Is an honest approach a good way to get with a girl?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Am I supposed to feel awkward in a relationship?
Is offensive name calling normal in a relationship? To me, it hurts and I don't know how to explain what I feel.
My son is worried about WW3. What should I tell him?
How do I recognize when a guy's talking nicely instead of mistaking it for flirting?
Why can't my husband look into my eyes when we talk?
How do I deal with not having my friends around?
Why do guys flirt and show they care at first and then move on after they show an interest?
What are some memorable or funny conversations you have had with, or overheard from, a synesthete?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
As an INTJ, why do I feel like cutting the most important people out of my life (friends and family), just to be alone?
How often should friends get in touch with you?
Is anyone in London free to hang out on the 2nd and 3rd of June?
What should be a child's best response when their father slaps them in front of others?
People say that there is some problem with my gait. How can I improve it?
How helpful is therapy for grief and insecurity in friendships/relationships?
What are some cute questions to ask someone?
How can I start a conversation with a lady I admire? I feel so shy to talk to her.
How do I respond when someone asks, “What did I do to deserve you?”
How do you call someone that never takes initiatives, but live life as it is?
When and how did you discover you were attractive?
What do sad people expect from others?
Is the guy into you if he tells you his entire day daily?
How do you fix a friendship between 2 people?
How do I find it easier to flirt?
Did someone vow never to talk to you again?
I'm 26 and I have no social life. Is there a point in living? Meeting people is impossible. I'm so lonely.
I've liked one girl for 9 years. I found out that a life-long friend also likes her now. Do I back off for my friend or go after her?
What would you do if your girlfriend talks to her friend in their native language in front of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Is it wrong to dislike visiting your family and instead feel like chilling with friends instead?
Is it wrong to hate paying for your relatives (especially the elderly ones) and instead rather hang out with friends?
Why is it that looks are so important that even if you're a great person you get no attention just because there's someone better looking with you?
How do I delete an anonymous question that I accidentally put up on Quora?
Is high school really as tough as people say?
I find no reason and interest to be alive. I am living according to others and have no say in anything. Is it normal?
I'm trying to move on from my best friend who has a boyfriend but I can't, what should I do?
How do you deal with someone you've wronged twenty years ago but still hates you?
Why does my FWB get jealous when I casually talk about other guys?
How do you not care when your ex finds someone 'better' than you?
I always feel like my gf is not telling me something, how can I ask her?
Have you ever met a Qoura fan in public? What was it like?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
What would be your reply if someone you loved said, 'Hmmm' when you really wanted to speak more?
Why is it that a man thinks it's ok to have photos and videos open on all sites and thinks he needs over a thousand friends on Facebook?
How do you stop someone from occupying space in your mind?
Is it wrong to ask out a girl that I know doesn't like me back?
How do gay people turn down unwanted attention?
Is it true that men are sexually attracted to most of their female friends?
What does it mean when a guy flirts (kind of?) with my friend but then spends most of his time with me and 99% of the time only shows interest in me?
Why won't a girl whom I liked and who has blown me off leave me alone, even when I have told her we can never be friends?
What do guys get by seeing at girls private parts? Why do they do so? Any logical answers?
What does it mean when a guy is always staring at you (he is my coworker and I can feel him staring)?
Is it normal to have a crush on a girl you met just three days ago?
How should you react if a person stronger than you in all aspects tries to hurt you and causes trouble?
How do I find out if one of my friends on friend list have two?
What should someone do in a pub in order to make you approach, or to at least make you put an eye on them/have your attention?
What am I supposed to do about my little sister (7) being ashamed of her legs?
Up to what sense is it true that when a person is fed up of his/her family they either study too much or they do some wrong business?
A girl in my class has accused me of something I didn't do. She turns people against me and won't talk to me. What should I do?
Should I do foreplay with my friend? She doesn't have any problem, but will it be morally correct?
Why do people take friendship seriously?
How do you deal with annoying friends/relatives who are attached and married and comment on your singlehood status?
What is the best thing to say to someone who is crying?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I only talk to a girl when she starts the conversation. Will that make me an arrogant before her?
Why do people, even your close friends and family, enjoy it when you fail miserably?
How can I track an order placed by someone else on behalf of me?
When a guy you have never seen gets your number, contacts you, knows everything about you, and says that he likes you, what does this mean?
If you could kill someone that you really hate, how would you do it?
How can a woman flirt? What are the best phrases and actions?
How can I get my friend to depilate?
What does it mean when a guy texts “have a nice day” after a day of silence?
What can I do or say to get him back with the same amount of hurt as he has hurt me?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How can I convert my friend to be my best friend?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
How can humans get along with the environment?
A stranger says to you, “Hey, I need a hug right now.” What would you do? Why?
This article says it’s okay to be needy for girls. Is it also okay for guys? What do you think?
On your last day on earth, will the person you became meet the person you could have become?
Can Islamic sects at least agree to talk about stop killing each other?
How do you know if someone is a frenemy?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
Why a guy hide his face with his hand while sitting?
How do you feel about people calling you by your last name?
How can you tell if a child/person is autistic when you meet them?
How can I tell if my friends are jealous because they always complain on me?
What is the funniest thing you or someone has said during a serious time?
How can I lose my shy attitude and become more friendly and talkative?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do I get over someone that means a lot to me?
Is it a good idea to tell a person that you're gonna ask them out before you ask them out?
How do I go from platonic cuddling with my friend to more?
How do I find out whether a girl smokes? I'm too shy to ask her.
How do I engage in free flowing conversation with people?
How can a guy increase his flirting skills?
How can I make interest in something I'm not interested?
What's it called when you care about someone to the extent that their well-being affects that of someone you care about directly?
Why does everyone talk about how good LeadGrabber Pro is but never ever mention if any of the harvested emails convert to a sale?
My ex didn't call me after I texted that I regret dumping him and wanted to talk, but he still likes my pictures. I'm confused. Should I give him more space?
How do I stop hurting my friends and family?
If a celeberty is nice to the paparazzi, do they bother him/her less?
How can you be more social and outgoing and have more friends when you're really shy and antisocial?
If good social skills are required in order to make friends, then how come some people that might not be friendly still manage to have friends?
How would you describe what it is like to live in Morro Bay to someone who has never been there?
Is it normal if I feel like I don't have any real friend?
I had coffee with my friend, her friend came too. Why did my friend keep prompting me to tell her friend about my embarrassing but funny stories?
How do you win back your beloved when she appears to care nothing about you?
In Spanish language, how would you say "People say that it isn't as good as it used to be, but it still makes me laugh?"
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How is it possible that I can dream conversations I have never had with people I know in great detail?
There is this girl I like. She has a friend that likes me. Today she told me some shocking stuff about the girl I like. Is she lying?
How can I make people comfortable with me?
How can you start trusting people again when you have serious trust issue and stop lying to them?
Have you made any friends on Quora, like ones that you have met up with?
A guy friend asked me to the graduation dance, but I don't like him that way. I also don't want to hurt his feelings, so should I just go with him?
Why do we ignore our relatives?
Why is it that I always attract narcissistic and self absorbed people even though I'm a really sweet and loving person?
How do I stop feeling insecure when walking in makeup stores?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
Why a fwb would act jealous when I talk innocently about other guys?
When someone talks to you but is disturbing you, what is the most polite way to get them to stop?
Why don't men ask questions?
How can I reply to a flirty text?
What is "what you should do?"
How do I stop being bullied in high school and stop talking to bullies?
How do I let my stalker know that I have a concealed carry permit so that he will leave me alone? I just want to scare him off; I would never hurt him.
What should I do if my crush knows about me and makes fun of this thing?
When I told my mom I thought I had ADHD and told her some of the symptoms, she said I was just making excuses to be lazy. What should I do?
How come he never texts first?
When you are hurt, is sending a hate text to the person who had hurt you anonymously wrong?
How does it feel when someone close to you kills themselves?
What if my relatives come to my abode and they are really irritating? What can I do to make them behave less abhorrently?
What do I do in a scenario when I buy something underage and am asked for an ID?
How should I behave when at a friend's party and everyone is eating, but I am not eating because of health conditions?
What are some of the funniest, yet mean insults?
Why do people make fun of me when I shoot a basketball?
What does trust actual mean?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Why do I picture and see in my mind everything that somebody says to me?
How do I deal with people taking the credit for others’ work or copying mails and pretending they did it?
Why are the displacements I get with FLAC (solve for) so different when compared to Rocscience RS2? I'm talking about slope modelling.
How do I get my sister to stop talking to me about God?
There's this girl that keeps staring in my direction in every class we have together. I try to avoid eye contact with her. Does she like me?
How do you actually convince people who are suffering to open up about it and get help?
How important is face to face communication, and why?
Why do I constantly think about someone who doesn't care about me?
What are the essentials of the perfect apology?
Why does my mom always act offended when I choose to spend time with other people?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
How can I show him that I really like him without him thinking that I'm lying or just being a stupid teenager?
What behaviour is considered normal in your country but is considered rude in other country?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
I am chatting with an American guy I met through reddit text strangers community. Is it a good idea?
Why do I fall for anyone who treats me nicely or pays the slightest bit of extra attention to me?
What would you tell someone who was betrayed by the only person they trusted, and therefore can't trust or connect with others anymore?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
How do I get revenge on people who ignored me for no reason, like I didn’t even exist?
How do I make new friends?
Why do people frequently ask me, "When did you first realize you were gay?" I am not sure how to answer, and why would they want to know that?
How do you convince yourself to walk away when you start fighting with a stranger on the internet?
What is the most attractive thing somebody said/did for/to you?
Is it okay to be single? Sometimes my friends make fun of me and I am self-centred.
How do you make a trustworthy friend after age 50?
Why do a lot of people walk around with very serious expressions but instantly change into this "fake" happy mode whenever they see you?
What's wrong with being a loner and not meeting people for a long time? Is that so bad? What is wrong? What could I do?
Is it possible to make friends with strangers you don't know online?
How long does an OK Go meet and greet last for one person/a group of people meeting them?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
I have close friends, but no best friend whom I can trust with the bottom of my heart. I'm 17. Will there be a possibility when I enter university?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
I have stopped talking to my friend to concentrate on my studies. Am I doing the right thing?
Why do my friends take so long to respond to Facebook messages? It takes them 48 hours to respond, but our in-person relationship is solid.
I feel like I'm too extroverted. How do I talk less?
Why is it that we always tend to run after those things that do not and never will belong to us?
How do I negotiate with a conman who have cheated me earlier?
My advisor told me I am fired. Should I continue working with him?
I asked a girl out in my class and she said maybe. She also gave me her number over Snapchat. What should I do now?
If you were a principled person, what do you do if you're working with someone who is deceitful and plays dirty?
What should I do when my spouse's daily habits trouble me a lot and even after telling him he does not take care?
Have you ever met a fan?
How can I know if she likes me or not? When I talk to her she just smiles and looks away she doesn't say anything.
My friend posted something on Facebook that said, "if you text me just to ask how my kid and I are doing I won't text back." Why?
My mom always says that I do not have enough potential or capability to do anything in life. This demotivates me a lot. What should I do?
What does it mean if a guy always favor a girl?
How can I stop my dad from verbally putting me down and making fun of me?
I have never exerted any effort to get to know anyone, and this doesn't feel healthy to me. I want to make good connections. How do I approach people?
How do I get away with the obsession of talking to someone?
What are some gestures that we think nobody will understand, but they can understand it?
Have you ever been approached by a follower in real life? If so, what was it like? If not, what would you think if you did get approached?
Why should you never ask out a friend of a girl that rejected you?
When should a girl ask to define the relationship to avoid being strung along?
Is it okay to be rude to someone or to lie about your feelings to that someone?
How can I get some dignity and respect for myself by not going after somebody who doesn't want to be with me?
How do I stop caring what people think and be my complete self?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you during college days. That’s why I didn't come near you"?
What does this mean (from the book how to talk to anyone)?
Why is it that, when I get close to a girl, I push them away?
Why do we say hi and good morning?
What should I do about an annoying teacher?
At what point is it appropriate to ask someone to sign an NDA?
What made you stop idolizing someone?
How can you tell that a women is interested in you and wants you to make the first move?
Is it really embarrassing for a guy if he taps out to a female in an MMA match?
Mom is moving to another state to be with me when I go to college. She says she wouldn't let me hang out with my friends when I do. How do I argue with this?
How do I respond when a friend insults my religion?
Am I the only person who likes Autotune?
At what time do you become mature, which means you are unique and don’t get affected by immature and foolish people around you?
Why is it that, when my one guy friend and I hang out, we seem to always hang out for 7+hours at a time?
How do I know if my friend uninstalled hike?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I've been called "funny without trying" and I don't know what that means. What does that mean?
If I ask you "how do you like them apples", do you suppose I'm referring to my testicles?
When was the last time you thanked your parents?
People, especially other girls, stare at me excessively. How should I deal with them?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
How is that person or people who left you when had failed? Where are they and where are you now?
How does a girl flirt over text?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
Why do guys seem like they lose interest in me when I'm actually nice and show interest back?
How can I show through my body language that I still care about my crush?
Is Roger Federer such a nice guy?
How do I not message my girl friend "too much" and not be clingy?
What do you do when you see strangers in the To: field?
How did you act when you developed a crush?
How do you maintain a natural eye contact? Sometimes I look away on purpose just to break off the tense feeling from it.
Does Michael Scheuer have valid arguements or does he just want to spread disinformation?
Is talking to terrorists actually an effective way to put an end to terrorism? This question has always lingered on my mind.
What does it mean if guys read but didn't reply for 3 days?
How can I add someone onto famousbirthdays.com?
Whenever someone tells me what to do, why I might to be filled with the unstoppable drive to do the exact opposite?
How do people deal with PDMM?
What does it mean if a guy says "I had a crush on you earlier, that is why I didn’t come near you"?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Why do you feel bad about the way you look?
Why do girls who are just friends start getting possessive when they start liking their guy friend?
Why do I want to be skinnier than my friends?
Would you lie in a situation where telling the truth is too good to be true? You might get yourself into big trouble if you're caught.
How do you know if a girl cares about you when she knows you're mad at her?
How can I tell if he liked what he felt when he put his finger inside of me?
What does it mean when a guy says that you have the sweet look and a killer smile?
What is the best reply to people who ask me what my plan is after engineering?
I’m emotionally detached from my parents because of times when they berated whenever I make mistakes and they always assume the worst of me. Am I overreacting?
Can you define a person's personality by the way he/she wears a watch?
What does it mean when someone says "take my advice, don't listen to me"?
What would be your reaction if someone made fun of another's life?
Why are people so easily misled?
How do I confess my deep feeling to my guy genuinely without being dramatic?
What does it mean if someone always complains about things?
Why can't I keep friends?
How do I manage my friends to make a Goa trip without getting canceled at the last moment?
Why was a man asking me for a straw?
How do I know if any of my friend are in a specific group that I already joined?
If two Truecaller users are talking to each other, will both of the profiles show that they are online in the app?
Were you ever approached by a foreign agent asking you to do something wrong?
I'm gay, how do I come out?
What do you think about trust and trusting people? (This is a very broad question so answer as openly as you want)
If you could talk face to face with anyone you like, but are only given 2 minutes, who would you choose and what would you ask or tell them?
The girl next door is loud and obnoxious, especially in the mornings. It seems she wants to disturb me. How do you deal with someone like that?
How do I know if the woman I met is scamming me?
What does it mean when someone doesn't let their emotions show?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If you could have a conversation with God for 2 hours, what would you say?
Why do we worship Shiva when we haven't met or experienced him?
How can I handle irritating people in exams?
Sometimes I feel like I say the wrong thing or I don't say the right thing when I'm supposed to how can I improve my social skills?
Can I chat with someone privately that I'm not yet friends with without anyone seeing the chat?
How do I introduce my friends to my other group of friends (without being weird)?
Is depending on other people harmful?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Is it possible to have a platonic friend of opposite sex to read, converse and cuddle with? Why?
Why science students are so arrogant and rude?
When someone asks where you are from, how do you respond?
If the pimp gives you the option to choose girls who are totally HIV negative, he genuinely wants your safety. Would you give him repeat business?
My boyfriend really thinks I have it all that he never want to listen to my insecurities, to the point that he would scold me. What should I do?
Why did my crush giggle at me when he saw I was the one taking a picture for him and my friend?
When you first talked to your partner how did he react?
Hypothetically, should I tell my boss someone may be calling him from the company I just interviewed with?
Why is a Gemini ignoring me?
Why does someone behave rudely to you?
How do I calm my best friend when she's crying like "wooah," and she won’t tell me the reason either?
When you are asked for money by a stranger what do you do?
I have a boyfriend but I flirted with another guy. Should I tell him?
Why do people stick to their vices even though they know they're bad for them?
If you had a chance to meet somebody from the past, who would it be? Not someone that you have known in person.
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
How do I let my enemies know that I know their feelings towards me?
What should guys know about women to stop being afraid of approaching them?
How can you tell if a guy just spends time with you to be nice?
How do I talk a rape victim out of trauma? I know a girl who was raped by her boyfriend and she thinks it is her fault. How do I help her?
Why don't girls make me their friend?
Is talking with a more bitch version of yourself in your head normal?
How does a 62-year-old widow meet a decent guy?
How can I make and keep friends without coming off as desperate and needy?
A guy asked me if I chew gum, and when I asked him, 'Why? ' he said he needed information? What is that about?
What beautiful lines do you tell your girlfriend who treats you as her best friend?
How do you deal with adult sibling rivalry? Jealousy and put-downs.
Why do people act mean?
What does it mean if a girl tells me she is not interested and that she wants to stay away from me?
Have you ever been gripped with passion/lust for someone you barely know?
Can me and a friend legally set up a stand on a school playground if we don't go to the school?
What's the best way of making friends in a foreign city?
What are the best places for School friends get together in Trivandrum?
Is there a place online where you can really talk about the complex issues in life, a very engaging website?
Do outgoing guys get scared of talking to girls they like, and does staring without looking away indicate attraction?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
How can I see if my guy friend/crush likes me?
You borrowed your friend's mother's car and damaged it. She asks you to pay the $500 deductible. What would you do?
How does it feel to be able to talk to anyone?
What should we do when sorry doesn't work?
What should I do if a girl flirts with me?
What are alternative ways of meeting people beside apps in cities you don’t know?
What does it mean when a guy offers you his t-shirt?
What shall I do if somebody is threatening me with videos where I did private talk to my friends?
What should I do about my "best friend" who only seems to care about our friendship half of the time?
How would you react if a man grabbed your butt?
I don't have any male friend like every girl has. Is it so why I am mostly ignored?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
How will you make others remember you and have them repeatedly come to you?
Why is that some people do not rely on probability and think its nonsense?
What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later and he never does?
My close friend and crush asked me to wait and see if she also feels the same way. What should I do?
How do narcissists respond, when confronted by a supplier's partner? Would she be more likely to deny it and say we are just friends or be boastful?
What is the most philosophical thing that someone has ever told you?
Why do people who ignore others become angry when people ignore them?
Why does it seem so hard for most people to accept and respect the right of others to think and believe as they choose?
How can I deal with a best friend who is saying she is busy but finding time for something else?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him, but have known him (texting) for over a year.
I really like this girl. We've been close friends for a year. She has a boyfriend, who is moving to another country in August. What do I do?
What does it mean when your friend asks the guy you're talking to what he thinks about you and he says it's different?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How do I tell a person that I am not interested in chatting without hurting their feelings?
If guys had to help a female friend zip up the last couple inches of her dress, would it make them uncomfortable?
How did the people you consider family and friends react when you came out?
What would happen if I start ignoring my "friend"?
How can I talk to someone from the Facebook office?
How do I deal with people who talk about us (with NPD) like we're alien lifeforms or predatory animals? It's so hard sometimes.
Can a straightforward person deal with office politics?
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
Do people who say they are technically single but their heart is stolen by someone they can't call their own ever move on?
How should I react when my toxic friends blame me as "cold-hearted" and "betraying" our long term frienship when I choose to leave them?
Why do I find it easy to make eye contact at first, but then it becomes extremely uncomfortable after a while?
Why can’t some people talk correctly to others? Even they don’t have problems.
Why do some people trust everyone?
How do I come across as less intimidating?
Are people more independent than ever?
Why are dyslexics not good at communicating and relating to others?
What lies was Robert Kennedy exposing that got the Palestinians and the British very, very upset and had him murdered?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
How do you cope when your heart wants one type of person, but your penis wants another?
Why do we hang with toxic friends just because we've known them for so long? When did you realize your friends were just bad for you?
What would you say to someone who asserts that words are only ever "just words" and that actions alone have power?
How can you understand someone’s opinion about you by looking at their body language?
What should you never say to a programmer?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
How do you respond when the deli clerk is rude to you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
My best friend lost her mother and then her father in a span of 4 years. She has now turned cold, she never talks about it. How do I help her?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How do I move on from the guy I was exclusively dating?
Why do I get constantly ignored by others in conversation?
A person remains confused and always wishes to have more. In short, there is no contentment. How do you make her/him convinced or satisfied?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
My tutor always tells me personal details about himself, opens the door for me, & treats me more like a friend than a student. Is he attracted to me?
What's with a man who has had 4 dates with me and says he wants to see me again soon but doesn't talk or text me during the week?
How do I verbally emasculate a man who always degrades me?
How do you deal with someone (female) who thinks they understand the male psyche and can control it from past experience?
How do you deal with a fiance who has trust issues because of his past?
Why did you apologize for Elbowgate?
My best friend isn't what she used to be. How can I deal with that?
What do you do when someone whom you trust blindly cheats on you?
Did you ever have any enemies? What would you like to say to them or how would you react to them if you meet them now?
I kind of like this girl, but I don't know if she likes me. How can I ask her without embarrassing myself?
What are some examples of rough humour that American men would share with their male friends but not with the females in their lives?
What can I do to get people to notice I need help?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
If you ask a girl in a public library if she has a boyfriend and she tells you she’s not going to answer that, what does it mean?
How do I really know if I am interested in CA or not?
I feel different from people at work and school. What can I do?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Is walking away from a potential fight or argument considered immature?
If your friend asks you, "What is Quora," how will you explain it to him/her?
How do I deal with loneliness when the person you trusted dumps you and turns everyone against you?
What do I do when a guy I like, but have never met is moving away? We are in the same profession.
How did you react when your child or someone else told you they were LGBT?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
What do you think an abusive person looks like? What are your own personal opinions of how a bad person would appear/behave?
Is there a simple way to send a special attention sound to my friend?
What would you do if your friend hit you in public?
Why is saying sorry not accepted by people?
Is there any way to poison a roommate's pet without being discovered?
Do you think friendship is a part of our destiny?
How do I deal with my mom finding out I fap?
If I use someone's IP to tell them where they are (they asked me to) is it illegal?
How many people does the average person meet in their life?
I like this guy and he noticed me looking at him and he keeps pointing to me and saying something to his friends. Is he calling me weird?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
I am a 25-year-old female with systemic sclerosis, and I have no friends. What can I do in order to go out to enjoy myself, as my parents don't want to go for dinner or a holiday?
Do boys share with their friends about the girl who they like?
I've always been terrible at standing up for myself when people argue with me. How do I better stand up for myself and my self-esteem?
How do I reply when someone asks "choli ke peeche kya h"?
How do I deal with a so-called friend who always talks about fear and tension during exams?
How should I react to racist comments?
I like a guy who is not like most other guys. He is also 2 years older than me. How can I tell if he likes me back?
If the girl you were dating had fooled around with one of your acquaintances or friends in the past, would this be a problem for you?
How do I convince someone that the greatest issue facing the world is indifference?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does ignoring street beggars make you a bad person? There is one young man outside my building each day. Is it better to tell them to get a job?
I’ve been talking to this guy for about three months, but I have noticed that he still talks to other girls. Should I ask him where we are going? Is it too soon?
Why does this guy glancing and staring at me although he knows I've been already taken?
Is impressing everyone necessary?
Why is it important to work hard in school? All people say to me about this is that it gets you a diploma and sometimes a career, but that is overused.
Why is it that no matter how nice others treat me or flirt with me, I always go back to my first crush?
Which is the worst scenario, a boy staring at a girl he knows, from afar with a blank expression or a boy talking and flirting with a girl he knows?
If I traveled to North Korea and started flirting with a woman, would she be interested in me? Or would she hate me?
Why does the universe talk to me?
How do I make new close friends?
Is asking someone an ETA wrong?
How can you tell if an autistic guy likes you?
If a friend repeatedly takes a week to respond to texts, though eventually does respond, saying "Sorry I missed this," what might that mean?
Do you know any adverts which use psychological tricks?
Why is it not good to beat others by slapping them on the face?
How should a girl be treated?
How do I deal with my triggers if they are my parents, my sister and my eldest daughter? (I ask anonymously because I don't want it to get back to them.)
How do I maintain a safe distance between myself and the car in front of me?
This is bad, but I think I seem to have antipathy towards the people I encounter on a routine basis (i.e., coworkers). What can I do to change?
What will you do when someone misunderstands you without trying to know the complete truth or reason?
There is a girl in my class and I have never talked to her and we hang out with different people so no one can introduce me. What do I do? Go for it?
How did you approach telling your family/friends about being queer?
Your spouse calls and states he/she is trapped in a foggy town called Silent Hill. They're complaining of hallucinations. What do you do?
Why does everyone hate me?
How do you motivate normies to list out all the causal factors involved in their decision to update in favor/not in favor of someone?
Why do they like me but don’t come closer?
How do I deal with a unique family?
Why are we tempted to lie so much uncontrollably when talking to a crush?
Do you have any physically ugly friends?
Why can my fat male neighbor with boobs walk down the street with no shirt on but I, a woman, can't?
Are me and my brother the only people in the world who gave our toys real, fully formed personalities?
My gut feeling says that someone is planning to physically assault me. How do I manage this situation?
Do sociopaths try to avoid eye contact?
What is the best way to put an idea in someone's subconscious?
Do narcissts see their friends as "friends" or as competitors?
There's a girl always staring at me in class. I avoid eye contact because it's weird. I never really liked her but I sorta do now. Does she like me?
What should I say to my friend who recently found out that she has diabetes?
I'm in highschool and want to take an abroad summer trip but my mom keeps saying no. We have the money but she won't even discuss it. What do I do?
Why would a friend insult and criticise you frequently?
If I ask someone to let me know to whom and what they're talking about, am I being controlling?
How do you get what you want out of people?
After flashpoint was fixed, how come Barry didn't know Iris and Joe weren't talking but everyone else acted like he was there the whole time?
How can I trust my partner?
What's a good way to encourage someone to start depending on themselves?
How effective is face to face communication?
What if me and my spouse are both active duty and I would like to take advantage of MyCAA scholarship. Would I qualify?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What are some examples of social situations where people with Asperger's find problems?
I'm in high school, and my teacher knows that I've been depressed from family issues, what can I do to get her to talk to me/notice me in class?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How do bad boys approach women?
Why do some guys behave like girls do in a relationship?
My mom won't give me my phone and I feel isolated from a lot of people. How do I get it?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What does it mean if I am not influenced at all by others?
Why do women think you're gay, unfriendly or just rude if you're not hitting on them?
How can I find out if a guy is attracted to me?
After the EMCET in agriculture exam, my friend go a 40,760 rank. What can she do now?
My friend is avoiding me. A friend of hers scolded me for marking her down for peer evaluation as she didn't do her part. What should I do?
I told my brother I wish he would die in a car crash because he has choked me multiple times and he called me a horrible person. Am I?
If you had to give up friendship or happiness, which would you choose?
Why is it that people care so much that they put their problems aside just to focus on me? I do this but I dont know why, and I want to know.
Why doesn't my young female colleague converse with anyone?
What do introvert smart girls like in Indian men?
What are the signs of a person being sorry?
There is a joke about the cat was on the roof referring as an easy way to tell someone that someone died?
How do you possibly forget/forgive when a family member stole valuable & irreplaceable personal belongings?
Why does a narcissist's clique not tell them to get help about their illness and lying when it's obvious theyre serial cheats liars & abusive?
How do I stop thinking everyone is selfish and does not care for what I have to say?
How would you feel if you realize that your friend/colleague is related to someone who was the culprit in an accident causing your plight?
Is it okay to hang out by yourself during breaktime?
How can I stop my friend from being a K-pop hater?
Why is it that when I look in a mirror closely I can see things close to me clearly but things are far distance behind me I can't see clearly?
Has anyone ever met someone who feels "hollow"? It’s like they have no personal stance on anything.
I really want to ask this girl I met recently to go to prom. I knew her since I was 12 but lost touch over the years. Should I ask? (Prom is on June 28.)
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself so bad you never want to leave the house again?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
How do you know when to go out on a first date after you asked someone out?
Can you offer me some advice on asking a girl out on a date?
How can someone stop being a boring person?
My friend needs some cash. He recommended me to take a personal loan on my name & he will pay the EMIs. Should I go for it?
Of course people should not hit people, but what is the man's feminist-sanctioned response when being hit by a woman?
If a girl doesn't feel the same way about a guy, is it wrong for her to give the guy a chance so maybe things can work out?
What is the sweetest thing you've seen a child do?
How can I find out whether the person I talk to online is really an army sodier?
What do people mean when they say that a country has (or doesn't have) a lot of "culture"?
If a girl shows a guy her private parts on the second date, does that mean she is easy?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Why do people say "it's a free country" when they do something rude or impolite?
What if someone is brutally honest in an interview?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Why do tights feel so good on me? I am a guy.
If people hate the truth, should I lie to them?
How do I get more and how do I get girls to look at me and be interested in me?
How do those who can't talk communicate if sign language was not created?
"And I know​ I sin everytime, I let you in." What's the meaning of this line?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Is dealing with your coworkers easy?
What are subtle things women will say to hint at guys?
What is called in a social situation when someone takes a conversation from private to public with the goal of making you look bad in front of others?
My mum constantly posts photos of me on Facebook, how can I get her to stop? I'm sixteen and I've tried telling her to stop but she won't.
What is a nice way to respond people who criticise themselves for gaining weight?
What does it mean when he says “let’s take it slow,” then he suddenly stops calling you? Does it mean that he lost interest?
What is the funniest thing you said to an adult (as a kid)?
How do I handle ignorance from a girl I had sex with?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
Why do guys call girls babe?
What does it mean when a girl uses sarcasm?
What should I do with a person who keeps on trying to communicate to me, even if he or she knows that I do not want that?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
There's a guy who has a crush on me but he flirts with another girl just to get my attention. What should I do?
My friend was close with her grandfather, who died a few weeks ago. She's having trouble coping; what can I say to make her feel better?
What would you do when you like a colleague so bad but dating is not allowed in your office?
How does a person learn to trust again after being disappointed by people they trusted the most?
How can you slowly build up a friendship that develops into a relationship?
Is it ok to feel bad for yourself for not having a lot of friends?
How can I firmly decline my former boss' invitation to a thank-you lunch and convey that I want a "polite hello" relationship?
What do people say when they find out you are LGBTQ?
What does it mean when a guy tells another guy that he’s sexy?
I need to redecorate my hallway. What are the best colours to show warmth and give a good first impression?
Why are people in Dubai are unfriendly?
Do narcissists run away when confronted about their behaviour and have been "found out"?
What are the reasons a guy would share personal family problems with a girl?
What is a respectful way to command attention?
What should I say when I'm calling a girl on Skype that I like? I'm nervous.
How do I deal with friends ignoring me due to their ego?
Do only intelligent people manipulate to get what they want?
Despite being a smart girl and extremely proficient in science and maths, why can't I have a conversation with a boy?
Can you text a person who isn't your friend?
When someone describes another as "worldly", what are they actually saying about that person?
Why is my friend always cancelling trips?
Whom should I tell personal information to and whom should I not tell it to?
Could this guy have a crush on me because he stares at me when I’m not looking, glances at me, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What are some things about aging that nobody tells you?
What suggestions do you have for a 5th grade girl who has trouble making friends?
What is it like for ladies who catch someone peeking through their window when they were nude, or while they were being intimate? Does it turn them on at all?
Who is the most toxic person you've encountered on Overwatch?
How am I supposed to react at people who make fun of themselves?
How have your friends changed you?
Why does the guy I’m dating regard me as bossy?
How should I react when I am being insulted in public mockingly?
Where can I find a Bible?
My parents want me to visit them at my home country every time I take leave from work. Is this broadly considered a reasonable expectation?
Would you say that there's a difference between being needy vs. wanting affection?
What makes any guy, narcissist or psychopath, decide whom to victimize, if it’s a man or a woman?
What should I do if I don't share common interests with my friends?
Is there a word for an acquaintance whose name you do not know?
Is "oh well" commonly used when conversing in Russian? For example: I didn't get the present I wanted for my birthday. Oh well.
What is the best app to find new friends?
Is it okay to compare people?
How do you, as an Indian woman, feel when some random guy approaches you? Are there any personal examples with the woman’s reaction to the situation that can be shared?
What do you say to a lady when you're a half an hour or two late for your first date?
Is there any other way to say “I'm not sure” in English?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
Would you ever consider visiting a guy you met online and is from out of state?
What do you think of making new connections online?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
When was the last time you helped someone less fortunate? Why?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How does it feel to be a kept woman? Do people respect you?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
How can you avoid someone who is persistently annoying you without hurting his or her feelings?
How can I be less sensitive and don't cry when people talk to me?
Who is my strength?
Why was my crush staring at me?
A girl I know intiated texting twice, and always asking about school, does that mean she is interested?
How do you deal with a person who assumes they're always right?
What are the best ways to influence a lady?
Is there any unproud Indian like me? If so, let me know the reasons behind?
What should you do when a woman wants all of your time, but doesn’t want to be intimate?
Is a person not a friend if he only comes to visit when others are coming?
How can I concentrate on eye contact while talking with others?
Both my girlfriend and I are going to be (only slightly) busy this summer. What are ways we could keep in touch?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Is it okay to be naked around one's friends?
How will I respond if someone says I’m beautiful?
You know when you are in a room full of people and you start shaking your leg and others unconsciously start doing it. Can somebody explain this?
When should forgiveness be introduced as a therapeutic goal?
Have you ever held hands or slipped an arm under a friend's arm when you saw an ex- or enemy, to make them jealous? How did the friend take the gesture?
Is Quora your way of expressing yourself and saying things you can't around others and just simply being yourself?
Is it normal to feel like someone is watching you?
How do I get friendly with girls?
What are some conversations you have during your day? (I mean funny ones or weird ones.)
I am seeing a shy guy. After our date we haven't had a normal phone call or a continuous text conversation as before. Is he giving me space?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
What does it mean if a guy asks my pet name?
What can be the best way to say no?
This girl in my class is being rude to me for no reason but I noticed she is trying to be like me over the years, both physically and mentally. Why?
Why I'm always dreaming with a person I like. Is it possible that he might also thinking of me?
What do people underestimate often?
What does a guy think if girls asks for their number?
How can I impress other people?
What is your opinion on if a girl has a male best friend?
My close friend went out with my crush and her friends and told me nothing. Is it what friends always do?
Is it wise to keep in contact with someone that blocked you on Twitter?
Does a guy have a crush on me when he glances at me, stares when I don't look, fixes his hair and gets nervous when I'm around?
What is the best way to state an argument that will affect another person’s status quo without making them feel offended?
What should I do when my mom never says something nice to me?
Can I still meet a good man out there, to start a friendship and see where it leads us?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
Why did my crush leave me on read when I sent him a text, even though he stares at me and tries to get close to me?
What are effective ways to practice communicating mathematical arguments?
How would you convince me that gossip is bad for me?
What kind of people are at your school?
I avoid friends and acquaintances because I feel pressure to entertain them when they're around. What should I do?
How can you save all unknown WhatsApp users?
Can people who qualify civil examination be considered more emotionally intelligent (those who connect with others) than others?
Is it normal for your friends to never sit next to you during class, or does it mean something?
Most of my friends are sharing their life secrets and sad stories to me. They say that my mentality is matching with them. Is there any wrong with me?
Do you think people who definitely ignore rationality (regarding the truth and, to some extent, the intelligence of things) can be trusted?
What is your viewpoint regarding this phrase - You should forgive your friend and accept her apology: "This is what our culture teaches us?
What does it mean when a friend's boyfriend hugs me from behind when she's not around?
What signals do highly successful people send to each other in social situations which others can't parse?
Is it true that if a guy was interested in a girl after a few dates, he would call or text daily?
How do I avoid the feeling of being scared when you join a new job, thinking you wont fit even without trying?
What is the best way to deal what is risky behaviors?
Why can't I stop thinking about my male friend, even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
When we say hello to a girl on Facebook and she doesn't reply, what is going in her mind or attitude? Does this mean she doesn’t want to talk to strangers?
Is it breaking girl code if you like your friend’s crush?
Why are some very smart people so quiet?
How can I help my friend? He is uncomfortable with himself, and our closest friend recently cut ties. He is in a very dark place. I want to help him.
How do I politely ask a friend to reschedule an event, because I want to go to something else?
What should you do when you feel that your colleague or friend is getting more favor or attention or appreciation from your boss or teacher than you?
Describe a facepalm incident when you completely failed to notice romantic hints directed at you?
If a man is grabbing you by the hips and shaking them while he stands over you, is he possibly "steadying you" if you aren't hysterical, just silent?
If someone talks to a cop in the United States, are they contracting with him/her?
What’s the best thing you have ever done for India or for someone else?
What do you do when your ex-friend steals your nationality?
Have you ever had a friend you hate?
Who would be the ultimate best friend in the world?
How do I deal with a close friend moving far away?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
If a person asks if you were originally male or female, does it annoy you or do you not mind? Do you feel comfortable when people ask about it?
How can I help a friend who is having drug problems?
My mom just lost her iPad for the second time in a few months. What should I do?
How do I deal with my disrespectful, angry, and ignorant mother?
Why do I get nervous around new people?
How does a person eat with the back rest inclined towards the person seated behind him?
How can I approach a girl I liked?
How can I know for sure whether I have high-functioning autism? Mental health pros tell me I very likely do not have it, but I want to confirm that.
How do I manage the situation if I said something extremely bad by a slip of the tongue which is the truth?
How do you become a creep?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Is it awkward when one friend/classmate is promoted in military and outrank you? Do you have to refer to him/her as sir?
How do you get two people to agree to meet when both are reluctant?
How should I handle a girl cropping me out of a year book pic on purpose? (please read the “more details” area)
What can I do if we have communication problem in my family?
What projects do you think of when you hear "somebody has to and no one else will"?
How do I deal with others who constantly ridicule me?
If someone never shave, what does he look like at various milestones?
As a woman, what do you think when you’re in public and you see a guy who has an obvious erection?
What should someone call his/her future fiancee/fiance as 'AAP' or 'tum'?
What does it mean when a girl tells you that she'd like to be with you but it doesn't depend much on her will?
How do I befriend a celebrity without him labelling you as a 'fan'?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How do girls feel when they are approached?
How can I tell a girl I'm stalking that I stalk her because I don't have the guts to talk to her?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Why does my iPhone 5s switch to 3G when I call someone or someone calls me?
Why would a guy smile to himself?
How do I not fight with my neighbours?
In what way should I talk to a girl who thinks I am ignoring her?
In Hindi, if we ask somebody what his name is, what should an appropriate reply be?
Is it normal or usual that I don't like people much?
I have a friend who is a guy and when he hugs me it's a lift you off your feet bear hug. What does this mean?
Why do dyslexics struggle to make friends?
Which is the baddest word we can say to another person?
How do you calm your nerve when someone is saying something factually false with total conviction?
Do you have someone in your life who is angry at you and vowed never to talk to you again but it's really hard for you to accept their decision?
What is the most uplifting thing a stranger has ever said to you?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
What kind of person do you dislike?
How can you stay close to a grandchild?
How do you know if you’re a narcissist?
How do I know if a girl is a virgin without asking her uncomfortable questions?
In which countries is not holding the door for the next person considered acceptable but not impolite?
Am I cruel for liking my shit?
Is it bad that I wish I was a girl sometimes?
What questions can one ask to get to know someone better?
What exactly is this ‘bad content’ on Quora everyone keeps talking about?
Theres a school dance on and my friends want to come to my house before. I'm not allowed to go over to anyone or have anyone come to mine. Excuses?
Why would my friend blow up because I didn't answer his calls?
What does it mean when a guy tells you he likes you but doesn’t talk to you after that?
If you accidentally meet your favourite porn star, what will be the first thing you say or do?
Has there ever been a person or people that tried to stop the others from stoning someone to death?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
What do I do if I realize that I'm actually a manipulative jerk without intending to be?
How can someone become polite without seeming fake?
Do Quorans read, judge, and then post subliminal content relating to things by which they are offended? I’m asking for a friend (I mean myself).
I had a cookie at a friends house but now feel weird, what is happening?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Without knowing me and if I asked how to change my life for the better by immediately taking massive action, what would you tell me to do?
She is not talking to her male friends that have feeling for her. I told her I liked her before. Now, she is talking to me again. What is with her?
Why do some people follow people around instead of talking to them?
My mom always expects me to know why I do everything (lie, cry, freak out, etc.) when I don't always know. What do I do?
When the guy I like showed interest in me, I had a panic attack and rejected him. Now he doesn't want to talk to me. Is there a way to fix this?
Is kissing her on the forehead after asking her out a good thing to do?
How do I format the slugline for a scene in which a person stands in a parlor looking through the window at another person?
How do I deal with jealous people if ignoring is not an option?
Why are girls less inclined to be interested in a guy who is interested in her?
How do you keep in touch with members of your family?
Why shouldn’t we beat others?
How can I find my friend’s mobile number on Facebook without asking him?
Who is the dumbest person you've ever met who still had a really great personality?
Can anyone in Europe explain to me which group is the bad guys according to popular opinion: Antifa or Pegida/Legida (and the likes)?
How can you know what friends are following you?
How should an introvert handle losing close friends?
Should I forgive my father even though he destroyed my life?
My friend eats paper and I am worried about him. What should I do?
Why do some people stay with those that treat them badly or even abuse them?
"Listen to your talk today, I realize how wrong I was." Is it correct to say "listen" here? Is it acceptable in every day speech?
How do you cope with teachers insulting you?
Can eye contact be dangerous?
Is it okay to stop sharing with people who don't reciprocate?
What will happen if I distance myself from my boyfriend?
Can someone decide to be homophobic, or does it just happen?
Who do you call an emotional idiot?
Have you ever said "You're dead!" to someone as a threat and meant it?
How do I reply to an insulting person that will leave them speechless?
My boyfriend flirted with another girl and I feel awful, what should I do?
Is there a current, or outdated diagnosis name for having imaginary conversations with a known other person?
How do I search for a particular person when I don't know anything about him other than his name?
Is it okay for me to share my things with other people?
What should I do when somebody is fake calling me from different numbers and talking dirty and very bad to me?
Are guys with small dicks ignored at swinger parties?
Why would a guy want to know my thoughts on what kind of father he would be?
Why do some people say they will never date someone? It's like they think they can predict the future or something.
What should I never do or say in Australia?
Neither of us know of anything that happened, so why does my cat suddenly seem to hate/fear my friend?
Is it okay to talk to yourself to ease your own loneliness?
How do I deal with the deaths of two of my best friends?
How do you say 'Where is she?' in your language?
How can a guy approach a girl if he catches her staring and suddenly looking away when he caught her staring?
How can I upgrade my communication skills as well as my general knowledge to face any GD?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What if you can't do an assignment your therapist wants you to do, like write a letter to someone about your true feelings and burn it?
I gave a girl a note explaining how I felt about her, and we have texted for a while, but she stopped texting me. Should I confront her about this?
What do you consider to be creepy?
How do you tell the difference between a philosopher who is purposefully overcomplicating stuff and one who is telling something deep which is d.t.u.?
So I tend to like guys who have no chance of ever liking me back. And that depresses me alot. How do I deal with it?
How can I get my roommate to talk to me about problems?
Do you hug people?
How can I be nice and not give a care about what other people think at the same time?
Should I warn girls about a guy who has very bad character?
In Russia, how would you say "you're cute" to a girl, and how would you say "you're cute" to a boy?
How do I talk to someone when we are in different grades?
If someone assaulted me because they believed someone else who told them I committed a crime, what would happen?
Why am I always pushed around?
What are the best ways to disprove someone's negative prejudices?
If I approach and talk to a girl and she seems uncomfortable around me, is it my fault or is she just shy?
If a guy says “I don't care” but sometimes it feels like he does care, how can we know his feelings?
Some of my friends call me CJ (like the GTA: San Andreas character). Is it something to be proud of?
Why is it that when someone popular gets the guy/girl, and the other girl/guy doesn't?
How can I make my friends care about me?
How do people hold on for someone before dying?
Is it illegal to take someone's picture without them knowing?
What are some ways to refuse religious stuff (books, messages etc) without being rude?
Why does she stare at me, as if she likes me, but when I text her she talks like a stranger?
Why don't some of my relatives appreciate my help, and why do they already feel entitled to it?
How do you deal with a passive-aggressive partner who seems to start arguments for no reason?
Why do people always use clichés?
How can I deal with a team member who keeps offering to help me do my job?
When is it good not to reveal that someone has hurt us?
How do you give someone your number?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
What should I do if my parents are extremely religious and my friend is going to tell them that I am an atheist? I am so afraid.
How can we know evolution is happening? I know it is and can cite many examples, I'm just curious how others can tell.
How do I ask out a girl at the gym?
Is continuous bad fortune in my business the universe’s way of telling me I'm meant to do something else with my life/career?
My best friend just told me she likes the guy I've liked for a year. What do I do? I'm so hurt.
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
What's the best thing to say to a person, who unintentionally broke something very valuable of yours?
What is to be done if the situation is not in your hands?
Why does a guy keep talking bad about his online dates?
Why do some people always bother us and how can we stop it?
Can an antipathetic and misanthropic person be charismatic?
Are your gender identity and pronouns just something you decide on your own or is it something that needs to result from interaction with others?
What advice would you give to a transgender teen who is nervous about going forward (in terms of family, friends, school, life, etc.)?
How would you react if a coworker pretended to fart on your face when you were bent down by your locker?
What are the main ways of avoiding coming across as rude to other people?
How can you learn about a person's psychology without talking?
Which Quoran are you planning to meet? When and where?
Why do people in the Metropolitan cities rarely make small talks or eye contact but put on their unhappy serious faces?
How do I deal with a friend who is also a part of a group project?
A girl continuously messages me in WhatsApp. How can I know whether the girl is interested in me?
Why did a guy send a picture that said “thinking of you” to me?
Why does he act like he likes me but ignores me?
Should I give more importance to a person beside me or a person living at a far long distance from me?
Why do people keep on asking "how are your studies going"? What would be a befitting reply to stop them?
If a woman (older than me) replies to everything but personal questions, does that mean she doesn't want me in her life?
If you keep talking to someone and that person doesn't pay heed to you, what should you do?
How do I react if someone walks in while talking to myself? How to avoid the embarrassment?
If a friend drops your phone and causes the screen to crack, would you ask them to pay for it?
If you're unemployed and never was employed at the age of 30, and you’re ashamed of it, what do you say to your new friends when they're asking about your job?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I find out if my fiance is engaging in live sex videos when he hides everything?
I think my friend may be depressed. He also brings beer to school. What should I do about this?
What are the signs that someone is jealous of you, but doesn't make it obvious?
Is it normal to feel like you have no friends but actually you have a group of friends?
Why do girls always like you when you're taken?
What's the best way to deal with your lover and closest friend leaving you for your enemy and is now turned against you?
Why are people so flustered of nice people?
If your car or truck could talk, what would we find out about you, or your world?
I have a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and sometimes get the sense that people don't understand what I am saying. Is this normal?
When you finally find a girl that likes you, do you not care about all the other girls that rejected you?
Is it ethical for someone to take something back after some time if you were told to keep it for free?
What does it mean when your female friend texts her other guy friend that she is by herself in the mall while she is actually with you?
What should I do if my father was arrested for solicitation (with a minor in the US) and still lives with us?
How do I become asocial?
How should I ask my boss if I can skip work the next day?
What should I do? He confessed his love to me, but each time he was drunk and called me the next day just to apologize for saying all that.
Can I get a suggestion on someone to talk to regarding chronic pain and suicide?
What is the psychology behind someone who can't participate in a conversation without 'schooling' everyone on the subject?
Why do guys judge girls by their age?
If a guy asks out a girl and she says no and then stops talking to him, should the guy feel like he did something wrong?
What does the convict ask Pip to bring him?
How should I stop being open to a certain person?
How would you react when someone calls a tragic event a false flag in which people you love were hurt or killed?
I am socially awkward with girls. How can I change that?
Are you 'Badmaash'?
How should we keep our hands while talking to others in a standing position?
How do you manage yourself, when you are around lazy and inactive people?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What's the rudest thing a customer did at your work?
How do you convince someone that what they hallucinated was not real?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
When someone is suicidal, why should you stop him/her?
How can someone deal with a bad nickname?
What happens if I punch a person who just called me perverted after only saying 'hello'? If I felt sexually humiliated, can it be self defence?
Is it okay for a family friend to accommodate me upon my arrival in Canada, as I am under the FSW program?
Why do I feel irritated and angered for no reason? I've stopped talking to others altogether
How do you make a guy friend like you?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
What is something you want someone to do for you?
Why am I always texting my friends first? What does this mean?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Why do people care about others in the first place?
Have you ever met anyone with the weirdest name(s)?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Why we say hello when we pick a call?
How can I decode the things/signals my crush is giving me?
A lot of guys told me that they masturbate with my picture. It feels so weird. Should I still talk to them?
What would happen if someone who had agoraphobia hung out with someone with claustrophobia a lot?
All people want is to put down weak people. Why?
How do you change friend groups?
My mom is the nicest person I know, but she always manages to make me infuriatingly mad. I feel guilty and ugly for hurting her. What should I do?
What are different creative ways to say good morning?
What are some of the worst aunty and uncle conversations Indians have had?
Why is Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. not the G.O.A.T? He went 93-0 before taking an L, something no one else will get close to doing.
I feel like I'm in the wrong time, is this normal? Or a word for it at least?
How do you cope with losing a friend?
How can we attract people by speaking to them?
Should I talk about my past life if I meet a new person just as a friend? When I hide, I feel like my life is not good.
A girl I'm living with made up a bunch of lies about me and spread them. I have nowhere else to go, but I can't deal with her lies. What do I do?
How do I accept that some people will not like me?
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
Do the IT employees in India are under a constant insecure feeling of some friends or relatives asking them money?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What's the reason behind closing your eyes when you don't want to talk or are in a bad mood in public?
How can I understand people's feelings?
Is it ok to text a girl you had falling out with?
Why can’t I insult someone when I know he is making a fool of me? Is he doing wrong or is he trying to manipulate me?
How do you use your smile to get away from people?
How do I get more friends in campus?
Why does everybody freak out about the friendzone? Isn't being friends better than nothing?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Is it normal to feel a deep, soul-level connection to a stranger when you look into their eyes, as if you could read into them?
How do I break up with someone who is extremely clingy and needy? We've been dating a few weeks and I have spoken to him about it already, to no avail.
Why does my cat only talk and carry on conversations with me?
How can I address a friend about her neediness?
I am too nice and not assertive enough, so I feel like I always get stomped on. What should I do to change that?
I’m in love with my friend and we're both girls. I want her to talk more and find me interesting. How do I act in order to make her interested in me?
What should I do about my friend's zoophobia?
This guy tells me that he likes me. We have been texting for quite some time. Should I stop texting him first to see if he really means that?
Can I ask something about SAT?
How can I get Jordan Yates to follow me around socially and virtually?
How do I deal with fools and slow people (I don't want to change them but I want to save my time)?
Should I tell this girl I like her for a second time?
In a fight, I hit my best friend. On Sunday is her birthday dinner, to which she uninvited me. She said that we could talk next week. What should I do?
Should I rekindle the friendship or should I just move on?
Whatever happened to the neutron bomb? How come it's never talked about anymore? Is it still considered viable by the U.S. military?
What do you call your friends’ parents?
Is it unfair for me to ask my flatmate to at least tell me when she has guests?
What does it mean when a man says “Let’s take it slow”?
Where can you meet authentically nice people in Miami?
What happens and what should you do if your best friends suddenly started ignoring you?
I'm trying to apologize for breaking my friend’s heart 13 years ago, but after one clarification question, he's no longer responding. Do I give up?
How does feminism approach the mainstream convention of men having to approach women to date and/or partake in other fun activities?
How do narcissists actually harm other people?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
What situation forced you to come out about your sexuality, in front of your parents and family member/friends?
My bf's friend is flirting with me and he is accusing me of doing it, what should I do?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
What are some realistic reasons why an acquaintance who likes you would not want to be friends?
How do I reduce my emotional sensitivity so that I can avoid feeling betrayed when my friends get mad at me?
Can you tell me about something you regret at first but later appreciated doing?
How do I make my niece adjust to her step-mother without any force?
I talk to my girlfriend's friends but she won't make an effort to get to know my friends. If we are to have a future, what should I do?
What do you call a girl that is only around to benefit off you or others and she think’s its okay?
What does it mean when a man says he can feel a woman from a distance?
My coworker gave me a very long smiling stare. Now she’s ignoring me. What should I do?
Why does a closed friend never show support for me?
Who is someone you will never forget and why?
Why is my ex bothering to apologize after all the hurtful things he said and then saying we shouldn't talk for awhile?
How can I have sex with a female I want to with whom I meet everyday but can't talk about it?
How do I prove to my grandparents that I'm not irresponsible?
What does it mean when a guy is loud around me even when no one else is around?
What is the best thing to do when he says he thinks it's time to stop seeing each other?
Is it wrong for me to get annoyed with a friend who is over familiar with my family and friends and never has me around her friends and family?
My crush called me a savage. What does that mean?
What should we do when someone insults a handicapped person?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I like fat girls?
I was beaten because I was protecting someone. Should I tell the truth and rat out my friend?
My friend argues that monogamy is civilized and polyamory is primitive. How can I tell him that he is wrong?
If someone asked to start getting into comics (someone 18+) what's a good place to start?
Have you ever reached out to a friend you haven't talked to in years?
How can I find some foreign friends either in real life or online?
Why do you like your friends?
How is it easy for some people to treat others as if they didn't have feelings?
If you are a shy guy and you got a huge crush on this girl, what can you do to like her and get less timid around her?
My Jewish friend hates all Germans, how can I convince her that they aren't all bad?
What is the best reply to people who ask about what my plan is after engineering?
All my friends like to do is gossip, talk about boys, hook up, and go to parties. I hate all of these things, and I feel like distancing myself from them. What do I do?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
How do I treat a man who only messages me shortly before or after midnight just to tell me good night?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Is there any situation where it would be justified to put someone out of their misery?
Do men feel offended if their women pushed them away?
Have you ever met a Hollywood celebrity? If yes, how? If no, who would you like to meet?
If a guy says, "I don't care," but it sometimes feels like he is caring, how can we get to know his feelings?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
A high schooler says, “I don't like my friends. I don't care about their problems.” What do I do?
What is this "confidence" people speak of?
Is it okay to mail a handwritten card instead of a text to let a guy know that I am thinking of him?
There's a cat who always sleeps near my house. I really want to befriend it. However it seems to run away when it sees me. Any tips to gain its trust?
Why do I make people uncomfortable?
Why should someone not use hand gestures while talking?
What is the weirdest thing a girl can say to a boy?
What does it mean when your crush always texts you first?
Why are there some Mexicans or Central Americans who do not want to talk to me in Spanish, even though I am an Argentinian?
How do manipulators end up in life?
How do you tell someone who is always looking for approval from others, that they should first give themselves recognition?
What's wrong in people who talk and seem to be staring into the void?
How do I avoid my friends who changed me totally?
Can you call someone pathetic if they are a fisherman but they lie and say they're a businessman?
What would Simo Hayha and Carlos Hathcock think if they meet each other?
What do you do when your good friend’s mother is rude to yours?
How do I win over anxiety forever, when it's doing everything to trick me? It seems like if I win over it, it finds a new way to try to trick me.
Are you supposed to be ok with PDA, just because you are a young person?
My sister is very stupid. She is a very dominating asshole. What do I do to get rid of her?
How does it feel to be a girl and be out with your boyfriend and have guys staring at you and checking you out?
Does liking someone for more than two years actually mean you're in love with them?
Why am I not the same person I used to be as a kid? I used to be confident but now I don’t like to hang out with people or meet new people.
Why am I always looking for someone better or different?
How do I escape existensialism? I'm pretty sure it's screwing with ny mind.
How should I react when someone invades my privacy and then complains when I look at them?
What does it mean if she tells that she likes chocolate?
What will a girlfriend feel when a boy has a closed penis?
Why would a guy say he's not interested in a girl, when his actions say otherwise?
What are some phrases and expressions people commonly use while texting (eg: I'm in a meeting, sorry cant talk right now etc)?
Have you criticized your close friend to others behind her back?
Have you ever caught someone masturbating?
What makes someone a real friend?
My family members never get along with each other? What do I do?
What happens when you think about someone a lot?
What should I do to become the actor of my life?
What if someone says "it's my honour"?
If a guy who's known for being quiet and shy goes out of his way to talk to you, does that mean anything?
When should you take things personally?
Do recruiters/DI's get people who make you think "He's going to be the next crazed lone gunman or zodiac killer, we should not be training this guy!"?
Why is it so hard to forgive yourself?
What would you do if a friend of yours tells you that he/she wants to commit suicide?
Why is he trying to prove himself to be the best?
What is the telephone scam that asks "…can you hear me ok…"?
How do you comfort someone who messed up their national exams?
How can I find out if one of my friends has two numbers in their contact information?
Can friends be too busy to stay in touch?
How do I impress someone the first time we meet?
I want to know my IQ, what do I have to do?
I told someone yesterday something I had never told anyone before. Is it weird that instead of feeling lighter and happier I feel heavier?
What are some thoughtful gestures I can do for my close friends?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
What would you do if you allegedly killed your friend despite the fact you aren't the suspect?
What does it mean when a woman keeps blinking her eyes?
How does making fun of subordinates impact results?
By what parameters would people say that a person is good?
How do you get a guy to be interested in seeing you again?
I have fallen for this guy's personality but he is a big time jerk. Is it normal to fall for a jerk's personality?
What does it mean when the guy you like keeps trying to get you to look him in the eyes?
What are the most humiliating stories that you know about your best friends?
How can I seem friendly?
What do you do when your best friend’s boyfriend hates you? I am always nice to him, but he is not quiet about his hatred, so it's awkward and tense.
How do I understand people and their behavious better?
What do the young commonly talk about in the USA?
Is it mean to suddenly leave a group of friends I've been friends with for years?
Why are people never afraid to hurt my feelings?
What do I do when my teammates don't like me?
Why do people not like me around here?
Is it right to tell a person that you unfriended him/her?
How do I repair the relationship with my sister after I said some very mean and abusive things out of anger?
How do you deal with rejection from someone after telling them you are transgender?
How do I deal with guys who act good but are bad in the inside?
Why do people always say, “think big”? What is the reason behind it?
What do you prefer, a best friend or a true friend?
How can you tell if something/someone is sexist?
Now that I've decided that online dating is the worst idea ever, how should I go about meeting nice people in the real world?
Do you call people younger than you sir or ma'am?
What if the media just stopped talking about the little things Donald Trump says? Would it be a more productive conversation? Is it just a distraction.
Why do girls match you on Tinder and, later on, never answer any of your texts? Is it because they are not interested?
My best guy friend is younger than me, and I like him, but we'll be in different schools next year. Should I tell him?
How do I tell a person that she's annoying me all the time without hurting her feelings?
What is the best answer when a woman asks you or just says she believes she's fat?
I am 13. I am realizing that I have no social life. What should I do?
How can you tell when a boy is dating you out of pity?
My grandma’s surgeon comes into the room and my back is to him, but he greets me by touching my mid to lower back. Does that mean he's attracted to me?
What should I do if girls look at me and boys complain that I am so handsome?
My husband is abroad and he is mad at me and he is ignoring me. What can I do?
Your boss is like a good friend but with unnecessary body contact to you such as hook arms, touch shoulders, etc. Should I quit because of it?
Where did the saying “the devil is in the details” originate?
After being introduced, people from the USA are extremely friendly. We just met, it makes me uncomfortable. Is it just me?
How can one, directly connect to people and serve them in the best way?
Can an Indian girl hug a guy even though they are just friends?
I have just completed my MBBS .I want a descent knowledgeable engineering guy to be my friend as I am interested in eng.stuff. what should I do?
Why can’t some people talk properly? How do I win their hearts?
Your best friend tells you they're from the future and has gone back in time to save you from being murdered. What do you do?
How can I meet new people at a bar? I am going alone and I am a bit shy.
Is it right for me to find a girlfriend if I am a somewhat bad person, how could I find someone similar?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How do I learn from my co-workers without being a burden?
If all of my friends smoke and I don't, what can I do that is similar (for example getting a tatto) or something else that is cool as well?
Why do Asian people like to ask someone's religion?
If you lived as a female acrobat would you have been successful at making good first impressions and why?
How do I get my (girl) friend back, after I did wrong?
Should a guy give a make-up kit to his best (girl) friend on her birthday?
What does it mean when someone has a crush on you?
If an acquaintance asked you to hang out and get to know each other, and you were not busy, what are some reasons you would decline the invite?
How do I forget my girl friend, who is ignoring me and who is working in the same office?
Why do people give lengthy and boring answers?
Who want to text me?
Why do smart people have a hard time connecting with people?
Why do people have the passive behavior?
How do I ditch a friend while not hurting his feelings at the same time?
What is the best reply you have ever got?
How can I tell a friend that someone died?
How many times do you go out with someone before having sex?
How do I stop insults?
What is wrong when an Aquarius girl suddenly ignores me?
What should you do with a friend who doesn’t understand you, misunderstands you and blames you for whatever you tell them?
Is it correct to say "call me urgently"?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Have you ever had to do something for the good of someone you loved, even though you knew it meant that they would never speak to you again?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
How do you deal with being told you make everyone into an authority?
How do I tell if someone close to you is spying on you?
What would you do if I ask you out?
What do you do while you are waiting for someone?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What neighborhood in Los Angeles has the most amazing people? i.e they’re talented, friendly, fun, interesting, and it feels like college.
Is he into me when he has an intense look at me and smiles constantly when I'm with him, but usually talks way more about himself than about me?
Why do I dislike being around people?
What do white people mean when they say that someone "acts black"?
What does someone do when they recently understood what they really want to do in life?
How do I respond to the question “Do I know you?” on Facebook?
How do you lose friends and alienate people?
How do you handle leaving a person you will never see again?
Does ignoring a girl really makes her closer to you?
How can I stop letting what other people say about me bring me down?
What signs do you use to find out if a girl/boy likes you?
If immortal (Gods among men) people were real and walked amongst normal people, what would their attitude be towards us?
What are some psychological tricks that can help me strengthen friendships in my group, because my best friend moved away?
What type of people should I not trust in life?
What is a good comeback to someone calling you a slut?
How do you call a person who keeps on asking questions?
Have you ever reached a point where you were no longer interested in hanging out with your "friends"?
Why is it that, when you’re going through some tough stuff, you can't seem to think clearly, talk, and you sometimes look like a freak?
Why is it so important for people to have good friends?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
How do we spiritually respond to an adverse situation, instead of reacting?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Can I trust my boyfriend after he told me he slept with his best friend?
How would people react if NASA says nobody went to the moon? Some may think they lied earlier and are now telling the truth and some may think the opposite.
Is it okay to be jealous if your male friend has other female friends and treats them the same way as he treats you?
I'm about to get a handjob and I'm nervous what should I do?
What kind of a man/boy would accept money from the woman/girl he likes? Must it be bad?
What are good dares to ask over text?
What do you define as a creep?
How can I get along with my host family?
What should you do if the girl you asked out thinks you are going out as friends?
What would happen if nobody thought about himself but only others?
Why am I always interested in girls that aren't interested in me?
What does it mean when a woman practicing Hinduism suddenly places her gold necklace around her right ear while speaking to her priest and her good friend?
He keeps saying that I am his girl or baby, and he needs to constantly make a point that I am his. Why?
Why does the media keep talking about Russia and not the real issues?
How frustrating is it to be obligated to a lot of people?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
What are some of the most reliable ways to determine that someone's assertion states a fact and not merely an opinion?
Is it ever OK to openly tell someone that you are considering dating them just for the sake of experimenting (with relationship styles)?
Does it leave a poor impression to start a conversation with a coworker you like on Facebook than in person?
How should we address transgenders? Should we call them sir or madam if we don't know their name?
How can she think it’s OK to send her child to gay conversion camp?
How do I get to talk to a shy and strange guy?
Are the things that the MGTOWs say about women actually true?
My boy friend and I have very different backgrounds (economically, socially and culturally). Sometimes I feel I deserve better. What should I do?
If someone leads you on, would you consider yourself to be doomed?
What should I do if the guy I like has a girlfriend?
Do girls feel happy when a friend apologizes for his mistake?
What is your opinion of turgid, sanctimonious and patronising people who never get out of their sphere but think they can judge and control people?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What is a sure and practical way of finding out if someone is a narcissist?
What are the signs that a female is just passing time with you?
How do I deal with people who make fun of my looks?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
He is not over his ex and want to stay friends with me? What should I do?
What were one of the awkward situations you faced before?
What's the nicest thing a patient has ever said to you?
How do I refuse his proposal without hurting him?
How do I politely tell a good friend of mine that he talks incessantly about himself and his agenda?
The guy I like is moving away. I never got the chance to get close to him. Should I tell him how I feel before he leaves in a couple of weeks?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Any advice for someone who doesn't chase their dreams because they're afraid of competition?
How do your friends react to your life story?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How can I take great advantage against someone by fear?
Why is it that when I need friends, I feel like I have to have them, but when I talk to them, I lose interest?
Do I have a problem if I don't trust anyone (not even my parents and my friends, literally no one)?
I lost contact with a friend and have only his old number. How do I find him?
Is safe flirting liberating for women?
Why should I be better than someone else, isn't it bad to be better at something than someone else?
Can I be scared of myself (or just a random person)?
Is it possible to define a person in the first meeting?
How do I get my Galaxy Mega 2 out of talk back mode?
What does it mean when my crush is lusting me?
Why do I get worst at social interactions the more I practice?
Can you tell if a narcissist is mirroring you during hoovering?
A guy I used to like passed away by suicide, I think I like a new guy but he painfully looks like the guy that passed away, how do I handle this?
How can I respectfully tell my family to stop treating me like a doormat and treat me as a human being?
How can I become social in a new school?
He saw my private parts and now we talk less. Is he done with me?
How do you stop attracting controlling partners?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
Why did he talk badly about all his online dates?
What do guys mean when they call a girl sweet looking?
Where are we as a society heading towards with people getting "triggered" over the most ridiculous of things? Whatever happened to basic survival?
What does it mean if my boyfriend suddenly cares about his appearance? He didn't really care about how he looked before.
What is someone called who used to be considered an expert in a subject but did not keep pace with their field?
What does it mean when you enter a room, and a guy says, "wow"?
How can a male change his aggressive eyebrows to look more friendly (without being noticeable)?
Does leaving out information count as a lie?
How do you react when all of your friends plan an outing then say to you they have cancelled it when they haven't?
How should a good friend be?
My tutor always opens the door for me, tells me about his personal life, & seems more like a friend. Do you think he has romantic interest in me?
What are some tips for meeting new people and networking with them?
Can we ever say sorry to someone who's totally out of reach? Repentance can't be the answer. Closure and a genuine sorry is needed. But, how?
Isn't there someone I can just email, "Here are my blueprints, here are obviously successful, and original, business ideas —just make it happen"?
Should I talk again to my ex-boyfriend and sort things out?
Why do people say, "don't forget about me when you're famous?"
People ask me if I'm a lesbian and I tell them yes, but I do also like guys just not in an intimate way. What does this mean?
How do I reject someones's idea without hurting them?
How can I remain positive even though some people might try to push me or mess up my day?
How do I know if my coworker is a 'snake'?
What makes a guy like a girl after seeing her a few times, and how can he not like her?
How can you assert superiority (when necessary) over others you would usually get on with as equals, without damaging your relationship?
What are the signs that someone is physically comparing themselves to you?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
How do I tell someone that I like them, if I don't talk to him that much even though I have known him for most of my life?
There's a boy in my class that I like. I always turn and stare at him and ask my friends if they see him stare back but he doesn’t. Could he like me?
What is better, to talk with people less and to not pay any heed to people or to care about them a lot?
I saw a girl on Facebook and instantly got attracted to her. But she doesn't know me at all. Should I send her a friend request?
My friend's mother checked her Hangouts messages. I had been swearing (not towards my friend) and now my friend's mother hates me. What should I do?
I'm 13 and I have a computer repair business, when people meet me they seem not to trust me and walk away. How do I get them to trust me?
Is the inability that many teens and tweens have to foster meaningful relationships a defense mechanism?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
Who is the most terrible person you have ever met?
Why is it said that Triptolemus, being a son of Oceanus and Gaia, is another way to say primordial man, but this is not said about their other children?
What makes a person unphotogenic?
How important is it to have a girlfriend?
Why am I not supposed to be grossed out at the sight of fat people?
For a person to be happy and be able to help others, he needs to think about himself first, then others. Do you agree? What do you think?
How can I tell if the guy I dated is interested in me romantically?
Why won’t my client work with me again?
A girl I know talks to walls, is that bad?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What does "poor eye contact" indicate or imply when noted in a psychological assessment?
What does it mean when you kiss a girl and later she tells you that she didn't feel anything?
How do you get over and continue your studies if you don't have any friends because they hate you?
How do I go to someone else’s profile on the WhatsApp app?
Why did my classmates started respecting me less?
Why should I respect other people's opinions if they're just wrong?
How do you react when someone farts multiple times during a conversation with you?
What does it mean if a guy says "I like you too, you're a great friend" after you tell him you like him?
How can I grow some balls and talk to a girl I like?
What should I do if my mum hates my best friend?
Can someone who doesn't understand how pervasive and arbitrary irrationality is, and still concerns themself with human affairs, not be regarded as a competent person?
Do role models influence someone’s personality?
Is it ok to go on a date with two different people?
Who is sick of people picking on you?
How do you handle a disrespectful teacher?
Should I hang out with someone just because they're lonely?
A girl who has never gone out with a guy before wants to be friends with me. What do guys think of this?
How do Gemini guys deal with their confused behavior?
What is an interesting question to ask to an old person?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
What are some ideas for improving strength at work/college?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
How do I find something that someone has hidden?
Can I trust a man who sexted me? I have never met him but had been knowing (texting) for over a year before he did it.
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Where do you draw the line between being thick skinned and standing up for oneself?
Shouldn't people not make fun of someone regardless of what his or her parents named them?
I currently met this girl we both like each other but she always expects me to communicate with her first, what should I do to draw her attention?
How would you know if you’re chatting/talking to your possible boyfriend?
Why do some people say that the world doesn’t make sense?
Do Indian girls hug guys even though they are just friends?
What should I say to an actor/actress, if I get a chance to meet them? They should remember me after that meeting.
Someone found my sons lost cellphone, and destroyed it. We know who it is, what should we do?
Why do people have children when the world is so cruel and painful?
How do I prove that I did nothing wrong on a writing website if someone took screenshots of something that offended them, and avoid blame at school?
Why do we pay more to people who just talk and talk and have no practical skills, rather than paying people more who do real jobs and produce results?
What are some funny interesting conversation starters you've heard people use?
Have you ever been betrayed by your best friend? Is betrayal a bliss?
What are research topics for research on interpersonal communication?
Does it mean your crush likes you if he always texts you first?
How do I befriend someone without looking desperate?
Why do people not take any interest or give importance to me in my office?
What should I do if my best friend dominates me, tries to control me, and uses me?
How do I stop others from interjecting while I am in conversations?
Everyone's different but do you think most women become jealous when their partner mentions an old gf or talks to a woman who's just a friend?
I don't know how to talk without feeling like I sound like a complete idiot in public. What's wrong with me?
I understand that women are more emotional, but why do they scream when something startles them even when they are alone?
How do I meet new people in Seattle?
How do I learn to talk to males?
Why would you not talk to someone who you know really likes you and who is a kind person inside?
What does it mean when your crush ignores you one day and seems suddenly into you on other days?
Why is it that people treat me well in person and at school, but I get ignored by friends and not invited to parties?
Is it rightful to forgive the narcissist from his / her wrongdoings?
My friend was talking to my crush and my crush said he would never date me. So should I just give up?
Why is that some people are blinded by their own ego and don't listen to others in order to improve?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
Is there any trick to check if a friend is real or fake?
How do I get a girl to like me again?
How can you tell your friend that she has mouth odor, without being rude?
How do I maintain my friendship with my childhood friends after ignoring them for a long time?
I am not special for anyone. No one merely cares about my existence. What should I do to overcome my inferiority complex?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
How should you treat a man who accepted an invitation to have dinner at your house but never responded to your written invitation?
What is it like for someone to have a very close friend or family member who’s weeks away from dying from AIDS?
I hate my friends. What should I do?
What goes on in the heads of those creepy Indian dudes who feel the need to message random girls on random sites?
How can I impress my crush to win her over?
Somebody is demanding information I don't want to give. How do I react without increasing their curiosity and without giving useable information?
How do I make it clear that I want to be friends and nothing more?
What topics are you afraid to talk to your kids about?
What do I do when meeting a girl for the first time?
I'm 20 and I want to make new friends. How can I do this?
In karmic terms, is doing harm to someone, even if they want it or ask for it, going to bring bad karma upon the perpetrator?
Have you ever known someone who consistently gets away with their bad behavior and is never held accountable? Will they ever be exposed to people?
I am not social. I would really like to be, but can't. Is there something I can do?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How does a woman flirt with a man without looking desperate?
What have you ever said or done that sounds exactly like your parents?
Why is "conversation" (4 syllables) suddenly so popular when we can talk or chat? It is pedantic and pretentious.
How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
How do I not get so tired of talking to my friends?
Do true friends really exist?
Why do people have the urge to always be socially correct?
Do narcissists usually have friendships with other narcissists?
Can I message a guy that's ignoring me?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
You can resurrect one philosopher and talk to him or her for a day. Who would you resurrect and what would you ask?
How do women politely decline repeated and relentless strong come-on from a man?
If a girl only Snapchats me a picture of her but never puts it in her story, does it mean she likes me?
Honestly, I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do this summer. I just wanna get out of the house. What are your suggestions?
Why did an Aqua. girl ignore me suddenly? I’m a sagi.
What is the very best way to prepare this bat so as to be able to impress my friends and family at the next company potluck picnic?
How do I reach out to Shuvajit Payne?
When a friend asks “where have you been?”, how should one reply?
How do you get along with or communicate with a self-centred leader who hardly ever listens or understands your opinions?
Materialistic people​ tend to win always. Why would someone who cares for feelings lag behind?
How do I tell a girl that I like fat girls?
Why do some people see my personality as weird but in a good way? And what do they really mean?
My best friend is trans. His mom is very religious & the only reason why she hasn't kicked him out is because he goes to church. How can I help him?
What is like to have friends who are more than a foot shorter than you? Do you guys feel neck pain while talking with short people?
Have you ever liked someone who had a boyfriend? How'd it turn out?
What does it mean when a guy doesn't change in front of you?
Why do I keep looking at news about death? Is there something wrong with me?
If you could hang out with a fellow Quoran (popular or not) in real life, who would you hang out with and why?
How do I get people to do what I want?
How can I make friends among family, if I am a very shy person? I was born 12 years after my parents’ marriage, I feel I have lost a lot.
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Can a person with social interaction difficulties enter an intimate/close relationship? And if so, how?
This girl I've known for 3 years calls me and texts me every day, but I almost never initiate contact. Am I on the back burner?
During an online game, a 'friend' of mine was mad at me and tried to expose my address in chat. What should I do in regards of him?
A friend of mine is missing. Is there any possible way to locate his phone?
What factors create an awkward situation and how can one relish socially in that situation?
How should one respond to family members who don't even contact him?
Why do I like mocking people who mock other people?
Do I actually attract people if I think negatively about them? Why?
What should I do if I found my sister secretly sending nudes to a guy who may or may not be her boyfriend?
Why do people cheat?
Why would it bother a mere acquaintance that you distance yourself from them or want nothing to do with them?
What are the best ways to meet girls in Mexico City?
What do you do when your friend’s mum is rude to yours?
What should a guy do when he realizes on the very next day after his wedding that she is not the right girl because of her short-tempered and immature attitude?
I am shy, and I want to ask my crush if he likes me, without there being any pressure. We are good friends. How should I ask him?
Should I call up my 28yr old son's work & tell them how much of a loser, thief & a liar he is so that he can learn? Would that make me a bad person?
What does it mean when a person says sure?
Why do older people talk louder on the phone when they are calling long distance?
What are some fun things to do when hanging out with friends at home?
How can I approach someone who doesn't know me?
Why do we only share our secrets with our best friends?
Why does someone else’s judgement matter so much to me?
I went on a date with a girl. After the date, we haven't spoken/ texted each other. Is it rude? Shall I text her?
