How can Instacart justify paying their full service shoppers so much?
What is Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
What has been your experience after being financed by CORFO money?
What should I do to be successful before 30?
What are the advantages of a 100% remote job?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
Can I pay someone to fix my value proposition?
How was your experience using the lean startup methodology?
My startup just failed but I have $60000 in savings. Would I be wasting time if I went and got a job instead of trying another startup?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
What are the best ways to advertise a startup?
On which factors do company builders rely to decide on starting a new company?
What plan and strategy is used to lean level by a level lean programming language?
I own an Android phone. Should I build my app idea for Android? or learn iOS instead and release it on iPhone first as it’s more popular for startups?
How can I start leaning cloud?
Which are great companies to work for in pre-sales if I am good at data science?
What do SMBs want from their technology in order to grow their businesses? What is the number one thing they continually ask their IT person that they just can't seem to deliver on?
I have an idea for an app and coding experience, but the project is too large for me to program alone. How should I approach this situation?
Is it OK to be the type of founder that is only involved during the startup stage?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How do you seek validation from your prospective customers?
How do we call out a bad startup accelerator without jeopardizing the startup?
Has anyone personally used Lean Six Sigma as an overall Business Strategy Methodology?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
How long after a startup acquisition is signed does it appear in the news?
What is the best hack/cheapest way to get into business/tech/banking conferences other than volunteering?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into YCombinator?
I have built a pre-launch page to generate curiosity. How do I get more people to sign up on my pre-launch page?
What are the best Facebook groups for learning about and discussing EU startups?
For a new company, how do I set up the finance department?
What is the current state of lean practice within the IT profession?
What are the best hacks to build a lean healthcare startup?
How did Airbnb avoid liability when they implemented their growth hack with craigslist?
What are some great strategies in raising seed?
If you are happy and successful, what are the five actions/events in your life that you most attribute your success to, and that you would want to tell to young college students?
I'm looking for a web developer/CTO for my tech startup in Singapore. Where can I find one?
Can anyone find product/market fit in life?
Should I stop my start-up and go for some other ideas or should i stay on stay on same and work more (see question details)?
What is the best way to mentally prepare to become an entrepreneur?
Will your lean startup be more lean if you work only part-time (as opposed to full-time) for an employer while you bootstrap your startup?
What would it cost to develop and design a website like backpackmoves.com?
What is the best way to validate an app idea online?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean Management?
How can a startup answer the question "what prevents a bigger company from taking your idea?"
What are the essential books and resources on startups and lean startups?
How do you build an exceptional customer support for your early-stage software startup?
What are the best ways we can apply the Lean principles to college education?
What does Gary Vaynerchuck's company VaynerMedia actually do?
I have sellers. How do I market my car classified startup to attract buyers?
What should the CEO of a startup raising Seed have on their business card?
What marketing channels are the most effective for reaching small businesses—10-50 employees in size, to be more specific?
For my MVP, should I hire a full stack developer or front end and back end developers?
Are there recommendable third party accounting services that can provide interim support for a company with $2.25M in annual revenue? At what cost?
How would you go about acquiring your first 100 local customers?
What is tapdaq?
Why are most of tech startups taking UX lightly?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
How do I get a smart Electrical/Electronic engineer for my very specific start-up idea?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
What are some deal killer risks that if left unexamined can kill a startup business?
What is the most cost effective method for budgeting for a startup?
What is the best way to market a small (i.e., one person) consulting business?
In which country should we set up our tech startup - UK or Denmark?
What is a price to open an office in San-Francisco?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
Is it better to go through customer validation first stage or to invest my own money in to app development?
Who are the best European VC funds in SaaS?
Is Facebook the best way to market a tshirt selling startup?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
I need to classify didactic content directed to entrepreneurs to create a curated content platform for internal use. How can I do it?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
Is the the Lean Startup theory presented by Steve Blank most useful on designing startups, or are there better alternatives?
Does Steve Blank's customer development model work for a financial software startup doing wealth management for retail customers?
What are the best tools for startup formation you've found (e.g. sample CapTables, Term Sheets, calculating franchise taxes, etc.)?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
Is lean startup the new business process in the IT industry?
Do technical cofounders usually only focus on coding or also act as a partner in the startup, product and other decisions?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
How do I ensure organizational learning from lean Startup experiments?
What are some important things about IMVU?
We have a startup partnership together with an IT firm. I would like to implement the LEAN concept for the engineers team. How should I proceed?
What is the best method for learning time and work aptitude?
When is the lean startup approach too lean and fails? Do you have any personal example?
Should I launch my app as a minimum viable product, or a full thing with fancy GUI?
How do I become an MVP on Sitecore in a year?
What are some critcisms of the Lean Startup method proposed by Eric Ries?
Which are the top Incubators and Accelerators across every Industries and sectors worldwide?
How do I increase paid signup?
I have a startup idea and I also have developed a basic structure of the app. What should be the next moves?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
What is the best way to test you ideas?
What are the best ways to generate B2B leads on a low budget?
Exactly what is NutraHer Lean?
How many users do you receive when your product is featured by Product Hunt?
If China went to war with the United States & China's first action was to stop all US manufacturing there. Would that destroy the US economy?
Does ovatisol work for lean PCOS?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
How do I create a startup that incorporates Bollywood?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
What is the feasibility of B2B2C SaaS with a social-impact business model?
Is there a UK equivalent of the YC Combinator SAFE document?
What are examples of famous startups that went very lean (i.e. followed closely the key idea of the Lean Startup Methodology)?
How can I incentivize recruiters to make an introduction to decision makers I need to interview for customer discovery and idea validation?
How was SnapChat pitched to investors in the early days? How can a free app guarantee monetary return in their investor's investment?
What survey questions can I ask users to understand if the published content engages/works for them?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
What has your experience been and what lessons did you learn introducing Lean Software Development into your teams and organisations?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
How can I apply Lean Techniques in a classroom innovation process? I'm talking about layouts and technology that could be applied.
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
If you heard of service that would instantly incorporate a startup and handle all its operations for a low monthly fee, what questions would you have?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
What are somethings to consider just before signing a short term sub-lease contract?
What are the first steps in launching a lean manufacturing program?
What is your experience using contentmarketer.io?
Is it good to take college freshers as the first team member for a tech startup that requires extensive amount of planning and programming?
Where I can get summer internship 2017 in Ahmedabad?
Has Terrence Yang ever used the lean startup methodology?
How should I prioritize my Minimum viable product in an online ticketing market where a leader is having 90% share?
How can a startup that sells subscriptions be scaled?
Should I delete inactive users from my “newsletter” email list to keep my email marketing service fees down?
What is the best way for an aspiring entrepreneur to start when you have no business background and are not sure where to start?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
What is the median Flow efficiency index in different industries, especially in software development?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
Is there a growth strategy that I can apply for my startup that allows small business owners to sell their businesses?
What are the things I should consider when I "get out of the building" when testing an MVP?
If my website automatically posts the content recieved onto another website. Who is liable if the content is inappropriate?
What is lean production?
Why is customer feedback important to an organization?
What is the main purpose to use MVP in Android?
How do I quit a job I just started?
When is it not true that the first to scale well after real product-market fit wins?
My startup is a classified website. Should I moderate the posts (which include photos) made?
What are the best early indicators of a tech downturn in the Bay Area?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
I developed an app on a unique idea but have failed to get any recognition yet. What are some ways to approach more users asking them to try my app?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
How did you use machine learning in your app?
How can I sell a specialised application custom made for each client for a specific industry without making my own company but still being tax legit?
Why is there no internet database of sports like internet database of movies (IMDb)?
Is it normal that my new startup's name sounds weird?
What does Gordon Miller think about the lean startup methodology?
What are the best traffic generation methods that can be automated?
How do I ask an entrepreneur to be my mentor?
How do I become a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP)? How many days do I need to get this MVP tag in my name as a normal DBA?
What are free/paid alternatives to stratechery.com analysis?
Can Facebook ads be effective as a sole marketing tool for a startup?
Why is usability testing important?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams working in corporations?
How can I register a startup in a country remotely (online) while not being a citizen of this country?
Smart People: How can I become a thought leader?
What is hallway usability testing?
What is lean and rich?
How do I convince SaaS customers with monthly plans to upgrade to annual plans?
Are there any websites where you can find entrepreneurship mentors for college students for free?
How does BazillionBeings work from a technical standpoint?
Are there people who specialize in connecting startups with VC's and angel investors?
How would you continuously monitor an area of 70 square miles cheaply with a live video feed?
Do I need to get my web developer to sign any documents for my startup web application?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
If I'm just starting out with my startup, with just a website, should I do a fake door testing?
What is the best way to sell startup in sport betting area?
How do I create a profitable and lean design firm?
How do you validate a hardware product before building?
What business will pay off big time if consumers are educated properly?
How do I overcome the fear of interviewing customers in customer development?
How have you applied the Lean Startup framework to your mobile app business?
What are some smart ways to do customer development for a successful startups?
Does food matter for achieving the sales target?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What do companies like Coca-Cola or Red Bull expect from the student teams they sponsor?
Does it matter who invests at seed stage in a startup?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
What does baseline mean on Lean startup?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
What is meant by a lean portal?
How can I start learning ES6?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
Do people use alternative list based marketing? I know email marketing is dominant, but are there other platforms people use?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
What are the ways to online validate the MVP?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
What ingredients do you need to make lean or something similar to lean using over-the-counter materials?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What are the best websites to publish an MVP?
What legal documents do I need to start a small online business (partnership)?
Startups: Which business functions would you recommend using outsourcing (i.e. IT development, HR, accounting, data management, customer services)?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Is the SaaS conversion rate measured against all new signups or only active users?
Should I drop out of college for a semester to pursue machine learning?
Would you pay for a business tutor that could help you set up a self managing business, and create automatic revenue streams online?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
What is prockss?
How did Jaedon Whyte learn math?
When the needs of the end-user and the customer differ, what's the typical approach companies with a lean philosophy /TPS use?
Who are Align Today's competitors?
In the lean startup methodology, you can pivot or persevere but when do I know to give up?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
How do I convince a business owner that I can increase their revenue? What elements and factors must I touch on in this conversation with the person?
In business, how lean is too lean?
Why should electrical engineering people learn the art of progamming?
Is participative management linked to lean manufacturing?
What’s the #1 challenge you face during product development?
What is the cheapest way to test a value proposition (on a landing page) with targeted traffic?
If I invest in a startup through a WeFund (WeFunder) what happens to my money if WeFunder goes out of business?
Which startups did you end up paying money to work for, but enjoyed working for anyway?
I'm thinking about starting a tutoring company, what advices you guys would give me?
What is lean architecture?
Lost confidence in my startup idea after working on the same for about 2 months? Don’t know what to do now?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
How can someone have an MVP to present to investors if he need money to create this MVP?
When talking about ground beef, what does 85% lean or 93% lean etc. mean? And which one is healthier or is it worth the cost?
How do I find local businesses where I can implement lean principles?
What web-based tools exist to develop business models and track lean startup experiments?
What do designers do in startups to make them have enough work for a full time role?
How does a startup determine when it has achieved product market fit?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
What are the fastest growing startups of all time, in terms of revenue?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
Are you using any particular methodology to run BirchBox?
What does it mean to lean on someone?
What are the best online and offline tools to generate leads for SMBs working in a B2B model?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
What's the best way to do a startup, where both sweat equity and early investment would be involved?
How do you validate a market and a customer for a new product?
If you didn’t need to worry about money, what would you do for the rest of your days and why?
How can I add a social component to online grocery shopping?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
Do you know anybody who has managed to build a successful mobile app startup?
Which email/web hosts have better reputations for hosting opt-in email marketing websites so that emails get delivered in inboxes without being marked as spam?
How should hardware startups in Medical Electronics field apply lean startup principles?
How many times have you drafted or built a minimum viable product in your career as an entrepreneur?
What is the optimal structure of a startup SaaS B2B sales team? 
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
What does the lean startup methodology add to someone who already knows agile methodology?
What is the guidance for creating user documentation in the era of agile software development and DevOps?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
What requirements do I need for hosting a minimum viable product social networking website?
Is there a need for a rental website for properties outside big cities in US?
Is it ethical to moonlight as a start-up advisor?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
How important is intellectual property protection for a startup?
How would you create a MVP for a ad network like maxbounty?
How would you go about competing with CreativeMarket?
What are the best ways to validate a product idea before creating a landing page?
I conducted a survey of my idea and got almost 120 responses. Out of which more than 72% likes my idea. Should I reach to an investor at this point?
How is equity calculated for a startup?
How can I gain lean muscle if I cannot afford lean sources of protein?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
What is the best framework for a beginning programmer to build an MVP?
What's the best example of a successful lean start-up?
What do you know the most innovative company in terms of customer development (like ZipCar)?
How critical is writing skill to an entrepreneur or startup founder's success?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
If your startup requires marketing its service to many publishers, how important is it to be based in big cities (e.g.NYC) from the start?
What are the best coworking spaces in Los Angeles?
What are companies following lean methodologies?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
What can I do, I have a startup idea but no money to invest?
How do I participate in Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
How do you help clients define a segment without being insensitive?
Where can an entrepreneur live cheaply in England?
What are the top 10 challenges small business owners face daily?
Should I give 70% of my startup’s equity at idea stage for $40k and a tested business model?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
If I created an app that users can use to record and edit videos, what is my market?
Is there an online marketplace for doing customer interviews?
How does a startup go lean on a B2B product if the business will reject the product at the fist sign of an incomplete product?
How do I think of an idea that will generate $1 million in 12 months?
How does the concept of product market fit apply to non-utility services?
Does a lean startup necessarily have to be a high-growth startup?
How can I generate leads for digital marketing company?
Does Clerky also setup a shareholders agreement and equity split for you among other things?
Why is lean manufacturing called lean?
Is it illegal to host a website in an iframe if the terms of the website state not to do so?
Apart from the established seed and angel founders, how can I raise seed funding?
What does air 1 in CA IPCC get?
How do you build an MVP?
How should I learn basic economics needed for entrepreneurship?
What’s wrong with the Lean Startup methodology?
Who can I lean on if I don't have a family?
Who do you love more? Your product or your customer?
When testing product/market fit for your MVP, is some amount of UX "friction" a good thing?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
How can you discourage role learning?
How can I connect with people who are struggling with their businesses?
Will it be legal if a company registered as a filming or cinematic corporation publishes books and websites on its behalf?
How did studios like Palantir, Thoughtbot, Originate get started?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What is the best way to develop apps and protect your product idea? Offshore with developers in India or with a local based company in Germany?
Based on your experience, What is/are the best practice/s to apply Lean during design phase in construction industry?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What should I know about doing business in your country as an entrepreneur?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
I've just launched a new website to swap activities called Activityswap.com, what are your thoughts?
Which business or area can get a boost due to demonetization of Rs 500/1000 notes in India?
Can you name some successful startup that ignored certain laws?
How do I start a kickstarter while still working on my prototype?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How do you tactically plan for a pivot?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Can BIM be used as Lean tool? Is it used as a part of lean construction today?
What are new consulting business models?
In marketing, is there a difference between a startup and a small business?
I have a large P.O., but the money doesn't come until I deliver the goods. Where should I look for financing?
When I should I call it quits on my startup business and take a job?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What are cheap ways to complete a trademark registration?
What suggestions would you like to give to the early age startups who are lacking traction?
Which are less known company builders, similar to rocket internet, which copy business models?
For building a web startup is it better to hire a full-time developer/designer, take on board a tech co-founder, or outsource to a good outside firm?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
In lean manufacturing, what is the alternative tool for value stream mapping?
Why should I not hire a technical team?
How important is MVP for a startup?
What are the lean principles?
How does fillr.com earn money?
Does effective networking sometimes involve a business model?
What was Facebook's MVP?
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
What are the company details of Planscoop.it? What is the difference between this community and Ask Jelly? Can it disrupt Google?
How pornography business is growing so much?
What do general labor startups need for a minimum viable product, or to get early-stage leads?
What is an MVP (minimum viable product)?
What online tools have helped you the most as an entrepreneur/startup founder?
What does a lean consultant do?
How do startups gain traction with no MVP?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
What does a document or presentation describing product market fit look like?
Where is the cheapest living space to rent and with a reliable internet connection (England)?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
Is spending time building scalable architecture for a new product (MVP) considered premature optimization?
What is the best way to learn basics of Business within a weekend?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
Can the implementation of lean production involved functional areas outside of operations?
Where can I find shared SaaS license?
Will skill India campaign really empower Indian youth?
Is it a good idea to think of ideas for a startup that encompass a growth hack?
How do I build the right team for my startup’s MVP near the launch?
What is the most efficient way to get a yearly planner copied and bound for resell?
Do any law firms have a main startup corporate law office in DC?
How do I apply lean methodology to a startup that is for entertainment purpose and does not solve a problem?
Why has Google failed at so many projects (not quickly)? Why don't they validate a concept before investing massive time and resources in it?
Should our MVP have good test coverage?
Why do I find programming so soul sucking and depressing?
Who wants to learn Chinese? I want to learn English.
What are the necessary legal things to check before leaving a startup as a founder?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
How should I go about cold emailing investors before I have my minimum viable product complete?
How do you test the viability of an online business idea?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What are the key points about the Lean Startup framework proposed by Eric Ries?
I am making $50k a month selling a third party service. What do I do next?
What is an example of a company that based its business model on a reduced time-to-market in research, and short lead-time manufacturing?
What business opportunities exist in the Netherlands?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
What to do when you have only a plan and not an MVP?
What costly assumptions should an e-commerce startup watch out for?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
How did you get the confidence to open a tech company?
How do I login to IMVU?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
What is the must-read book about becoming an agile business?
Do you need to get a corporate credit card right after incorporating a startup for expenses?
As an investor what is your view, if a founder uses his first startup employee to build MVP for his second startup?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
As an Entrepreneur or Startup Founder, do you get frustrated writing business proposals, blog posts, investment proposals, plans etc. over and over?
How do you test products within your network of friends and family?
What is lean construction?
How do I apply the "get out of the building" advise?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
Is it really important for a tech startup to be in a startup-friendly city to succeed?
What are the most successful examples of SAAS services?
What are the best free resources for someone to learn Finance and Accounting to start and support their Startup in its initial stages?
I want to build a web service but I need an API, Can I build a platform incorporating another company API? Or is it best to build my own?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Lean Startup is great for startups with market risk. Are there other good methodologies for startups with invention/product risk?
What stack do you use for marketing and sales in your B2B startup?
Can you recommend Clerky from your experience with them in incorporating your startup and other legal needs?
What if the MVP for my idea is too expensive?
Is it a good idea to ask people what they want and then deliver exactly that?
What does Jason Lemkin think is the best way for an early stage SaaS company to get its first 1-3 pilot Fortune 500 paying customers?
Would you order a product online to pick it up within an hour at your nearest store?
What are the benefits of online presence for large fashion brands?
When validating a start-up idea, can we do customer discovery and interviews without a landing page?
Who invented lean startup?
What's the best start up incubator in Singapore?
How do you write a company profile for an early stage startup?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
How can I write a business plan to submit it to investors?
What startups deal with internet privacy?
How are lean production and the just in time model beneficial for startups? How do they relate to managing high liquidity?
What is the best experiment tracking tool? How do you measure your tests?
What or who are some seed funders in the Dallas Area?
What does Dan Gilbert think of Minimum Viable Products?
Can you be sued for unfair, deceptive, untrue or misleading advertising when performing a lean market experiment?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Would a target customer prefer a business model value proposition which addressed a pain point or which created a gain?
If the market collapses tomorrow and that there will be no tech unicorn buyouts for a while, will people be less inclined to be involved in a startup?
How does Parkopedia.com make money?
What is the best way to promote/advertise your mobile app before launching or opening?
How optimistic are you about the South Asian startup ecosystem?
How can I implement a lean strategy in a bar/café?
Can you bootstrap startup based on user growth?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
What happened to Votizen after their case study in The Lean Startup?
How can I be a successful sole entrepreneur?
Can I start matrimonial business with an MVP?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing and lean start up?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
What ways do all media companies "Lean"?
How long does it take to read The Lean Startup?
What should I do when investors sign the agreed documents but never funds the agreed investments?
What are the things startups have to get right?
What's the difference between MVP and lean start up?
Why do startups need to begin with a Minimum Viable Product?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
Is it possible for a capable software engineer to cofound a successful niche e.g. B2B SaaS startup on fair (50/50) terms or found it alone?
What are some good step by step guides to building an MVP?
Where can I find lean startup MVP sources for my unique social media idea?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What is the best way to start a business/company as one person?
What is the best way to get an internship at an accelerator in NYC?
I am helping a social venture to raise funds using my network. What commission should I ask?
What are some sites that are beautifully designed, yet ugly competitors dominate their category?
What is the most efficient way to set up interviews with potential customers for customer development and idea validation?
What are the 12 major lean tools?
How long did it take to build your web based startup MVP?
What advise do you have for starting and mantaining a product based company. What are some good resources for further study?
How would you creatively and affordably advertise Instagram if you started it today?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
What are challenges faced by entrepreneurs in using data for building and growing a successful company?
How do you start your own business since you still have no specific ideas about what business you are going to start?
What is better for the startup: Launching fast but unstable and badly designed app or taking time and launching a beautiful and stable app?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
What are the best US entrepreneurship, marketing, and tech conferences for 2017?
Does the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) mentality work for hardware startups? If so, what is the best example of an MVP released for a hardware product?
What are the principles of lean manufacturing?
How would you start making money if one day you woke up broke with no job and no connections?
Is burnout especially intense/pervasive in failed entrepreneurs?
What is the best book for learning product-market fit?
How do you determine MVP?
What are things big multinational software companies can't solve (or at least have difficulties to solve) but small local software companies can?
What does a lean process specialist do?
What are some startup ideas for a web developer in India?
What is generally a good conversion rate from industry events to various channels?
How was WhatsApp able to create and grow a successful product with such a lean team?
Is MVP a success for Android?
Do you recommend the new Gust Launch service?
Is Jelly to first company to reverse pivot back to their original startup idea and then become acquired?
For someone who has a solid career working for startups, is an MBA important or a waste of time?
How can I design a cheap and quick experiment or MVP to test whether farming businesses are actively seeking better soil management practices?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are the principles of lean enterprise?
What are the best ways for B2B Lead Generation?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
Would you use an application that turned your social media into a recruiting tool?
What percentage of startups promote themselves on AngelList?
What are some popular subscription based startups that have done well?
What do you think about travel startup Flymble.com?
Could you kill a startup by raising too much funding?
Are there any ways to secure/safeguard my unique idea when testing the MVP?
Is it possible to bootstrap a consumer robotics company?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
What do you think billionaires/innovators of tomorrow are or should be studying?
Does lean startup methodology applies on enterprise level organisation?
Feeling slightly depressed about a competing company, can I still overtake them?
What is the best strategy for hiring talented software engineers straight out of college?
What are some drawbacks of lean startup model?
What are some great startup schools examples?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
I am good at programming and problem solving. but weak in English. my mother tongue is Tamil. is there any possibility to get job above 6 lpa package?
How do I show proof of concept for an iPhone application that can't be made untilI have money?
Would selling my minimum viable product that costs me $20 for the price of $30 be worth my time?
Would you rather start a startup in a market with high competition or high regulation?
We are all set to launch our service but an international competitor has tapped the same market. What will you suggest us in such situation?
Is the "lean startup" methodology suitable also for startups that create silicon chips?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
How can I use to LEAN methodology to start a technology startup?
How would the data infrastructure of a startup that wishes to collect user-provided data look like?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
Are there any truly successful startups who used the lean startup methodology?
How do I interpret smoke testing results from a landing page?
Should customers report bugs or support representatives?
When building an MVP, are there any decisions that you'll be stuck with or that will be difficult to reverse after launch?
What is the impact of lean digital going to be?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
I read an article in the WEEK Magazine that the novel "C + Plus Doctor Thepla" encourages India's start-up culture. Is that so? Who has written it?
What's the best way to validate which food products will sell through my high-traffic blog before manufacturing them?
What are the best books on mobile application startups?
How can I further market my marketplace startup that connects businesses with billboard owners?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
What causes an app to feel “clunky”?
Which is the best equity crowdfunding platform for a mobile games startup?
Is it possible not to have reached a product market fit with ~1,000 paying customers?
How could I calculate RoI for a 5S project and its business impact?
What advice would Auren Hoffman give to product managers?
Are we allowed to split equity in a Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) structure?
What are some interesting tools for lean startups that wish to analyse their users’ data and learn from them?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
Canada vs Berlin, which startup hub is better to get initial rounds of funding, overall tech talent and ease of business?
Is it a good idea to have $1 Kickstarter reward?
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
What is Lean UCD?
What is the minimum viable product of a consultant?
What are some of the best ways to test a business concept?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
How would you cheaply track 10 cars driving around in a decent-sized city daily without the owners knowing?
Is it okay to focus on my startup and eventually leave my 30 lakh p.a. job at TCS
Will hotel owners agree to my service that provides their customers access to local restaurants with a discount?
What do you think of our innovative cashback website concept, any criticism and suggestions ?
How do I calculate the real cost of creating MVP in a startup?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
How can I check if my business idea is valid (using Lean Methodology)?
What is the difference between a lean startup and a lean software development?
Why do users use the marketplace for services rather than the yellow pages, or other directory listing web sites?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is the Lean Startup Conference Week worth it?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
How can I validate customer data from the web?
Can solopreneurs succeed?
How much to lean my Royal Enfield on turns. What is the science of centripetal force on turns in conjunction to speed, and lean?
Is there any tech-startup webinar is going to be scheduled recently?
Can a single nontechnical founder launch a MVP through an alpha and beta without a developer onboard?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
What features should an MVP not have?
Is there a framework for IT and business alignment for small business?
How lean can a "lean start-up" really be, if success is to be a realistic possibility?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
What is lean angle?
How do you apply the lean method when your value proposition is an experience?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
What good smaller law firms and boutique shops in the US do deferred payments for startups?
Where can a young entrepreneur live cheaply in London?
Would you invest in a bootstrapping startup that reached $50k MRR in three months with negative cash flow?
What's an MVP exactly (for a mobile app)?
What do you think is the future of startup culture in India? Is India more suitable for lean marketing startups or social innovation startups?
What do you need to approach investors to ask for seed capital for a startup (business plan, power point, financial model, etc), and how detailed should those documents be?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
In Lean Startup, why is pre-selling fake products advocated instead of old, yet effective, survey techniques such as conjoint analysis & Juster scale?
How is the career in lean technology?
What is the proper way to make cost model for a startup?
Are people or processes more important in lean manufacturing?
A major gym chain has agreed to allow me to resell their memberships for them. Can I begin negotiations with one of my existing companies?
How does equity within a private company work? (I am running a start-up, and planning to source for new funds to scale the business).
Are you looking for bulk email database for your startup in India?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
Suppose you were bootstrapping a startup like Uber, how would you acquire your first 1000 customers?
What are some methods of collecting data in the lean startup model?
What are the pros and cons of running a very lean startup in terms of number of employees?
What is a business contract and typically does a successful startup aspire to have a lot of contract involvement?
What is the best book about marketing for my mobile app?
Is IMVU fun? Why or why not?
How can I become MVP in salesforce?
If you incorporate a startup do you need to hire an accountant right away even if you are pre revenue?
Will Antonio Brown get the MVP? (Most Valuable Player)
What tip can you give to lock out the competition when you’ve got your App live and are at seed capital stage?
How can India become the world's hub of startups even without helping entrepreneurs converting LLPs into Pvt. Ltd.?
I have a MVP for financial advisers ready for launch. Do I test it in a small group for 3 months or release it online now? Idea is to seek funds. Thnx
What's the most important thing to know about crowdfunding?
How can one empower the startup?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
How do I learn a language to read technical material?
Does BCAA makes you lean?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
Is it better, more efficient or easier to sell services over products in a groundup lean startup launch? Why or why not? How is cashflow different?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
What are the most promising startups founded in 2016?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
How hard is it to create machine learning cloud computing enterprise software?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
How do you test the usability of your product if you can’t recruit your main customer segment?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
I have a minimal viable product, that hit the market and sold 30 units in its first 3 days, it is the only product of its kind, what should I do?
Is there a habit of kidnapping or assassinating business competitors at the Fortune 500 level?
What we need to take care while hiring CTO?
What are the best arguments for and against the view that you don't need to talk to users in person - that online chat is enough?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
I have founded a startup for the money because I need the money but with progress I find I am not in love with it. What do I do?
Why is thinking big even with the process detail don’t pay much, but implementing a small thought pays far more?
What are the best blogs about startup sales?
How do small startups manage their product design process?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
Is it ok to have 3 value propositions?
How important is a recommendation to a VC or Angel?
I'm moving my startup from Sweden to Santa Monica for good reasons. What should I think about?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What are the services WhatsApp outsourcing from outside?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Does an organization that applies lean processes require a lean accounting department?
How can I build an actual countdown/timer to trigger urgency for an action for my sales team, once a prospect signs up to our SaaS?
I´m 17 and searching for a mentor. How can I find one?
What is lean startup methodology? How is it useful for a startup?
What is the best minimum viable product software?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
What is the process of product design?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
Is there any serious company allowing non US residents to run a Kickstarter campaign (getting donations and redistributing them to the campaign creator)?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
What are top 10 lead B2B generation tools for online marketing?
What would be the outcome of a proposal to a popular classified website that is for every ad that we recieve as a startup we would post to them?
What is the Minimum Viable Offer?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
How did Shopify/Wix overcome Yahoo! Store?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
I see a lot of questions about starting a business without money. Would you be interested in an end-to-end course on how to do it? Yes or No? Thanks!
What does the latest and greatest lean business plan outline for startups look like?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
What questions would you ask with a form in order to get insight into the users’ needs?
My startup got rejected by an incubator. What should I do?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
MVP is ready but UX needs improvement. Should we wait and work on design or release now?
How is new business failure rate calculated?
Identify the key features of the online grocery market that may act as barriers for the adoption of lean principles?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
Would a pre-seed startup with market demand validation interviews, surveys and user testing of 400 potential customers have enough traction for funding?
Could Instacart work in a place where there is a grocery store within 300 meters?
Is Google not creating Google assistant integration for Android 6 just because of selling point for pixel phones?
What are possible startup opportunities in algorithmic trading?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
How can I get traction for my startup MVP?
How do you feel about lean management?
How do I move from MVP to beta?
Should I consider doing React + Django Rest just for launching a startup MVP, or is just Django enough?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
How a startup can increase its market value without investor funding?
What is your experience working with sales groups to get your product into retail?
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
What is 5s?
Where can a non-EU, non-US citizen (resident) seek US and EU angel investors for his promising tech start-up?
I have the seller side covered on my classified startup. How do I bring buyers?
Is it true that Application Development has no scope when it comes to internships as compared to Web Development?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
What is minimum star rating of any product /service you have ever seen? (Out of 5)
How can Instacart justify paying their full service shoppers so much?
How did the Facebook and Theranos CEOs keep control of their company and boards for so long?
What are the problems that hyper local startups face that makes them unfundable?
What do VCs think about startups that bootstrap as a service first then trying to evolve into products?
Can I launch my startup without incorporating?
What are the mentors "key tasks" when helping startups? What's the key benefits startups can get from mentors?
What are some markets right now with high demand for some service that consumers are not getting enough?
What makes a good landing page?
What are some niche examples to make money by selling data?
How do I explain my MVP(Minimum Viable Product) in less than 5 slides?
What do you tell people when you're called crazy for having chosen entrepreneurship over a standard career?
What service will allow me to have a private mobile (ios & Android) beta with more than 2000 testers?
How many "Leap-of-faith" assumptions can I make according to lean startup principles, Is there limit?
What are the top challenges of venture capital firms?
What are the parameters for the types of people who invest in businesses on crowd funding websites?
I want to start a business. Something through the Web. What can I do for a start?
What are the 5 best tips for finding cofounders?
I am using a growth hack to have some customers from a larger company use my marketplace app. How do I charge them?
How can a bootstrapping startup legitimately pay for a good startup lawyer?
What are strong indicators of product market fit within the Github community?
What does Entrepreneurship really mean?
Where can I find a struggling law student who will file a patent for me in exchange for equity?
What are the legal procedures required to start a startup and what it costs?
How do I get users for MyLikes alternative Bonusposts.com?
What kind of lean startups don't need real offices or workstations but can still make money?
How can I quickly scale the digital marketing for my SAAS start-up?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies?
Funding aside, what are the top 3 (or more) things that stop SaaS companies from growing ~$25k MRR to ~$250k MRR?
Would an investor be happy with a founder starting a successful company and then hiring a ceo only to do it again?
What is the step-by-step procedure to own a pvt. ltd. company?
Statistically speaking, what is the failure rate of a startup?
How can I understand startup stock and options and how they are different in layman's terms?
How does a foodie website gain their profit?
How do I create a first customer?
Is there anyway I can have a private beta for a location based app with thousands of users without putting it on the app stores?
Would startups be interested in adding a (human curated, private netwrk) related content bar at the bottom of their blog in exchange for free traffic?
Do you use HADI cycle methodology?
Should I stop my start-up and go for some other ideas or should i stay on stay on same and work more (see question details)?
What is the best way to find early-adopters for my Business-to-Business product, that is not finished or near perfect yet?
I have a startup idea. Most people I have talked to say that it is good. I also have the money to invest. How do I gather courage to do it?
How do you test your app design for the most popular iOS and Android phones?
Will lawyers keep my startup information confidential when talking to them as a prospective client?
What is the best tool to keep track of my startup's KPIs?
How can I produce Quality Assurance process for Lean Startup?
Which genius approaches have startups taken to acquire customers at a very cheap price?
How does complexity in business processes cause an increase in costs?
Is there a cloud service where you can test hybrid mobile apps on all mobile devices?
I have funding which will be used to hire a CEO for my startup. Can I still influence Product/Strategy from a Board Seat?
Should I create 2 value maps for 2 customer profiles?
How do you get over the loneliness of being a tech entrepreneur?
How can you have better sleep habits while founding a startup?
What ways startup can make money, if the product is free of cost and ads?
Can I rebuild the same company that I sold ?
I'm starting an Advertising startup . Looking for enthusiastic and hardworking people in Mumbai. (Marketing/Sales/Tech). Where can I find them easily?
Are there law firms where startups can apply and pay very low rates with the assumption that once you get VC the firm will be representing you?
How can I best use 75$ on Google AdWords?
What are examples of SaaS apps with minimal technology stacks?
How do companies like Disqus that need tens of thousands of publisher users sell their service?
Using The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, which other books are an exemplar of which must-reads stand next to The Lean Startup for the audience it serves?
Should I file a trademark for my startup name? How does that work and how much is it?
What can I do if I can't afford to start a startup?
What information needs to be added to the privacy policy of a website that uses heat maps for web analytics?
What tools do you recommend for early stage startup founder?
Why should you be on KarmaCircles?
What could be a possible business model for a startup which focus on social cause like helping the poor and less-fortunates?
Do technical cofounders usually only focus on coding or also act as a partner in the startup, product and other decisions?
Would you throw away a well paid offer just because the company or product has no potential?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies that you cofound?
Where do on-demand laundry startups do their actual washing?
How do you get people hooked on your service?
What is the wittiest employee feedback that you have seen on Quora?
I have a startup idea and I want to launch it very soon in Mumbai. How do I convince a good Web developer to work for me at a very low salary?
What are some new emerging markets right now in which business could be started with small investment?
Why should MBA students learn about entrepreneurship or startups in general?
How can I convince Google that it needs to develop my idea about employee motivation and process optimization in companies based on LEAN?
Why did GigStart fail in India?
Just launched my startup keepvisitors.com, which gets you visitors for your website for free. What do you think?
What are some highly in demand services (both business and consumer oriented) in this and possibly next year?
What are the best ways to model via spreadsheet the early growth of a SaaS startup?
What is your process of contacting industry experts, when validating a potential problem for building a startup?
Which Startup platforms or services with perks are being used today?
At what point should I register my lean start-up as a UK business?
What are some tips for doing business development for multiple companies at the same time?
Could you pull off a simplified version of Instacart with WordPress?
Is 60k revenue on 30k monthly expenses healthy for a startup and what does this mean going forward?
How can you work 21 hours a day for a year straight, on your own lean startup, most efficiently (I'm 21)?
What are some of the craziest startup that actually worked?
What is lean discovery?
What is Create4MS LLC?
When you were gaining initial traction ($0-2M ARR), what did the day to day progress feel like, and in what timeframe did you get there?
I want to start a private limited company, but don’t want to share my ownership with others. Is there any option?
If I invested $1,000 in Uber today (June 2016) and Uber was acquired next month, how much money would I make?
How often do you do customer development interviews?
How do you use the information in books such as, "The Lean Startup," to actually become successful in real life?
Is it viable to start a company that creates WordPress websites for businesses?
Would you describe the roles a startup needs to be successful?
What were your top 5 fears when you were considering leaving your employee job to start your own startup/business?
I have access to the market leader's customers (legally). My product is very similar. How do I sell to these customers?
How can policy makers use the lean startup principles?
What are the best companies for an entry-level iOS developer position in the Greater Boston Area?
What are some good ways to get revenue from startup?
I developed an app on a unique idea but have failed to get any recognition yet. What are some ways to approach more users asking them to try my app?
Can somebody explain to me what a minimum viable product is in simplest terms?
How much can we charge for a software that is able to diagnose ovarian cancer from a transvaginal ultrasound?
How can I trademark my exercises?
My startup got asked to present at an event, I feel its to early for us (pre MVP). Should we pass on this opportunity or give it a shot?
What is a cutting edge technology based business I could start tomorrow?
My app has over 100,000 downloads and over 10,000 app visits daily within 3 months after launch. How much will you pay to advertise in my app?
What is the android alternative to TestFlight for alpha/beta testing that can handle many users?
How would you spy on your competitors?
Startups: Can greedy employers succeed?
What business can I start with a capital of 5 to 10 lakh?
Where can I find a list of Startups in India?
How do I know if the idea that I’m testing is good?
What's the hardest thing about customer development?
How do I get my startup to move at lightning speed?
Where did you learn to raise money?
How do I make a good batch of lean?
Should I still pursue a business venture in spite of my parents telling me it will not succeed? I am prepared to face failure.
I've built a landing page to introduce my startup, now what?
What are some startup revenue models?
What are the best ways to launch a bank as a plattform?
Which grocery product can I sell online to grow a customer base?
What are the most in demand "service businesses" this year?
Where can I get a dual monitor stand like the ones on the Bloomberg terminal?
Startups: Which business functions would you recommend using outsourcing (i.e. IT development, HR, accounting, data management, customer services)?
How do I get access to the database of products that a chain sells?
Is selling 33K$ through Ebay in my first trade attempt in 30 days counted as a reliable marketing experience?
What is some "new" consumer or business market or demand which will likely emerge very soon - like within this or next year?
What is a lean startup exit?
Can I Create a Sales Lead using LinkedIn without being spammy or intrusive?
Can you decrease a cofounders equity percentage if they go part time if you have a vesting schedule setup?
Without coding it myself is there any SaaS platforms or CMSs that will allow me to add a secure login, plans page, & secure payment form to a website?
What are some general growth frameworks applied by early stage startups?
What is the cheapest way to setup a product validation page?
What are some small scale business ideas? How can we expand small scale ventures?
What kind of team do I need for a lean startup with a hardware product?
Does applying to YC or other accelerators early on (during alpha or beta) mean you give up a lot more of your company?
Have there been any tech ideas that have been successful and do not require the creator to manage it while banking millions?
Should my 50/50 cofounder get any equity if she left and does not work on the company although she had the initial idea?
How would you convince a lean sceptic manager of the importance of being in the Gemba?
Would a p2p money transfer app need to be regulated by the FCA?
What is your minimum viable product in a financial startup?
Is drop shipping similar to mail order lean startup?
Has a high growth consumer tech startup ever been able to be successful without raising funding?
Why is it important to build an MVP?
40 of our 200 registered users visits our app daily and after 1 month we have 65% retention rate. This is our MVP. Do we have product market fit?
How much equity shall I share with my partners for a start-up? (see details)
What is the best way to tell why a startup has not raised heavy investment?
Do you regret not hiring a startup lawyer for your startup or regret hiring one early on?
Does ambition kill the happiness?
How do I start getting art commissions?
How should I respond to odd questions from investors?
What do designers do in startups to make them have enough work for a full time role?
Why is entrepreneurship important to you?
At what point should a startup have a full website instead of a landing page?
How can I add a social component to online grocery shopping?
Which startups have become successful and making profits too in last three years to sustain and justify the startup fundings.
Working on a marketplace startup app and need to hire sales people who will call clients for supply side. Hire outright or use freelancers (Fiverr) ?
What are the pros and cons of working at a successful startup vs Google, Facebook, etc.?
I want to start a job providing service startup in Nagpur.  How can I get people enthusiastic in startup and interested to work with me.?
On what basis should I select a startup advisor?
What did Facebook determine it was doing in the lean start up phases of the company?
How do I sale my startup listing site?
How do I write a straight forward but detailed marketing plan to show my investor?
What are the core legal requirements for a online business?
What is a range in cash and stock to be compensated for customer development for a unfunded startup?
Is it better to raise funds with favorable terms or to have a support network from experienced investors?
What are companies following lean methodologies?
If Outlook didn't exist today, what would an ideal customer profile look like for a startup that is thinking of making something similar today?
At which point should one start monetising a mobile app (marketplace) that is in growth mode?
Where do I find programmers to start IT outsourcing company?
Do I continue with my app even though there is something similar by an established company?
How long does it take to get to product market fit?
Are freelancers as effective as permanent staff for a startup?
Who are some prominent tech entrepreneurs who failed massively at first but pivoted into great success later on?
How do I measure demand for my dropshipping product idea?
How do I to turn customer development prospects into customers?
I’m bringing on co-founders, is this a fair split?
What is the meanest thing that venture capitalists can do to founders?
Is using a non corporate lawyer relative to optimize online legal forms/services the next best thing if you can't afford a startup lawyer?
Can I use a domain name with a registered trademark word in it?
How close is your dream job/career aligned with your original Dream?
I am a Full Stack Developer with a CS background and very limited finance knowledge. How do I build a Lean FinTech startup?
What should I do if I have an idea for a startup but I have no money or resources whatsoever?
Who can I lean on if I don't have a family?
I'm a startup founder and don’t have a startup advisor, am I shooting myself in the foot?
Do law firms that have deferred payments for startups hold the founders personally liable to pay all fees incurred if the startup goes south?
What stats can I use to convince an investor about my business' scalability?
I am a start up outsourcing my software development. What should I do to avoid getting screwed over?
Entrepreneurs, any suggestions for freelance developers or agencies you have had success with?
Are there local delivery services in the US which cater to B2B customers?
How do startup boards and their seats work and how does a CEO set themselves up to retain control of the board when incorporating?
What are the hot markets now (2016) where profitable business can obviously be started?
What are some other must-reads for entrepreneurs in correlation of reading The Lean Startup?
Is it a bad idea to date while building a startup?
The lean startup asks if consumers recognise if they have a problem. Doesn’t this go against the idea of Disruption?
How can I deduct my rent in the San Francisco Bay Area as a business expense if I work full-time at home either as an employer or as an employee?
How does one get to minimal viable product without a team?
I'm planning to start an online business focusing on product sales. What resources should I use to find attractive niches?
How does lean startup work for industrial products? What are key differences to consumer products?
I want to start a business at 18. I already have an idea it'll mostly be online and I'll have to create an app. Where should I start?
Is it possible to run a multi million dollar mobile app without having a single employee?
If you're just starting a social network website, should you incorporate?
Where does Dollar Shave Club get their blades from?
How to get investments as a student in the U.S.?
Why has Nearbuy deferred new joining & put on bench so many people? Are they on the verge of closing down?
How much does a startup cost globally?
As an indie business owner, what key thing to you need to understand?
What are all the things to consider in a startup before approaching an investor?
If a business is valuable to customers only if users are present, how can it be validated before getting the users?
Should I publish my not-so-well written but working web app now or rewrite it and publish in 6 months?
What are some pain points of local people?
Is restricting geographic entry the only way to release an app city by city that is already on the app store?
Where do I find a good web designer for a MVP website?
What's an MVP employee?
How does a startup compete with a established company that dominates the market?
What was Task Rabbit's MVP like?
What's the key difference about small business success vs. venture-backed unicorns?
At what point should you create a company bank account and start with quickbooks/accountant for your startup?
What is Lean accounting?
I am in the process of a marketplace startup. The supply side is taken care of. How do I market my product to gain customers?
How do I make sure that my startup founder don't fire me after building them a minimum viable product?
How do you make a cheap lean?
What is the difference between validation board & lean canvas?
Do any law firms have a main startup corporate law office in DC?
I am in the process of a startup and plan to hire a CEO as soon as possible. How will this affect my equity?
What are some key elements of success when starting a dropshipping business?
Is there a landing page template or service that has a field to ask potential customers for their city besides their email?
Can Facebook be a part of the lean startup?
What is the best UAT (User Acceptance Testing) software for lean startup project teams?
What are the “most in demand” service businesses right now that could be started with little or even no money?
What costly assumptions should an e-commerce startup watch out for?
Is there an online business that I can start in $1? Can it fetch profits in 1 hour?
What is the best way to keep some influence on the product/strategy after hiring a CEO as a startup founder?
As a startup, should you post 3rd party reviews and articles written about you on your own social media channels?
How do you get from $1M ARR to $10M ARR?
I need advice from entrepreneurs / advisors on finding a good developer for my early stage startup. Any suggestions and lessons learned?
Can someone give me some tips to make lean canvas for my startup?
How do I collect money for my startup idea?
Are serial entrepenuers equally as passionate about all of their projects?
How do you make an ionic mobile app a link to download for alpha testers?
If you have a worldwide idea is it better to start it locally or start it in the US?
What are the pros and cons of being very lean?
How would have the founders of Quora validated its the business model in the lean start up way?
How do I capitalize on this opportunity?
What are Uber clone script which used by Successful startup?
When starting a social network, what kind of things should my company buy first?
When should a startup hire a professional and experienced CEO?
What are some successful startup that we can perform alone?
How many experienced advisors should a start up founder have?
If you want to validate a business idea like Quora, how will you do it?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your startup?
Why should a very successful company invest in a new landing page if they are already successful? What purpose would the landing page serve?
What does Dan Gilbert think of Minimum Viable Products?
As a Junior Developer and only employee of an early stage startup, what can you expect if the startup does well?
What does Jason M. Lemkin want everyone to know when starting a SaaS company?
How do you recruit clients in a lean startup?
How do you determine whether a lean startup should be a proprietorship, LLC or Corporation/Inc. company?
Can I look lean in one day?
What is the best way to approach clients with broken websites to offer your web design services?
What was Prisma's MVP?
How do you explain growth hacking concepts to non-marketing gal?
How do Entrepreneurs get biggest pain points of People and Starts Startup on it?
What are some Internet companies that could be started which would help benefit some large group of people in some way?
I am from Mumbai and I have a startup idea. I don't need any investment I just need a few like minded people to work with me?
With off-the-shelf tools, how would you build a tiny Wordpress web app?
As a newly graduated MBA, why am I rejected by every single startup in Silicon Valley?
Why are some MNC public relations agencies putting 15 people on a client account where 3 will do?
What is your favorite startup and why?
How would have Mark Zukerberg validated the business model of Facebook?
Can I replicate a company like Google/Microsoft in my country?
Which location is the best to base your startup: Greater Boston Area, NYC or Silicon Valley?
What are the best tutorials and Inspirations for small internet businesses?
Is it important to get a startup lawyer in the city you are looking to raise investment in instead of where you geographically are located?
Some startup founders advise other founders not to build a startup for financial reasons. Is this really good advice?
What is more important when writing the code for MVP: that the code works or how good it is written?
What if I start a startup not to generate any money but only to achieve the purpose behind starting it? How to achieve the purpose?
What is better to own 100% of a small company or 10% of a big company?
What was Fiverr's MVP?
Should I stay in manufacturing company that has start up or should I look for another job?
What are some Internet startups in 2016 that could make a huge difference in the world or would benefit some large group of people in some good way?
What startup podcast is more succinct than most?
What are some tips for a successful small business in a small time?
Are the initial days of a startup lonely?
If you had the emails and phone numbers of tens of thousands of recent college grads, what easy-to-create product would you market to them?
For small startups, is it better to have a bug management tool separate from general project management?
How do you determine MVP?
What are some examples of customer development failing?
How do entrepreneur sell startup?
How do VC entrepreneurs make enough money to start a VC fund with?
When designing an app to look good on each phone, does screen size matter along with resolution?
What are some examples of startups that had viral growth as mentioned in the lean startup apart from Hotmail and Paypal?
Do you have problems on creation MVP of your idea?
Is the actual shipping in dropshipping the hardest part about this business model?
What legal steps do you have to go through in order to start a business?
Which email clients do startups use for business mails (not email marketing)?
How easy is it to register a trademark?
When seeking funding from an investor, should I ask for enough money to build out just the platform or enough for platform and one year of traction?
Is it legal to not pay an employee for his totally unproductive days even if he was present?
Would selling my minimum viable product that costs me $20 for the price of $30 be worth my time?
We are all set to launch our service but an international competitor has tapped the same market. What will you suggest us in such situation?
What are the minimal legal services I need to launch a startup with 2 people and how much should I pay?
What are some reasons to quit a job and start our own business or startup?
Do you know any examples of companies using a Lean approach?
What is lean canvas model?
How do you sustain app download numbers and earnings after being featured by Apple?
What are the pros and cons of having your spouse as co-founder?
Does anyone has a good source of useful information all in one file which documented everything about running a web based startup?
What are some new markets that have just emerged due some new inventions or scientific breakthroughs?
What are some opinions on the development of a Lean and repeatable Real Estate team model with a command/headquarters office?
What million-dollar businesses can I start now with just my laptop?
How do I calculate Repeat Purchase Rate for a subscription based platform?
I have an idea for a startup. My friends think it is great but none of them is ready to work with me. Where do I get a team?
Should every new SMB manufacture the products in their business themselves?
How do I convice goods manufacturers, they wanted to trade for new and unknown auction site, an intermediary in the sale of goods B2B and B2C?
What are the unspoken downsides of being a VC or angel investor?
What are some of the best ways to test a business concept?
What is the seed round used for?
As an entrepreneur how do you just stop caring what other people think when it is not constructive?
Why should you read THE LEAN STARTUP by Eric Ries?
How did Instacart get its first 1000 customers?
Can you copyright a single word? How would you do it?
Is it worth pursuing IP rights for your startup when it's a service/market/platform?
Is it true that if you spend too much time working for someone else, you won't figure out what your own lean startup will do?
What tools do you use to organize feedback from customer development interviews?
How did you go from an idea in your brain to creating a real company? What are the practical steps you took? The plan, strategy, first sale etc.
We launched our MVP product and we’re trying to get early adopters, how can we accomplish that?
How do I sell limited edition diaries/journals?
Can a single nontechnical founder launch a MVP through an alpha and beta without a developer onboard?
What is the worst thing that can happen to an early stage startup employee?
How does the loss of the company get borne by the founders if the seed funding was from incubators or angel investors?
Are lean gainers effective?
What are the most widely used open source web applications in startups?
How much do you REALLY need to drop ship?
What good smaller law firms and boutique shops in the US do deferred payments for startups?
What is your favorite startup creation methods?
I do not want an investor for my startup. Is this a negative sign later on?
What are some essentials when considering a startup?
Does H Wayne Hayes Jr an entrepreneur from Miami, FL deal in real estate too?
Experienced Startup Founders and Angels/VCs: your recommendations for employee 1) number, 2) compensation, and 3) budgeting?
What should I post on social media for my startup?
What should I do to get internship in startup?
What goes into a business model for a board game?
Can you use NyQuil to make lean?
Are there employers who deliberately trap you into being unable to leave their company?
Have you bought an email list to sell your SaaS product? Was it worth it?
Which country i should relocate to?
Is IMVU fun? Why or why not?
Will I screw my startup up by setting up the incorporation, vesting/shareholder and other legal documents by myself?
What is MVP?
How do I find an outsourced CEO for my startup?
Do I need a MVP for a tech startup before speaking to investors?
What is the interoperability that Eric cries talks about in IMVU history in 'The Lean startup'?
How would you approach a company to test your MVP?
How can I make a MVP for an educational startup?
Should I find a new name if the name I want to trademark is already trademarked by a company in the same class?
I'm building an app right now but I'm not doing it for people. What should I do?
How do I start a new business with no experience?
Should I tell my boss that I don't feel I will meet a deadline and that we should take the time to build things properly?
Is it wisest to approach one investor at a time?
Do I lose control of my startup when I hire a CEO?
What is Rocket Internets strategy for starting a new company and bring it to the market?
What are platforms outthere that let you invest small amount such as $100 in startup?
What are the legal steps to start ecommerce?
What are the most promising startups in SF under 50 employees that are funded by multiple top VCs?
Should I allow an agency to keep 30% of my ecommerce business?
Personal Finance: How does a small business make a first sale?
Are companies adjusting to a "nomad" style (especially lean startups) where through mobile tech they can run companies without offices?
How do I reach out to prospective program partners?
I got €400 as a gift from my parents. What's the best way to invest with this amount of money?
How should I account for C-Corp startup legal costs paid from personal account?
If my startup sells loans, what kind of profits can potentially be made?
Does Entrepreneur H Wayne Hayes Jr from Miami have it in him to become the next big shot like Donald Trump or Michael Bloomberg?
If I have a private alpha test launch of my mobile app is there no need to have a private beta?
Do you think it's possible for someone to learn how to be genuinely nicer?
How much does market size and high profit margin influence valuation?
Do I start a startup with no experience or work in order to gain experience?
How do fund raising for startups works?
How can Technical Product Managers build & launch a successful startup?
How can I leverage being a current undergrad student when trying to do enterprise sales for the first time?
Is it possible for a startup in early stage to hire a CEO without losing a large amount of equity?
How do startups keep track of liquidity, costs, revenue, break-even point?
What is your opinion on C-K theory?
I have market validation for my startup idea but I am currently unemployed. Do I seek a seed round or get a job and fund it myself?
What kind of freelancers are hired to perform 5/5 star execution in lean startups?
How would you go about starting a startup like Instacart?
What business strongly related to cars can be run online?
Is it okay if I release an MVP without ‘production-ready’ code, and then add to the code quality after releasing my product?
Do you have tips for maintaining a solid relationship and good communication with your tech startup cofounder in another state?
Could Instacart work in a place where there is a grocery store within 300 meters?
Where can i get startup inspiration?
What is it like to have your app featured on the App Store?
I had an unfinished sales deal with a company. It could not materialize. Can someone help me in breaking the ice with this company?
In what direction do you pivot when you don't have enough data to take a decision?
Our product has managed to get 5 customers with a revenue of 30,000INR in the 1st month. Are we doing good? would it attract investors?
When should a co-founder agreement be signed and actual incorporation occur ? right when you started working on your idea or just before pitching for funding?
What industries aside from technology are growing rapidly and do not requiere a lot of capital to enter into?
Which ruby on rails developers or companies in India are looking for a new paid project?
How should startup founders divide their time?
What is the cheapest option to use parse server with for a mobile app (aws elastic beanstock, heroku, mongodb, etc.)?
Philippines: Do I need to register a business before making a profit or clients?
I have a small business and we are looking to expand our coverage area. How have some of the 'unicorn' start-ups expanded so quickly and so successfully?
What are steps you should take in creating a start-up website?
From a founder's perspective of multimillion users web app, what technical HR/aspects shall we consider from having 100 to 1 000 000 users?
I have a great idea and I want to create a start-up to implement it. Which steps should I take?
Scrum (product development): Are there any new books on creating best products and approaches which could be useful for Agile environment?
What would you say if you are offered a chance to travel 52 countries in 52 weeks all expenses paid?
Any reference or suggestion for developing personalized item recommendation for eCommerce application?
What are some side projects on product management you can work on to land a job?
How should I organize work and team to build mobiles games?
What are the most important financial concepts an entrepreneur should know?
My employer told me not to write unit tests so we could release software faster. Is he right?
How effective is it to ask businesses about their pain points in order to get a SaaS idea?
As a startup, how do you build a relationship with a Japanese large corporate?
What was Wrapify's MVP?
What is your experience of living together with your cofounder, excluding cases where you are life partners?
When Adam D'Angelo built Quora, Did he work more as a Web Designer (Frontend Dev) or Web Developer (Backend Dev)?
I’m at a crossroads in my startup. How do I make an extraordinarily difficult business decision?
How should we describe our startup when applying to an accelerator?
Will my startup idea work?
What are the startups that we wish existed?
If a major drinks firm wanted to develop an MVP in the craft beer / micro-brewery sector, what would its MVP look like?
Could Blank and Ries have prevented 50% of these startup failures?
What is the sales operation for strategy for 100K-200K annual subscription SAAS product?
How do I apply lean principles into a construction project? For example engineering consultant office design?
What are high-leverage investments for a new B2B startup?
I'm running tech-service startup. Should I hire a tech guy who can't say "I don't know"? 
What non-failed brick and mortar businesses have been started with barely enough to pay for lease, wages and merchandise?
What are the best stories of persistence?
How can I hire people for my Startup if I don't have money to pay them salary?
Young Entrepreneurs: What is the best way to teach entrepreneurship in schools?
How many users do you need to validate a product? 1? 2 - 100?
Do startups hire marketers?
What do student startups mostly need?
What do people think about the statement being made at the UC Berkeley career center?
How do you take a leap with your startup and not let the fear of choosing wrong keep you spinning in place and not moving forward?
Is YCombinator shooting itself in the foot? Paul Graham, gives general advice to everyone on his blog. So do all the other YC partners. 
What's the difference between the mentorship models of Glassbreakers and that of Lean On?
Which is the best cost effective company for Mobile App development?
What do you think about this non-Clear investment process?
I have been invited by a group of four to develop an app for them. What things should I keep in my mind to ensure my profit?
Is the Middle East just as good of a market for Startups as the west?
What are ways to motivate employees to care about efficiency without a burning platform?
What are great gifts for young entrepreneurs?
Is it good to outsource startup project to freelancers?
Why do so many people ignore Lean Startup methodologies and Customer Development?
What are the disadvantages of agile software development?
Will I be able to get funding for my startup being a solo founder?
I have 18 months to go from Idea to $10 million revenue . How do I plan this?
I have an idea for a technology-based product. Is there a proven formula or process for taking a product from concept to completion?
In a Lean/Agile startup environment, what are the top 3 goals an HR manager should be focused on?
When do you discuss compensation/equity when building an app/product with friends?
What is an example of of a startup who failed because the problem existed but the customer was not aware of the problem?
What should you watch out when you incorporate in Delaware but operate overseas?
Startups: We just get a call from investor who interested to invest $200,000 in our startup. Is it a good idea?
Systems rather than goals has a lot in common with Lean Startup and with Scientific Method? How do you see the relationship?
How should I interview a customer to help define the features of his MVP?
What does an Employee Value Proposition look like?
When is the right time for a web-startup to hire for each role along its growth?
How can a teen start making money in India without investing a big amount?
My co-founder doesn’t take me as a co-founder, but as a “cheap power”. What do I do?
Where can I find Lean Canvas of real startups that are successful?
What are the startups that are a pleasure to work in?
How do you make pink lean?
How do I test my MVP with small businesses?
What is the meaning of lean consulting?
Who can award Lean belts?
How can you measure the value proposition of your company?
What are some interesting stories about startups in India?
What is the best way to validate a new social network for sports?
Is there "find people" app in the market that doesn't access Contacts on the phone?
What is the optimal information flow process within startups?
How far of my company goals (3 years, 7 years) should I add in my pitch deck for angel investors since I am pre-product and pre-revenue?
What are the most powerful lessons you've gained from startup?
What makes tech incubators fail?
What are the best blogs about starting and running a business in the US from abroad?
What advice will you give to first time gymmers trying for a lean body?
If I own 60% of a startup and When it comes to investing in capital, Is it required for me to invest in 60% of the total required investment?
What is the cheapest and best service option to host parse server?
What is a good idea for a startup web company?
What kind of technical people/skills will I need to start up a B2B Portal from scratch?
Does devaluation of Flipkart is beginning of the end? Is the startup bubble about to burst?
What is the best type of art for a startup to have on its walls?
Can you give people equity that vests right away or split equity that vests overtime long before being incorporated?
What does it mean for equity to dilute proportionately?
Can I make a referral for Insurance to my startup customers and get a comission for it?
How can I lean more about the LendUp API?
How much does it cost to develop android applications that books the Flight Tickets?
I'm guy with tons of ideas/visions to improve human's lives, is that normal?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What is entrepreneurial spirit? How to keep it alive?
Is it still a smart investment to start a lifestyle business?
How do you make programmers work 60-80 hours per week?
Is there a source for information on growth rates for a cross section of startups?
When is it appropriate to build an MVP?
Marketing: What is an effective way to ask how much a target market is willing to pay for a product during cold calls/ interviews before development begins?
What are the steps to creating a successful startup, without starting too fast?
Is Branding, Marketing and Timing more important than actual Coding ability for a Tech Startup?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: Do I need to register the company (as firm or pvt Ltd.) before creating a landing page to validate the idea? Are there any formalities involved?
What would be the minimum viable product/service be for a start-up gym?
How can I beat the likes of flipkart & amazon?
Daniel Ek: How did you came with the idea and how long did it take to build the first MVP?
For how long can a founder and co-founder work on a startup before having to quit their day jobs?
What are some lean manufacturing principles that can be used to reduce inventory levels?
What are some startups that we can do without money?
What are innovative campaigns that do not rely on significant spend on advertising on TV or search to attract users and build loyalty?
Where does my product fit in the Bootstrap to VC spectrum?
Where do the best ideas come from?
Funding: What are the best resources (online or offline) for learning to create an amazing pitch deck?
What is the difference between the Huge and the Lean Beast?
Why did Demandware do so well despite Digital River being there?
Are there ever any conflicts of interest with a VC/incubator/accelerator and their potential investments with the company that bought him/her out in?
What is the one piece of advice you would give to first-time founders or entrepreneurs?
Which one is the best book about bootstrapping startups?
What makes a start-up successful?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I have an online document processing project targeted to USA consumers. Should I create a company in USA knowing that I already have a company in EUR?
Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking Venture Capital. (see ref) What should entrepreneurs, founders, startup CEOs do instead?
What are the advantages of establishing a Minimum Desirable Product criteria instead of Minimum Viable Product?
Is it possible to make standard iOS app a profitable startup?
In one sentence: How to become a successful entrepreneur, founder, startup CEO?
Is it really good being a unicorn?
How is Lean different to Six Sigma?
What would you do as a bio-technology start-up?
Which test cases management web tools for QA are recommended for a lean startup?
What are the best books about developing and executing a product vision?
How can someone hire individuals who can go out to local hotspots and convince people to download your app?
What can we learn from Startups that have pivoted?
How do I test out and look into the abilities and background of a friend I want to cofound a startup with?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean inventory management?
What is the step-by-step process to test and validate a Business Model Canva?
How do I launch an Airline Company using learn startup principles?
What are key retail technology companies that received funding over 2012-2016?
Which is the best startup book?
It is recommended to build a mobile app before a webpage?
What are the benefits of Stamplay vs. Parse server?
How can I find a co-founder for my platform?
What are some great cases of business model development in early startups?
What is the cheapest way to rent a pickup truck for my business startup?
How can I build my product in collaboration with giants like Google, Microsoft etc?
What are a few things every startup needs?
What are some lesser known things for start-up entrepreneurs?
What is Vodafone mini store (VMS) business model in India?
How do I bounce back when someone says bad things about your startup?
How do you reply to "Why should I buy from your start-up"?
Do you think product market fit is a myth?
I have a novel app idea. What should I do to start a company? I have no software background. Should I get funded first, learn by myself or hire people
Startup Advice and Strategy: How much initial investment(minimum) is required for a Internet based startup? How much online marketing would cost?It will be a service facilitator?
What is the cost of launching a speciality liquor in the US?
What is a good gift for a teen who wants to found an internet startup?
Should I quit my job and join a startup accelerator or just focus on launching my product first, getting some traction, then look for financing (while keeping my job)?
Will on-demand beauty and wellness services work in India?
Kalaari capital launched kstart to seed fund startups. What are the views about their term sheet? What equity they are asking for 500k funding?
Is Agile Development still the best way for a startup to build their MVP?
Is there an alternative to Thunderclap where you decide when you launch?
When is an app supposed to find its product/market fit? Before its official release on the App Store or after it?
How can I turn my big innovative ideas into actual value streams?
I am looking to launch a product for traditional travel agencies in an emerging market (B2B). Will the valuation be a multiple of revenue or not?
Why is it so hard to bootstrap without looking for funding?
How do I start a tech startup in a developing country?
What is the difference between a roadmap and a release plan?
What will be the outcome of using lean manufacturing?
What is the best advice for struggling entrepreneurs?
What is the name given to the tendency of startup founders to believe they know what the market wants?
How do you verify your business idea and conduct market research, while bootstrapping with limited capital?
Would you like to intern with my startup (3-4 months) as an iOS developer in New Delhi?
What is the soonest that a seasoned CEO can be employed to replace the founder and take the lead?
I have a truly innovative business model, think Groupon before it was invented. How do I protect the idea and avoid copycats entering immediately?
Will Google's AMP impact the SEO strategies? How effective would it be to implement AMP?
Why do so few startups have positions in UX research?
What are some alternative titles to CEO in a startup project?
If you could hire only one person, would it be a developer or a manager?
If you are in the process of a "soft launch", should you seize media hype opportunities or avoid them?
Do you agree or disagree with the Lean Startup techniques?
Is Heroku and mLab the best and cheapest services to host Parse Server once an app starts growing and costing money?
For an MVP stage do I need all features listed below?
What does a UK citizen need to do in order to move to Silicon Valley and become a tech entrepreneur?
Product Marketing: What does "positioning" really mean?
How significant is networking in entrepreneurship?
What are some of the tools that you used very early on in your startup that you still use today?
I've profitable business model, good team, tech, live customer with profit. More customers in queue but we're short of funds. How do I get seed fund?
After pitching to 2 investors, they're asking me to handover everything (NDA can be signed), should I do it?
What's the max number of experiments to run at any given time?
How do I startup while in college with no Experience, Money or connections. Should I join an accelerator and leave my first job to follow my dreams?
which books do you suggest for startup?
Is it necessary for me to scale-up my startup ?
What do aspiring entrepreneurs usually spend their money for? As an experienced entrepreneur, what would you suggest they should purchase instead?
What does it take to succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
Can I hire a CEO for my startup without losing my equity via vesting?
Does my startup's in-house developed platform need customer validation though it got developed through direct experience of its founders?
What do you think about paying people who you've interviewed for customer development?
Is Reid Hoffman correct in saying: "If You're Not Embarrassed By The First Version Of Your Product, You’ve Launched Too Late"?
Is it a bad idea to launch a startup in a market that is shrinking?
Messaging: What is known about Slack in terms of their financials?
I have a high net worth network  and am working on an idea for a startup that will disrupt.How can I use my resources to fundraise and execute fast?
Are investors ok being approached by founders who have a day job & haven't yet registered their startup as a biz, but have a prototype & a biz plan?
Do you know of someone who's made it by himself not being technical? I'm talking about someone who's created a successful startup being a "nobody".
When should one search for investment after launching a MVP?
What is lean ops in simple term?
Aspiring Multimillionaires: how closely should you study, research and look into the "lean startup?"
I have never built an app before. How can I achieve proof of concept (MVP, Lean approach) without spending a lot of money?
How do I use lean startup to improve events?
I want to know about the concepts of six sigma, lean and other advances across various industries. Can anyone suggest a site or a book for this?
Is it best to outsource your MVP as non-tech founder, then hire on a CTO later, or find a tech-founder to develop MVP and then launch the startup?
Are startups/companies that pivot in response to investor feedback more successful? If so, by how much compared to those that don’t?
I have an app idea for the video game industry. How do I build a MVP and test the market for demand?
What should I do if I am the only developer in a B2B startup and I am paid at minimum wage with no equity?
What are the startups offering summer internship 2016 in Chennai?
How did the leading MOOC platforms approach the 'chicken & egg' problem of attracting students v. instructors?
Does lean startup also applies to the building, engineering and infrastructure?
What are the main goals of startup?
Larry Page, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates and many more: Why did they start in the US? Would they be as successful had they been born elsewhere?
Is there any online community for entrepreneurs?
Do startups appreciate the value of their advisory boards?
What is lean digital?
With the advent of mobile technology and apps such as uber, will mobile apps take over and become the way forward?
If my company can get supplies at very low price if bought in huge quantities, who is the one that loses in the operation?
How much time does Betapage.co take to publish the startup listing after submission?
What are some good resources for young professionals and female entrepreneurs?
What are the expenses we've to keep in mind while starting Web startup?
Are there some consulting services small businesses/startups are willing to pay for?
How do I raise a loan of ₹25000 (in India), for a start up without any security?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What are innovative business model of selling grains, taking from farmer and deliver it to end-user in India?
How can I start living my life and do what I love?
What are the current mistakes of people using lean startup?
Is Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services Basic really free? What version is the best for beginning developers?
What are the most important indicators/metrics that will show the progress for a startup?
Do lean practices actually work?
What is your review of The Lean Startup (book)?
Startups: Where can I learn about startup sales online other than blogs?
How good is the book 'Lean Startup'?
How do I buy a laptop for my startup?
What don't you do that make you different from other competitors?
How does a startup handle operational tasks such as accounting, payroll, and legal?
Is it ok to pay a consultant a one time flat fee to do a startup milestone and not minimum wage (which I can't afford to pay)?
What is the difference between The Lean startup method and normal marketing research?
How do you understand what the RAM, GB, process types, etc. for Heroku and mLab price means in terms of how much Parse Server usage/users that allows?
I read daily lifehacker.com and askmen.com, what are the best blog or podcast for entrepreneurs and starting small businesses?
Me and my friends are creating a online platform (website) to bring all psychologists at one place. How can we create a business plan and better team?
Is there an app/tool to do innovation accounting?
Why should a startup carry out its processes based on the lean manufacturing concept?
Are recipe aggregator highly unprofitable startups? How are they usually make money?
How does Carmudi.com by Rocket Internet make money when the entire service is free?
Young Entrepreneurs: Is an incubator/accelerator the best route for someone straight out of college with few resources trying to start an Internet company?
What project can I undertake on 30 acres of open land near the main airport in Nairobi that can be funded using rewards-based crowdfunding?
My startup Netlodge.net is doing great, but how do I gain more members? We already have 60,000 Twitter followers.
What are some of the great startup ideas lying unexploited right under our noses?
Where would you test a product idea for programmers, who want to found a company?
Startups: I rejected a $50k seed investment in my tech startup. Did I make the right choice?
A startup founder contacted me as an expert, and I gave him expertise for free. Now he wants me to develop a product. How do I request compensation?
How do I get all details about the startup I joined?
How many users or revenue should have a startup to determine $5M pre-money valuation?
What is a big enough total addressable market (TAM) to be attractive for venture capital investors?
How should an aspiring entrepreneur and web developer spend a $50 Amazon gift card?
What are some key things you should be doing during the launch week of a new startup?
How does one go about executing and scaling their startup as FAST as possible?
I'm a software engineer with an app (alpha build) and no desire to learn business management. How do I get investors/partners? Where do I start?
Is there a probability that India may produce tech companies like Google, Facebook, Quora etc. inspired by the Start Up India program?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I am Embedded Engineer with 1.5 years of exp, currently I am not working. Now I have this idea of Web domain. Shall I work on it ?
What are the factors to be considered while choosing technologies for a start up?
What are some criticisms of the Customer Development framework?
Which are some innovating and effective techniques for sales prospecting in B2B business?
How do I create a dedicated customer care set-up for Indian Quorans in Quora itself?
How much would it cost to start a tech startup as a non technical founder without any tech friends?
When should a startup move to Silicon Valley?
Morph.ai: is it a good name for a startup which ‘transforms anything into chat’?
What would happen if an airline was run like a startup?
I am in the process of creating a service that allows travel agents to book for their customers. I have one major competitor. How do I compete?
What roles are needed in an early stage startup?
I have my MVP, now what?
Are many startups pivoting?
How can I start a mechanical startup and take it as a sucessful one?
How to work on personal projects, and avoiding all possible IP problems with current company (UK)?
Does there exist a job in business and entrepreneurship where one simply generates innovative, original and promising business ideas?
Does Lean startup is the fastest method to build and test hypothesis?
What is the best way to do Police verification for individuals in Tamil nadu?
Just launched my first startup boxeal.com, what do you think?
How much money should founder take from startup?
How would you explain the lean methodology to your mum?
Is it likely for commerce to take place via mobile rather than Web with mobile paving the way forward?
Why do companies adopt agile?
My startup is a marketplace app. What is the recommended amount to include in budget for marketing using facebook?
What are good startup ideas for 2016?
How would you define the adjective in the phrase 'Lean start-up'?
What has better odds: becoming a consistent day trader or running a profitable startup?
If you give someone equity that vests after a milestone but you aren't incorporated yet, what exactly do you give them?
What type of business startups can I start for $20,000 (part-time)?
What amount of revenue is required for a healthy exit for a startup in an industry that is worth tens of billions?
I want to build an MVP for an online marketplace. What option do you think is best; A CMS based MVP, non-CMS based, or finding a techie co-founder?
What are some of the most inspiring books for software entrepreneurs?
What's the secret sauce behind Facebook and Uber? Why can't their competitors copy their ideas at the early stage?
How can I incorporate in Delaware without spending money on a lawyer?
How do I build an app startup?
How can I be an entrepreneur if math is not my best subject at high school?
If you wanted to find new moms to make customer development calls to, where would you find them?
Could you suggest books about building a billion dollar unicorn startup?
How can a 18 year old Start a Tech Startup in India?
Do I owe an accelerator that refuses to match my investment out?
Is entrepreneurship advocacy overblown in India and Pakistan?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What should a teen do, to prepare for entrepreneurship?
I have an startup idea (social network). And I have JavaScript background. Should I learn Meteor.js or Ruby on Rails for making MVP?
What Internet Technology start-ups can be formed in Health and Education sector of India?
Business plan is ready and well received by peers. How should I develop the tech part of the business? I am planning to seed my own startup initially
What is a "local maximum" equivalent to Harvard that startups like Facebook have saturated with some velocity on their way to scale?
What are examples of startups that use exclusivity as a major selling point?
Does a CS senior know enough to be a technical cofounder/CTO of a startup?
Do Microsoft notifies about MVP Nomination rejection?
What course or language or thing should I learn to get a handsome job in a startup?
Can you give someone equity vested after a milestone and then cofound with them and give them more equity vested over 4 years?
Startup Ideas: How can I get a hold of independent hotel owners to validate my idea?
What is the most profitable business you could start with only $5,000?
I tested two aspects with a landing page: problem-solution fit and pricing. Is this sufficient to claim market demand is positively validated?
Is it common for early-stage SaaS startup revenue to plateau around $2-3m ARR? Any milestones or stages that may contribute to this?
Would you like to be interviewed by a startup? Why?
Can you suggest name for a HR Consultancy firm with recruitment and resourcing both?
What are the lean ideas who saves cost?
What is the best project management tool for customer development?
I have customers who will buy next week, do I need to incorporate (or LLC-iate) before I accept their payment?
Is it necessary for a start-up to get acquired or go public?
I'm a non-dev starting an app that helps people connect to each other, similar to a dating app. Do I need to be full-time when my app launches?
What are the best ways to ask an entrepreneur/investor for feedback on my startup idea?
Who are some not-so-famous entrepreneurs that I can learn from?
How do I measure the success of my MVP ?
How is BookSellBuy.com C2C Business Model?
At what point in my entrepreneurial career would it be beneficial to buy a Lamborghini?
Should a startup worry about technical debt before reaching product/market fit?
What are some additional features and functions you wish AngelList had that it doesn't have now?
What should the commission structure be for the first sales hire at seed stage VC SAAS Startup?
Is it ok to send out early access invite on hacker news for a new website? Or what are the best venues for that purpose?
What preparations should I make if I might have to replace my passionate CTO who joined early when I find someone who suits that position better?
Startups: How do I expand my startup into another country/city? 
Should I build my own nearshore software company?
How does the paperwork for equity work?
Why are some startups less enthusiastic about big companies that use Lean Six Sigma while The Lean Startup is a modified version copy of it?
What famous companies are LLCs?
What activities around a startup office can you recommend?
Do I really need a partner to launch a startup business ?
What startup methodology may be applicable to a variable team of less than 10 located in as many time-zones?
Shouldn't public venture capital investors get price protection too?
What's the difference between Slack & Glip?
The Future: Which startups will "fall” in 2016 - 2020?
What is a great way to test the memorability of a company name?
How do I choose my features for a mvp?
What can entrepreneurs do to increase their chances of success?
How do we make Germany the best startup hub in the world?
Lean Startup: What are the business analytic tools that startups in Phase-1 use (MVP is released. Google analytics is not the right fit)?
Is there such a thing as an MVP for a luxury fashion startup?
What types of companies and products would be best served under the "lean startups" management model?
What does the perfect e-commerce engineering team look like at different stages of startup development?
Startups: What are some unique things people expecting when choosing a packages for travel and tours?
Where do you learn how to build a startup?
How can I optimize the resources by using both cad data as well as lean manufacturing?
What are examples of nice things you can do to your trainee at a startup?
How can I turn the disadvantage that I'm from Europe (not physically present in the US) into advantage when I want to launch a startup in the US?
How can I start my own PayPal Mafia?
What are the challenges you faced validating a problem your startup is solving?
How do you create a legal contract that will increase the amount of equity I earn over time working at a startup?
What is the best way to do customer development when you cannot speak directly to customers?
Do most people start hedge funds by themselves, without a cofounders?
Should I get corporate experience before building my own startup?
What are the best platforms to recruit tech and product guys?
If you show a working prototype of software to a potential customer, but they don't pre-pay to prove their interest, should you stop working on it?
Are there too many rules around startups and VC financing?
What are good companies/firms for doing a background check on a potential cofounder?
How can a software engineer help growth strategy?
Who are the best lean system consultants (local / international) for startup apparel factories based in South Asia ?
If I want start credit card business then what should be done first, getting merchants who will accept the card or getting customers who will use it?
Can you legally cofound a US startup with someone from another country, how does that work?
My prototype is done. I aim to take on clients from another country. Can I do this without actually being based there?
What is the best first product for a small team?
Is it a good idea to join an Accelerator program for a business idea or start with another interested cofounder instead?
What are top conferences and events tech entrepreneurs should consider attending?
Can you explain the essential techniques of bootstrapping?
What ways are there to evaluate the amount of development my startup will need to be realised?
Do I need to register startup for payment gateway and logistics service? 
What's the hardest part about interpreting your startups customer interviews?
What are the common myths in Indian entrepreneurial eco systems?
Entrepreneurship: We have reached 1.5M monthly users with our startup and will reach 2M by the end of this month. How difficult could it be to close our round A?
In what ways could Lean or Agile methodology be applied to government policy decisions and agency management?
What is the best way to rapid prototype in virtual reality?
My business partner and I are splitting our startup equity 60/40. I have put ~$15,000 into it and he put $0. What is a fair equity split? 
What are the ways I can validate a website idea that would primarily make money through ad revenue? What should I say to my target audience?
Can a person alone code an app like Instagram?
Is it possible to take a startup from MVP to 100M revenue in a year?
How do you ask a potential cofounder to do a background check you have setup without causing problems to the relationship or trust?
How should I conduct my problem / solution fit interview if my startup focus on providing wedding related products to couples?
Why is there a cult of frugality around early stage companies when  there are zero profit 'unicorns' burning millions on organic cous cous, massages, and ridiculous office decor?
How do successful entrepreneurs know which ideas have business potential?
How much equity did Snapchat and Instagram give for their seed funding?
Is a prototype for a startup enough to validate a product?
What are some negative sides on the lean startup methodology?
What are some factors to consider when finding cost saving potential from a Buyer's perspective?
My startup does revenue of $100M a year. What would my company be valued at?
Is it reasonable to expect to take over 10% of a market?
What do all new entrepreneurs need to start learning about?
What information must be disclosed by startups while they are still private?
What topics should be included in a product management fundamentals training?
Which is a better option to go for to increase brand awareness of a logistics startup eying only B2B business. Google AdWords or SEO?
How do you approach your last attempt?
How did Quora founders answer the question of, how big is the market and revenue size during their initial pitch?
What is the cheapest way to incorporate a startup as an LLC?
What was the one thing you wish you knew before starting a company?
My mobile app company (2 people) made $500k in revenue and $100k in profit (after salaries) in its first year. How can I sell it for $5 million?
Is there a clause that can be added to an incorporation agreement that says a founder's stock allocation (common/preferred stock) cannot be diluted?
Is there an MVP template?
How do I create scenario for usability testing if to accomplish the task, user will have to provide his personal details?
Is Japan a good place to start a start up?
What books every e-commerce entrepreneur must read before starting out?
Is it a major red flag if a good potential technical cofounder is not comfortable with giving me their references for due diligence?
What is the best way to build a lean business plan?
What is the best collaboration tool for a team of 3?
Can equity vest and still be dilutable?
If there is access to better developers and domain knowledge in London, should Development take place there with a sales team in the Middle East?
As of Jan 2016, has the bay area job market cooled off?
What would happen if advertised products could be analyzed in seconds according to your own individual specifications (e.g. product characteristics)?
What tools do you use to keep your business organized?
When is the right time to work on an explainer video for my startup to show for potential customers/ investors (now in customer discovery stage)?
What questions do I ask the references of a potential technical cofounder?
I'd like to reach out to users of thehunt.com. Their site doesn't allow for messaging. Does anyone have any ideas on how I might do that?
Does startups need MBA professionals with programming experience?
Startups: What does it mean to "fail better"?
What awesome things you would want people to know about your Business?
What businesses can Europeans start and run in the US from Europe?
How comprehensive is the 2001 code audit check-list?
What field should I focus on in my Q&A site?
How do I evaluate project proposals?
Is it advised to have your software developed in India or not?
Why does Quora have a bias towards Silicon Valley, Lean Startup and other Startup related trends from the valley? I found a remarkable bias toward these topics when I had chosen my profile.
What would be a suggested startup strategy for a lean digital agency?
Are there any successful websites/apps to make new platonic friends to do activities? Not a dating website.
Where is it better to conduct online survey targeting tourists with regards to restaurant discovery app?
Is growth hacking a new alternative for marketing?
How did Avanoo grow from 1300 to 5m in 1 year?
Is it possible to work 3 full time jobs and do a startup?
Shall I create business model canvas instead of busienss plan for my startup?
Are there successful startups / companies that specialise in Machine Learning for basic science driven areas?
Our startup has commercialized a BSD licensed project, is there anything wrong with doing this, even if the project maintainer hates our idea?
What are some high profile attempts at using the lead startups model that have resulted in failure?
What are some startup costs that you didn't anticipate?
Is the tech industry the only place to make major profit ? Can anyone name recent rich entrepreneurs in other industries/sectors not tech related?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I solicit feedback from retail mobile marketing executives on my idea?
Where can I find a screenshot of the original Zappos MVP webpage?
Are there any examples of very successful information based companies?
UK Business: I'm 22 and have an idea for a range of technology products I want to manufacture and set up a company around. Where can I start?
Startup Advice: What is your opinion about an app where people would be able to find out who is on their flight/airport and network with them?
What was Drizly's MVP?
Is there an anthropological answer to the entrepreneur movement at a global scale apart from the late world financial crisis?
I have an idea for an app. What is the best way to get it made with little to no investment?
I'm 16 years old and want to join some small bootstrapped startup and work for free. Where can I find them?
Sheryl Sandberg: What sparked the idea to start writing your first Book "Lean In"?
How wise is it to give up my software developer job to start a one man startup?
My startup is sending me on a guilt trip because of the team that I have recruited. What should I do? See details
What are your personal reasons for being involved in business and why?
What if in an startup company interview I say "I want to be an entrepreneur" as a long term goal?
How much will it cost me to develop a telecom customer service like Justdial?
How do marketers and scientists quantify personalities and behaviors into usable data?
Who are some entrepreneurs who started their company with less than $5K and become successful?
Why do startups work at coworking spaces?
What does it mean to do a product launch these days, considering you can sell your MVP?
What are some simple yet unknown innovations in the Indian online start-up space which most people don't know about?
What should I do if my co-founders only contribute marginally just enough to not be asked to leave and to wait until their stocks are fully vested?
How many people became millionaires off the internet after 2008 starting with zero, and what were their companies?
How do producers / entrepreneurs in media (film, music, stage, concerts, opera, other productions) validate their product before going to market?
I have successful startup but I don't know how to find investment, or consultant to solve current problems
Why do so many tech companies raise money if you don't need a lot of money to start a tech company?
Do lean startups work or not?
Should I only focus on learning HTML, CSS, & JS to create an MVP?
Do you need to do customer development in a proven market?
Should an entrepreneur focus on hybrid programming (HTML, CSS, JS) or should they focus on native tools (Java, Objective C/Swift)?
How do you measure interest or desire when showing a high fidelity prototype with tools like marvel and invision?
Minimum Viable Product (MVP): Should I focus on my niche product or my B2B API?
Innovation: What are the best examples of people or organisations using "speed hacks" to reduce the time from idea to reality? How did they do it?
In early 2016, what does a typical benefits package look like for post-Series A startups in the Bay Area?
What is the difference between lean startup and rapid prototyping methodologies?
Lean Startups: How do I find early adopters for my Q&A site?
What tech companies hire from Hedge Funds?
What is your biggest problem as an entrepreneur looking to build a mobile or web app and start a business?
What do you do in IMVU?
What habits are most effective for adapting the lean startup methodology and mindset?
How do I recruit interviewees for MVP testing?
I can only commit 2 years to a startup. How far can I take it? 
How can you structure a co-founder relationship so that it doesn't turn into constant debate?
I have an enormous business idea, how do I make it a reality?
In the lean startup, Eric Ries talks about the IMVU cofounder who betrayed his cofounders and went to Google to create a clone. Who is this person?
Has someone ever tried to make a landing page that adapts to the adwords campain that leads to it?
What is lean?
Sheryl Sandberg: Lean In: How do we spread the core message, through our actions in the local communities?
What is the best state to register a global startup?
How do you build a business Mastermind? What websites exist to help make them?
Joe Lonsdale: What is your view on Lean Startup methodology and What is the pinch of salt advice from lean methodology?
Why has no one started a lean, mobile-first bank with good customer service?
We have a product that is 95% ready but slow and buggy. It uses a lesser-known full-stack framework and our own text editor. My co-founder suggests that we should rebuild it using an open-source text editor and React. This will delay the launch but speed up further development. Should we rebuild it?
What software do SaaS companies with mobile apps (multiple sales channels) use to keep track of core financial metrics?
We just begin a startup, and we would like to have the best counselor or consultant we can get. What is the best way to get what we want?
What are unique or fascinating business experiments you conducted and what were the results?
What are some great free collaboration tools for teams?
Why is "Lean On" song so overated?
If a startup can only be disruptive when it solves a pain point - what causes (or initiates) the pain point?
Is the Lean Startup approach a good way to decide upon a career?
What nowadays technology would you use if you have to build the MVP of dropbox?
How do I start a lean project?
What are best ways to contact effective in-depth interviews with people you know?
How much revenue is usually needed to raise a $1MM seed round?
How do I get training in customer development?
How do I decide which idea to pursue?
What startups are preparing to disrupt the future of business?
What are some excellent examples of Minimum Viable Marketing (MVM)?
What is the single most helpful book on entrepreneurship you have ever read?
What are the best ways to develop communities around a web product?
Are there any lean startup consultants or coaches in Ahmedabad?
What would it take for you to leave your job and co-found a start-up?
How should I approach finding the next startup that I should be working for?
What should startups look for when seeking data center space?
How much interviews do you need to validate a problem?
Can you use 1000 $ to get traction for your startup, how?
My co-founder does not believe in reading books like lean startup and the like. What should I do?
What businesses can be started online that doesn't involve physical goods?
What can I do in Marketing while the products are not ready for massive usage?
How do people survive financially after quitting their job and pursuing the entrepreneur route of a startup?
What do you think about home page design of Team Productivity SaaS app tmail21.com?
What are the pitfalls of adapting lean startup in big companies.?
How much will it cost to build and maintain a service based website like OYOrooms in India?
I have an idea for an app, should I build a prototype first or how do I go about it?
Is lean startup only for big companies?
What logistics businesses can be run in the USA from abroad?
What are the advantages of Asana over Producteev?
How do you remunerate advisors for a startup that you're not going to sell?
At what point  in your startup development should you consider reaching out to investors?
What are the Lean methods that I can recommend my management of a Mid-size agrochemical company?
What are some interesting articles on continually improving process?
What would you say is Level Money's "unfair advantage"?
What does a customer development manager do?
Are Oyobaby & OyoRooms the same company?
Does lean manufacturing work or fail?
Is the lean startup dead?
What types of startups can I run when I can program only little?
What qualities n qualification does a VC require or seek in a startup founder? What r the other formalities that needs to be fulfilled before funding?
How much money should a start up company (30-40 employees) spend on office perks (snacks, activities, etc)?
Do you know the best tools for lean methodologies?
Why did Eric Ries play up Zappo's founder Nick Swinmurn's vision in "The Lean Startup" but made no mention of Tony Hsieh?
How can you measure potential with at most surety of an early stage start up?
How do I complete MVP if lead developer is busy?
What was zomato's mvp (no. of listing at the time of release)?
Do you need an idea (product or service) to use Lean Startup to create your company?
Startups: What is Circld?
What do I write in a linkedin summary when I am switching careers and turning an entrepreneur?
Sheryl Sandberg: How does the concept of Lean In help women in tech?
In 2015, why should I start a tech company in LA and not SFBA?
Is it a good idea to creat Google products portal On this domain name? Howigoogle.com
How do you create a value curve?
What are some of the best Startup Quotes?
Is it smart to branch off the development of my company to india?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
What are some ways to recover if you've failed to successfully use the lean startups method in your company? How can you get back on track to success?
Is there a way I can buy users for my startup?
What are the best ways to convince companies to license my technology when they consider it a core competency (in the US)?
Is there a big downside to using .Co instead of .Com for a startup?
What are the advantages of using Lean Canvas vs. just writing your own 1-page business model offline?
Does lean startups advocate that one should not make a feasibility study?
My grades are bad because I do nothing for School. I work way harder at self education and try to create an app. Do I have to worry about my future?
Is it necessary to do due diligence and background checks on a potential cofounder if we are both young?
How many money do I earn selling a 100$ object with dropshipping?
We have an MVP, market traction, $600k ARR, $1mm in capital. Should we seek VC or continue at it alone?
Can I collect investment from investors via Paypal Mail Order?
I like to do non-tech startups; Is there any need for me to learn programming languages? Can I manage with the resource available in the internet?
What's your motivation to bootstrap your startup?
What are the most important ideas in 'The Lean Startup'?
Is it true that most startups start in adversity? If yes, why is it so?
Andrew Ng: What do you think about future Machine Learning startups will be?
Is there a company, group, institution, or single persons with major experience in successful Startups that could get involved as counselors, if so, which are the right approaches in order to get their interest in a business relationship, and how can I get in touch with them?
CFOs, controllers and finance-savvy CEOs and founders: What are some must-read blog posts and articles you've come across lately that pertain to your work?
What should be my answer if VC , Investor or Angel investor asks why did your first Startup failed?
Where can I find a best legal advisor for a startup into ecommerce?
Jason McCabe Calacanis: When do you guaranteed minimum incomes could become a viable idea?
How does it feel to see someone build a multi-billion-dollar business on the concept of your previously failed startup?
How can I contact or meet billionaires to invest in a life extension company pertaining to stem cells?
How do you find people to do customer interviews?
What is a practical number of advisors for a start up?
How can I find early adopters for a new charity product?
What classifies a lean startup from others?
After creating my MVP with how many people should I share it?
What are some of the answers that successful startups have given to the famous Peter Thiel question?
Founder depression, what to do when things aren't clicking?
What are the common assumption and estimation mistakes Managers do while hiring UX?
How is a pivot different from a Plan B?
I've developed a startup company and intend to keep it out of legal issues (SEC Registration) till the time I get some traction. What is the possible ways to share equity with partner or employees?
How to sign NDA with other co-founders and employees, when my startup is not yet incorporated?
What were some of the interesting ways you acquired your customers?
How can one force desperation (urgency) upon him/herself?
I have recently been invited to manage a new coworking space in São Paulo, Brazil. I'm excited about it, but uncertain about the challenges I may face & how to deal with them, and eager to know how I can prepare myself to excel at the job. What are the main skills I should develop?
Is à méditation startup worth starting?
Where can I find a comprehensive and international list of Teal organizations?
How do you release a MVP that you personally find inadequate then charge customers for it?
Entrepreneurship in India: At what stage of a startup do VC's consider investing in the company?
Why is there so much confusion about Twitter?
What is the best way to run a lean company?
What are creative ways to increase user installations for a video streaming app besides partnerships?
When interviewing as an SDR or AE for a B2B SaaS startup, what are some key questions I can ask the company to determine 1) their product/market fit 2) market opportunity 3) my earning potential?
Where can I find someone to advise for my startup?
When starting a potentially valuable start-up as a 17 year old what are some things to do so I don't get screwed?
What is the most common annoying/problematic thing that an investor usually meets at tech entrepreneurs/startups pitching for investment?
How does one promote a project which benefits can only be felt offline?
As a startup founder of three years our legal housekeeping is a bit of mess, how can I best setup a system to organize and track what needs to be done and what needs to get fixed?
From operation management perspective: who are some famous professors in the field of lean manufacturing?
Of tech startups that go public, what percentage are profitable at IPO? And what user growth rates have they achieved to get to IPO? Where can I find data on this?
How do you deal with someone threatening to file a law suit before being incorporated?
What are the steps to reach the funding meeting with a funder? Currently we have only an unstructured idea with little/no background knowledge about how to proceed next
If our target market is Europe, can we still apply to TechStars?
Why did Cooking.com lose profitability and eventually get sold to Target?
What checklist and system did you follow to build a successful business?
How do you validate a market for a fashion business?
What's an minimal way to charge for your MVP?
What are good bizdev/partnership strategies to increase app downloads for a video streaming platform?
How do I lean Tableau?
Is there any Pay Per Share model that actually work?
What industries/markets will be the keys to make the next wave of entrepreneurs, Gen Y, wealthy and successful?
What was the moment that made you study and apply Lean management principles?
What lingo in startup culture do you feel is overused today and what should replace it?
Why are lean startup consultants so expensive (normally 50-100 USD per hour)?
Which developing countries have the most potential for startups and why?
LeanLaunchLab.com is shutting down. What's a good alternative to track Lean Startup process?
An MVP is supposed to have a few important features. Does it also need to be only on one platform or for launching you can have an MVP for web and mobile? What does the lean methodology advise?
Lean Startups: Is there any technical writing application which is useful for a small startup firm?
Why are so few people/teams founding startups to solve ocean problems?
What is the optimal allocation of time and resources in startups, how does it evolve between early-days and the point where it's ready to scale?
Are there a list of cases about startups achieving product market fit?
Is it a good idea to start a very ambitious startup as a young first time entrepreneur, or is it  better to start with a startup addressing a smaller problem?
What are the current opportunities in the forex and general trading industry for startups?
Is it possible to get funded by an accelerator without attending the two to three month accelerator program?
What is the difference between a prototype and a minimum viable product (MVP)?
Can you use a lawyer and a business model to find a minimum viable product for an LLC you began at age 20?
What are some innovative ideas for non-diluting financing for a tech startup?
I have a small budget and I have to pick only one of these book the lean startup, the hard things about hard things and from 0 to 1, which one should I choose?
What happened to the famo.us JavaScript framework?
Is there scientific/empirical evidence that the lean start-up method reduces failure in start-ups?
Is there anything like "Lean canvas" but for marketing?
How do I get RIGHT influencers/initial users for my Startup?
How can I create a system to test my product ideas before launch?
What are the main problems a tech startup is dealing with most, during each startup stage?
Was Facebook a "lean startup"?
Which are the most active online communities, chat rooms where you would pitch a fintech startup?
Who are the key consultants and mentors to lean startups?
How should a B2B publisher reinvent himself?
Have you followed the principle 'Bootstrap First, Raise Money Later'?
Why do venture capital funded startups fail more often than bootstrapped startups?
I was thinking of creating a Quora like web application but for students. Assuming user acquisition isn't a problem what ways could I monetize this application without displaying ads?
If you are using the Lean start-up at what point do you trademark your product and incorporate as a company? Before the MVP? Or prior to launch?
I have built a kickass product. How do I market it?
Will Pedram Keyani ever think to work for an Indian startup?
After your idea and lean canvas is validated and you have first few paying customers within days, what framework could help execution? Thanks
Is it wise to startup in other country if the market you want is occupied in your country?
What are some clever ways in which you have turned buyers around that originally had a bad impression of you?
Where can I find Ios / Android developers online to hire?
I have a different work ethic than my fellow founders. Is it bad to be so?
What is the quickest way to attract a lot of attention to a startup that has just started going viral?
Why do silicon valley people spends money on people where Asian spends on marketing?
How do I apply the Lean startup method to a TV network?
I am a Senior Software Engineer with almost 9 years of experience in IT sector. Is just technical knowledge enough to create my own business that makes millons of money? If not, what I need more?
How do I make a product simple and flexible?
I recently launched a fashion startup. How do I convince users to signup?
What is the time duration to learn  Java script?
I have a referral code for UBER which should give me free ride when I sign up. But I think I am doing something wrong. Can someone tell me exactly what are the steps? My code is sumanb185ue.
I am a tech founder. Developed the whole product and got some beta users. How can I get funding for marketing my startup?
When does a startup move to data driven decision making?
How do I launch my startup outside India?
Do CEO's of well established brands use any specific types of platforms / strategies to make sure that their emails are not easily discovered and/or found?
Are entrepreneurs overly focused on obtaining investment at the expense of product and customer development?
When is it viable to only distribute income to content producers after startup expenses have been covered?
I have validated a problem, a user group, and a solution via success metrics, hard data, and user interviews and testing. The only problem is I'm not super passionate about the industry. What do I do? Do I find someone else to run this project? Let the idea die? Or push on myself?
Can anyone let me know the websites similar to www.yourstory.com, like specific to India?
What are tools every soloprenuer should use?
I have a web developer/designer who will make my website full functional in 3 months. I am giving him some cash (too less) and 2% of the share of my startup. Is it a good deal?
Is it worth it to create a direct competitor for Betalist & Product Hunt?
Does the book "Startup Owner's Manual" include most learnings from the books "Four Steps to Epiphany" and "Lean Startup"?
How do I get Ashton Kutcher to advise our startup on equity basis?
Do any non-linear dynamic (chaos theory) equations describe user growth in startups?
What are top 3 most annoying concerns of a tech founder/entrepreneur at each development stage of his startup?
What is GrowthHackers - A Community for Growth-Focused Marketers - Trending - GrowthHackers business model? How are they making money?
Which startups have the best shot at competing with SpaceX?
What are your thoughts on using MTurk to do customer interviews? Pros and cons?
If lean startup principles begin with identifying a problem, what methodology exists to discover problems worth solving?
What would a perfect and ideal start-up business model look like?
How much money can you make by organising Startup Grind event?
How does a company scale?
How does one come to know that your startup idea is one in million?
Are Australian incubators Pollenizer and Blue Chilli giving a fair deal to new startup founders & do the same deals exist outside of Australia?
What is the fastest way to build MVP for web-based application?
In an alternate, parallel universe where every startup gets $10 million of automatic funding initially, would the failure/success of startups be different?
How can I find (preferably open) databases containing marketing mix variables and results in sales?
What are the requirements for an IT startup?
Who can be a better tech CoFounder of the two: the one who has 6 years of experience but will operate out of foreign country till serieA funding or the one who has 5 months of experience but lives nearby?
What is a good umbrella term for the combination of Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking?
What is the best Lean Startup course available worldwide?
How many MAU would be striking of a disruptive chat platform to be noticed by a VC for A series deal?
How can I discover who are my (future) customer?
If my startup's revenue streams based on commissions from Hotels and other properties like booking.com. How can I calculate my profits forecasting into my business plan annually?
I'd like to run a test to see if users might want to order a service from my site, without actually charging the customer. It's purely to validate if such a demand exists through willingness to pay. What's my best option?
Where can I download "The Lean Startup: How Constant Innovation Creates Radically Successful Businesses" by Eric Ryes complete ebook for free?
How can I make networks with great people?
What do startup software product managers do on a day to day basis?
How do you manage graphic designers to ensure you can get creative, beautiful work in small batches for a lean startup?
How do I practice the lean startup principle?
What are the frameworks, checklists, tools, or question-lists for lean startup?
Whare are the top 10 issues of SaaS CEO's?
Is lean startup working for startups adressing the Enterprise market?
Can I open a startup in Brazil that profits from U.S. users?
Where can you buy wristbands which have custom capabilities. For example ones which include both GPS tracking and NFC?
How do I develop a viable sales plan for a niche product I have developed?
How do I validate an idea about improving a service if the actual user of this service are already satisfied, but I think it can be get better?
What should a teen that is passionate about Entrepreneurship/Management do with his/her free time?
Platforms and Startups: Which ones are the most effective strategies to solve, at the lower cost possible, the Chicken & Egg problem?
Do you believe on the paradigm of quick growth or death for new software companies?
How would college graduates feel about working for a founder who is younger and never went to college?
What are some good opportunities for lean startups in the space industry?
What kind of system can be applied to assure honesty from the employees?
How do I sell domain names to startups?
Can you help me make a list of e-commerce start-ups, who started their business by launching a Minimum Viable Product and succeeded? I know Zappos. Who else?
How fast should a consumer website grow from launch to be interesting to investors?
Can any business be successful with an idea, money and manpower?
How do I make automatic feedback to feed metrics of my MVP?
How can technology improve the operations of UN agencies and NGOs worldwide? I'm trying to come up with something like an Uber or Airbnb that would help solve real world problems. Any ideas or suggestions would be great.
What's the best way to fund a startup prototype?
I have an idea for an app/website but have no coding experience. What are the next steps I have to take to make it happen?
How does 10x product usually built: from day one or incremental?
I have a 1000 names that I need to get an email address for or otherwise reach out to. What's the best way to do it?
What kind of revenue model a Food/Beverages startup can follow?
What are the must read books for tech start-up finance, and human resource's? All of the video's, ted talks, e-books, any material of ayn kind is highly appreciated
How is lean startup effective and efficient?
What is a good team culture to develop for a newly seed funded startup?
I'd like to run customer interviews with women between 16 and 30 regarding fashion (for my startup). What's the best way to go about doing this?
How is founding a startup like being in a band?
Startups: How do I create and drive customer demand before launching product?
What are some reliable SAAS technologies to moniter, audit and hold accountable for your virtual employees?
Who makes more money, a bootstrapped entrepreneur or an entrepreneur who raises a lot of VC money?
What are the biggest time wasters while building your startup?
Can a foreign company selling online in Australia charge Australian GST?
How do I get users for my new startup?
Is it ok to star Startup "an app" with an idea that I don't know if it will scale to millions of users?
What are some ideas for getting B2B customers to finance a startup?
Where can I find a good but affordable colour palette designer for a web-based social network in MVP state?
I'm creating the next Facebook and I've received funding. What steps should I take?
How do I promote a new SaaS-based application?
Why is Eric Ries so well known but no one knows about IMVU, his original lean startup?
What are some of the best academic work, the most relevant articles of the last decade on organizational growth, organizational change and organizational adaptation?
How do you teach early-stage startups to use the Lean Startup methodology?
Has anyone personally experienced building a billion/million dollar company by strictly following the Lean Startup method? Do you have any advice?
How do I make the Bitcoin community friendly toward a Bitcoin startup project, what are the most important factors they care about?
Speaking from perspective of the book 'The Lean Startup', how did you validate the value and growth hypothesis of your business idea? (See details)
How have you tested product/market fit for an online/internet business?
Can investors ask for my software design documents, before investing?
What do I need to prepare for Error & Omission Insurance before negotiating with the insurance company?
Why did Eric Reis release the worst prototype possible in the Lean Start-up with IMVU?
What (new concepts) would you recommend a B2C publisher?
Funding: When a startup gets funded is the whole amount given in a single go or is it in stages? Also is it possible that investment gets pulled back?
Is LegalZoom good enough for creating Terms & condition + Privacy policy for a new B2B mobile app and website?
Instead of looking for investors I want them to look for me, is it possible?
As a first-time founder, where should I be spending my time?
What are the largest paid membership sites in terms of users?
Why do a lot of services not yet exist in Israel? (Yelp, Spotify, Netflix, Amazon, Google Store, and so much more)
Are there success stories of startup founders who failed in their first venture but succeeded later?
How do you reconcile the success of the "Build it and they will come" model with the lean start-up model?
Where can I lean metalsmithing?
What are the best practices for building a *sustainable* Unicorn?
What are examples of online only new consumer product launch?
Can an SaaS business be established with a low budget or self funding?
How can you use big data technology for analytic in startups to disrupt the market?
What do VCs look for in founding teams (first time founder)?
Before building a successful startup, how the founder must prepare himself in technical aspects such as design, development and performance maintanence?
Who are the most active Angels / VC's on Quora?
In your opinion, what are the most promising technologies in the oil and gas sector?
How do I create hype, traction and consumer demand using storytelling for my startup?
I've raised $4k of my $50k goal on Kickstarter with 33 days left. Getting only 1 backer a day now. I have no money for advestising of any sorts and my personal network is small. Is my campaign salvageable?
How does one know whether particular thing-to-happen is an obsession or determination?
How did Airbnb initially test and validate their hypothesis that people are willing to stay at a stranger's house, and that home owners are willing to rent our their homes to strangers for a day at a time?
Is there a Slack prototyping or wire framing theme?
What are some funniest moments or funniest stories or funniest pics of startups in India?
Why do some products pick up traction so fast and others not?
In an app led business (ie Uber) what are the key cashflow considerations for the app itself (ie. hosting)?
How can I sell physical goods in US without being there?
Can I outsource the creation of my MVP (minimal viable product)?
What is the business model of Paytm? What is its concept, capability and value?
Is there such a thing as a startup "corporate housekeeping" checklist?
I'm 19 years old and I learned to program in iOS. I want to build my own company some day. However, I need advice on how to get my products out there and how to become successful in what I'm doing. How can I achieve that?
What are the pros & cons of private investors vs venture capitalists for a startup?
Where can I find early adopters for my SaaS?
What are the most successful membership sites?
Why do you think people are going to pay in advance to be listed in a platform that isn't live yet?
What role do agile/scrum play in the lean startup?
Should I incorporate before starting the development of a working prototype?
Business: Where should I start from?
Is there any difference between a one-pager and an executive summary?
If you're interested in entrepreneurship/startups, and you're going to law school, how would you spend your next two years?
What are the approaches to increase user signup?
How do I improve the strategy for marketing if I don't have money?
Would deeply understanding motivations and motivators behind customers' decisions help you in business planning?
I am creating a web app to streamline the use of online project management tools by connecting them together in one dashboard so you can avoid tab overload, resetting passwords and disorganization. Is this something people would use?
Now a days a lot of CS startups are on the media. But other than in the computer science field, few startups make it big and get in the media. Why?
How do we develop a relationship with our early adopters?
Can you recommend a free, easy-to-use, visual and web-based startup idea management system?
How can we apply Lean Methodology to the big data and data science solutions?
What transition does a salaried, hardworking, middle class person have to undergo when he/she takes up entrepreneurship?
Which niche groups of people are ideal as early adopters (seed groups) for community websites like Quora?
Should I accept 17% equity?
What's the best shipping frequency for an MVP?
What obstacles are there for a very ambitious startup to develop the first version on WordPress?
If I know deep down that I already have the perfect name, is it better to create a new business name just because the domain name is taken?
I'm launching a site in 4 weeks. If 1M users create an account in the first month, how could I approach VCs for funding to scale?
How do I become an awesome marketer so that I can use that knowledge for a future startup? What stuff do I need to know to achieve it?
Which are the best startups that are only in one country and not abroad yet?
What books are a must read for lean principles other than 'The Lean Startup'?
Are there institutes/bootcamps that offer guidance for founding your own startup?
What is the meaning of a lean period?
What are some effective ways for UX and visual designers to collaborate on projects?
Can one build a startup outside office hours when working full-time as a new employee of a big firm?
Should a startup try to skip the "selling to earlyvangelist" step and go directly to "selling to scalable customers" step?
Mentors and Mentoring: Why is it so incredibly important to know thyself in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
How much information should I give on social media about the U/I (user/interface) of the app that I am going to launch?
Should my company have a board of directors?
Is it normal for entrepreneurs to have growing insecurity as the release day for a minimum viable product approaches?
Why hasn't the Zenefits business model been cloned?
What are the best resources for entrepreneurs seeking project-based labor on a shoestring budget?
When is the best time of year to get press for a new startup?
I have a startup idea, but I am alone and I don't have a team. How can I hire someone to build my team and how can I trust someone else for my startup?
What are examples of lean dough and gateaux?
What can we extrapolate from Uber's increasing revenue losses?
Where can I find startups or small business that need help with their web or app design/development?
Why more and more existing companies and startups  are going towards native apps instead of websites?
Should I use an AdWords campaign to gain an email list for my Kickstarter project?
Is there a need for a website that helps entrepreneurs?
What should be the right steps to turn any idea to a startup?
Should a lean software startup work on functionality and UX in parallel or should one follow the other?
What would it be like if startup competitions were online?
What's the best way to write a legally binding agreement for a start-up?
How do you search for a customer pain online?
Where can I find a marketing strategist / growth-hacker to help seize the "low-hanging fruit" within my app business?
What are the lean marketing ways in which a startup can be promoted?
How can I start any IT related business with just 2000 euros?
As a software company, what system do you use to capture and vote on ideas?
What is the best way to come up with an Eric Ries/lean startup-style proof of concept?
What is a cool office space in London (preferably near Oxford circus) that is quite open plan? It also needs to accommodate for a growing sales team with a minimum of 10 people. What is the best place?
Why are companies such as Uber, Airbnb, Snapchat, Dropbox, etc. still called startups?
Do developers/engineers in London prefer cash over equity?
I have designed an eCommerce booking engine. I will be launching a corporate website and then I will be developing an MVP (minimum viable product). What CMS should I use?
Startups in India: Is it necessary to get a startup incorporated before approaching investors?
How was ShopClues successful amid the huge e-commerce competition?
What is some feedback on www.spreetree.org?
For a consumer web startup, is it possible to achieve product market fit but not be growing exponentially (in terms of user growth)?
How do I build, develop, and execute MVP?
What good startups currently use the Lean Startup methods and are hiring?
What does the research on Entrepreneurial DNA seem to point to?
I’ve studied design for the past 15 years and I currently teach product design at high school level (up to AP or sixth form/A-level in the UK). How would/could I go about productizing my intellectual property and what kind of business could I create by using this IP?
What are some thoughts about renting goods daily?
I am launching my first web-based startup. What infrastructure should I deploy for the short term, and what should I look to scale to within 12 months?
What is the business model for Free Code Camp?
What is the cheapest website to use for designing and printing my own T-shirts?
How do I take the payment from our first paying customer when we don't have a minimum viable product yet?
Why do Steve Blank and Bob Dorf never give any credit to Eric Ries about the Lean startup methodology?
When starting with the partnership, how should you proceed? Should you discuss all the aspects of an idea in detail or discuss them superficially, do the partnership deed, and then share all the details?
What is the best option for someone who wants to be a CEO at some point of a tech firm, out of a business analyst or a scrum master?
Why does a company need a product manager if it has an UX team?
How do you make lean at home?
Are any startup accelerators out there using Launchpad Central partially or completely? Are there any low-hanging fruit benefits from the product? Are there any gotchas?
Why does Silicon Valley Bank send plain-text passwords for the forgot password functionality?
What did UpCounsel use as its first minimum viable product?
I have my web startup prototype built (just a MVP). I have $100k (my own) in funding. What will be the next step to take using this money to move forward with the product?
What are the online marketing challenges for a startup company?
What is lean process for improvement?
What’s the best way for me to get customers for a user testing service?
With low marketing budgets and no historical conversion data, would you recommend driving traffic to the website or the app (both serve the same purpose)?
Should I prepare the business model keeping VCs in mind or should it be self sustainable?
How much money and work do you think it would take to create a nonprofit Uber competitor that gave 95% of all the income to the drivers?
How do entrepreneurs get the first customers with no track record of their company?
What providers help startups with hosting and backend, so they can focus on creating their business?
After a week of tweaking my landing page, the bounce rate from my Google text ad is still nearly 90% and the clicks aren't cheap. I'm assuming my ad is attracting users with low commercial intent. What should I do?
Where can I find an advisor outside of Silicon Valley who has built and sold companies and is well-versed in Lean Startup methodology?
How did Uber get their first bookings when they launched?
Are startup competitions critical products?
Can JIT and Lean Manufacturing Systems be applied to non assembly type manufacturers?
Can lean startup methodology be applied to a web design startup?
What did Rocket Lawyer use as its first minimum viable product?
I am CEO of a bootstrapped startup. How can I earn 1000$ a month to fund my venture by spending 15 hours a week?
When approaching a VC, how do I prove that we need their money if our product (website/app) is built and working already?
How might the lean startup process be applied to restaurants?
What products in the fashion/accessories industry are the easiest to produce?
How do you deal with having to extend a coming soon campaign before a startup launch?
What should I do? What is a better choice?
How is it possible to have a billion dollar net worth and not know the difference between net profit and gross profit?
I've developed a device that would save stakeholders in just one small geographical part of the market over $30 million annually. How can I become an appealing startup to tech incubators? What tech incubators would be the best fit?
Why don't we have entrepreneur meetups in Hyderabad more often?
When you're just founding a new company that people have not heard of, how are you able to seek out and convince the people who have already accomplished much in the industry to come join?
Can the incentive for a service be to save money? Is a points based system necessary?
What would be an interesting topic for a MSc research paper on startups (preferably post product-market fit)?
Shall I get my prototype build by outsourcing and later hire people for the start-up?
Do I need to be an expert in the field in which I am launching a startup?
What is the biggest problem with the http://maply.us application?
Does Elon Musk practice "lean startup" practices?
What should I do if my co-founder wants to focus on their career?
How do I raise $200K from investors as an early capital investment?
Why do most of the CEOs of the IT companies look skinny?
Is it better to start with a minimum viable product or to tease it with a video that shows how the final product works, and wait for the money to build it?
Do you think a startup will benefit from this http://assessment.tarful.com?
Is any major start-up event taking place in Mumbai, India where aspiring entrepreneurs can network, learn, and look for investors and co-founders (tech and non-tech)?
What is an all-encompassing company name for 2 personal growth businesses - one in health and one in business?
How would you apply the lean startup methodology to a street stall business?
How does one get acquired?
Which are the richest "companies" run and owned by one person?
Why didn't Quantly work out?
I got an interview with a successful business man for my blog. What questions should I ask him?
What are the pros and cons of using Rackspace as a startup?
How much coding should I learn if I've other skills but am really keen to launch a tech startup?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
What is the best way for a company to use the computer as a telephone?
How do I come up with a marketing plan for a mobile app which was launched a few months ago and already has a social presence?
I have an MVP in beta with 20 paying users. I would like to offer the paid consultant who helped build the MVP a role in the company as co-founder and COO. The MVP is based on my proprietary content that was developed over five years. How much equity should I offer?
How do you calculate the profit or loss in a manufacturing plant?
Should I pursue MVP or not?
Which Steve from Silicon Valley influenced the tech startup world more, Steve Blank or Steve Jobs?
Which are the best examples of Minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is your feedback on my startup, Tandem?
Why startups in emerging countries struggle more to find VC funding? Where to apply to overcome this hurdle?
How do I start a business with minimal investment?
What are a few good methods of working out and reverse engineering a SaaS competitor's customer acquisition strategy?
None of my friends or friend's friends are technical, and I want to find a technical co-founder. What's the best way to go about it?
Doubts in startup company registration , its address selection and mode of registration (offline/online)?
What things must a team of young entrepreneurs know?
Do any international investors invest in startups and teams from Serbia?
Is it smart to build a website using open source codes to see if it will work? Can that be seen as the MVP lean startup method?
What are ways to deal with burnout before a startup launch?
I'm testing mock sales for my startup's MVP with a landing page test. What should happen after the customer clicks the faux-buy button to ensure we are learning from them as fast as possible?
How do I talk to the customer in a right way for customer and product development?
As a college student what can I do to kick off my start up?
We just launched a landing page MVP test for mock sales and are running ads on it. If nobody buys, how will I learn what we did wrong, given the variability of the keywords, ads and landing page content?
Is a reseller channel an important and effective channel to consider them a viable sales channel in a startup?
What should an introductory email to an angel investor look like?
Do I really need a female co-founder for my women's personal hygienic products startup?
Did you ever catch a great (startup) idea when you were trying to get one?
What's the best revenue model if I want to organise weekly entrepreneurial events?
What are the names of long-term existing startups in the past year apart from e-commerce domains?
Which books can help me understand what users want?
How do I join a start-up, having 3+ years of experience in Microsoft technologies?
Can I learn mathematics at this age?
Assuming my Kickstarter project gets funded, I have two options when it comes to getting my product out to backers. I can wait a month for ocean freight, or, for $7 more per piece, get air freight in 4 days. Should I eat the $7 or add it to my price ($90)?
How do investors earn the money they invested in startups/companies when they are in nascent stages?
Which public companies have a successful lean program in place?
How do successful entrepreneurs find it in them to stay ON for long periods of time and keep their mind on the end goal?
What do you guys think about Skillogie, the startup that offers you the opportunity to learn by experiencing life in someone else's shoes?
How do you go about building and structuring a startup incubator?
What is the next step with our MVP?
Does a solution like Elance (Upwork) make sense if it was just for one niche/industry?
Where can I find a qualified person to audit my startup's landing page?
I'm currently starting a company that provides news and alerts for a niche market and I am not sure if we should charge a fee for it or provide it for free. We prefer free but our yearly revenue would be much less. How does one make this decision?
What are the best questions to ask a growth hacker for a tech startup during an interview?
What is a list of startups that practice "lean startup" practices?
How do I sell a cheap product with a good profit margin through an online eCommerce website?
Is joining a tech giant like Facebook/Google after college, a sign of complacency vs. joining a startup?
What is trystorming in Lean?
Out of London and Dubai, which is better to launch a startup?
I'm going to build a product/app. Where should I start from?
Can anyone give me some examples of companies that failed to implement lean system?
What are some of the craziest startup ideas you have seen or heard of for college students?
As a startup LLC, how do you file US taxes for outsourced work done offshore (Asia), if you have that person working for you full-time?
I am planning on developing a marketing app for restaurants. Basically, it will be a single platform for restaurants to link to all social media. Should I charge restaurants to use this platform?
Are there any books or online resources on funding, valuations, and equity?
When did Japan change the rules of mass to lean in production?
As entrepreneurs and founders, when facing a mental breakdown and being stuck without improvement of your business, what activities have you realized that helped you flourish your mind?
What should you do if you have 2 to 3 ideas to validate and you need to settle on one quickly?
How do I increase website revenue growth at a faster rate?
What is the business model and revenue model for drivers on call services by UrbanClap and other similar startups?
Firefield offers no-cost virtual office hours via Google Hangout and Skype, so what are some of the best sites to post this information to for startup founders to find and take advantage?
What is the best way to get first financing for a big startup?
How do I do customer discovery?
Can anyone help understanding the lean startup concept?
How can I effectively use a debt I just raised for my online training business?
Are Lean and Six Sigma approaches used by environmental consultants with their clients, or within their own agency?
For consumer web startups what is a good retention percentage? 25% 50%? 75?
If you could wave a magic wand and change things in startup competitions, what would it be?
What are the challenges faced by a startup aimed at the concept of bike sharing with the Uber model?
Are the majority of startups useless these days?
What do I do if I have an idea that a company could easily integrate into their stack?
Should a minimum viable product focus on niche user experience, or a seamless core function?
Does Eric Ries feel the term "minimum viable product" could have been named better?
What are some primary-source examples of experiments you ran on a variable in your business model at a company with more than 5,000 people?
How do I start a company partnership with the whole purpose of looking for opportunities and growth in businesses, whereby they can be sold, listed, etc.? What kind of business should I start?
What performance-based guarantees would you suggest to ensure geographic and customer exclusivity if warranted and earned by a distribution partner?
What are the major computing costs that a mobile applications startup incur once they are done with a minimum viable product or running prototype?
How do I deal with this situation when you launch a MVP to see how it responds to the user and then the user suddenly increases to ultimately degrade the performance of the website?
How can I get an online service idea started up?
I'm looking for a company (X) that offers an escrow account service that handles time-released software payments to the developer (Z) during a test period of e.g. 180 days for the customer (Y).  Is there such a company X that provides such a service?
What is the easiest service based business to start as a software engineer?
Why do companies lose their productivity as they grow?
Mobile Advertising: What can I do other than grow to get to ramen profitability for my premium video business?
How can I get a startup incubator/accelerator for my startup from VC's like Sequoia (or other giants)?
How did companies like Delivery Hero and Foodpanda get initial traction?
How do you build a lean to shelter?
What is an optimal daily schedule to be a productive student and entrepreneur?
Why is a down round so bad?
Are there people running a startup 1 day a week and working for a boss 4 days a week?
How does memes.com make money?
In a startup, what do you do when you have a lot of things to do, but you don't do it because it is too much?
My startup doesn't have money making model yet though many users are active. Can I approach an Angle investor?
Would you complete surveys for free meals and deserts on restaurants?
I completed a healthcare tech beta product. I enrolled to a state-sponsored incubator to launch. It has only been 2 months of nothingness. This week I cold-called a big potential customer and now they want a demo. I’m super pumped. How do I proceed with caution?
How do I ensure that my startup's name is safe to use?
What do you think about connecting to passionate people around you? What would motivate you to connect with others?
What are some of the best lessons taught in the book The Lean Startup by Eric Ries?
I don't have the money to build a MVP and my F&F won't lend me any money because of my age. What should I do?
Can you build a business without solving a problem?
Would it be possible to systematize "pain point discovery" through a web site where people can describe their individual pain points or well known pain points in their respective industry, niche, etc.?
How can I overcome this huge pressure not to fail, when the number of prospects I have are consumer focused multi national companies and there are only a few of them, and each opportunity failed is a door closed and I only have few tries?
We want our web site to generate 30K to 40K per month profit. How do we do that? Is it possible at all when there are only two of us working on it?
What is the first step to develop a wearable device? Should we first work on the POC (giving specs to manufacturers) or should we go about patenting the product?
For a literature review on business pivots. What synonyms should I use?
Does having an invoicing software supplier also supplying the payment gateway and the merchant account make them more attractive as a supplier?
What are the major headaches on your daily data related work?
Regarding http://www.advicetalk.net. Is the idea clear to you as a visitor?  How would you attract sellers/coaches if you were me?
Is there going to be any impact if I make my startup on C# ASP.NET MVC when I want to find investors compared to open source languages like PHP and Ruby?
How important is it to be in United States to start a successful company as a young girl?
Parse Announces Shutdown (January 2016): How long would it take to build an app like Uber/Airbnb with no knowledge of app development?
What does your product/software development process look like, as a startup?
Have any subscription product offerings started out selling one product and expanded their product line to become an ecommerce store in that vertical?
Startups: What is the most cost effective way to generate PR for your startup?
I can choose 3 books. Which one of these books should I buy (details inside)?
Where do entrepreneurs get the $40,000-$4,000,000 to buy out their investors/co-founders?
How do I build a minimum viable product for a handmade marketplace?
What is a lean startup coffee?
How do you start an online platform that requires two complimenting parties to come together?
Is it possible today for a single engineer to scale an app to 1 million users?
What are the critical factors the entrepreneurs should focus on during their transition from seed stage or pre series A to Series A funding level?
What is the right age that a person should start thinking of/start preparing to become an entrepreneur?
When starting a C corp, what must I do so I don't get into any legal trouble?
Is it possible to implement a tech startup to a point where you can hire a CEO within 18 months much like Rocket Internet? If so, how?
After Ola and Gaana.com, Zomato also got hacked. Are Indian startups even concerned about their user's data?
Startups: What is the best advice for generating inbound interest in your startup?
I'm a part of a startup. I made a commitment with my partners that I would study & handle the front end web designing, but I am busy learning iOS development right now. What should I do?
What's the market size for speech-to-text technology?
What are examples of implementing Lean startup to R&D business?
How can you introduce Lean principles in your startup without being accused of being too pessimistic?
How many sign ups per page views should an app landing page (consumer app pre launch) hope to get?
What is the average customer acquisition cost for mobile app startups in the virtual service area (personal assistant, advisory, coaching, health, psychology, etc.)?
I'm a very lean fashion startup. Should I not even bother spending any money on Facebook Ads and focus on Pinterest alone?
Are there any consulting firms or organizations who help to build a startup?
What does Auren Hoffman (liveramp) mean by 'strategy in a startup'?
Is the lean startup really applicable to a big corporation? If so, what are the key points? Are there specific tools available?
Are there any visual examples of metric tracking systems/dashboards that big companies have (Facebook and Twitter)?
Rahul Yadav was fired from Housing.com by board members. Was it the right decision by the board? Why or why not?
I am building a product for my startup. My fear is if Facebook gets to know about this idea, they may implement it over the weekend (with the resources available to them). How should I overcome this fear?
What features does an orbital space colony minimum viable product have? What does it do without?
Which successful software companies started with outsourcing their product development?
For entrepreneurs, is purpose more important than profit?
What banks do accept bitcoin?
How do I keep equity without running the company long term?
What are the ways to validate a sharing WiFi ecosystem idea?
What is one fact about startups that no one will understand unless they've been in a startup?
Would you be interested in a real-time cloud based solution that analyzes a large amount of open source data and provide strategic and competitive value to a public sector?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of the US-based pitch competitions?
What are some good blogs aimed at starting or growing a small business website or online store?
How do you keep breathing when you don't have any reason why?
How can one engineer a company for hyper growth?
How would you apply the "Lean Startup" methodology to an e-commerce business?
I'm developing eBay for most of the services. I've thought from roofing to hiring a clown. What are the best countries besides the US and the EU to launch the company? Also, how do I get a large number of service providers to use the service without me paying much for advertising?
How do you make something unscalable scale, without adding proportionate man power?
When working with a startup that is financially struggling, is it possible to negotiate for the use of specific intellectual property instead of equity or cash compensation?
Would you recommend using lean startup methodologies when starting a new tech business? Why or why not?
Is it better to build a product at first or create a product after creating a minimum viable product (MVP)?
How does a remote PC tech support business works? What are the steps to start this kind of business In India?
Startups in India: I am planning to duplicate the business model of Alibaba and IndiaMART on a local scale in my city. How viable will it be? Is it going to make a good startup project?
What should I master, algorithms or new technology?
How can I start my business with minimum investment in pharmaceutical retail and wholesale in Solan Himachal?
Can I expect pre-orders for my app?
What are some ideal growth targets for startups?
What is the best way to define the price structure of a folding wooden chair that has a big emphasis on its design?
What clause in termsheet can allow an angel investor to hold on to his shares in a startup even till the stage of IPO without there being a compulsion on him to dilute or cash out? Is there any clause like that at all?
What is the best time to start working on my own startup?
Which product planning/agile/bug tracking platform do most people "upgrade" to when they outgrow Trello?
Would a technical person hire a non-technical co-founder who is willing to work only for equity?
Is lean change management really effective?
I am starting a business for the first time and have no background in finances. What are some good books and blogs I could consult to learn the key concepts/figures I should master as an entrepreneur?
If my partner and I are on salaries and I own 25% of our company but I want to buy another 25%, what is best way to structure the buy in with sweat equity?
How crazy is it to voluntarily be "homeless" to pursue the "lean startup" ideal?
How can I predict the profits and costs for a new product business plan without guessing?
What are the different types of fund raise methods that a Startup can resort to in India and how?
I am looking to launch a startup, but I want to plan it in such a way so that I can hire a CEO as soon as things are setup and some form of process is in place. Is this possible?
Why did you become a startup founder?
What is the industry standard sales commission structure of the commission-only basis sales people for the size of a 50K to 500K software development project/deal?
What does x% mean when a startup offers stake? Is it x% of the company, or x% of the employee options?
Amongst the three books - The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, Zero To One by Peter Thiel, and The $100 Startup by Chris Guillebeau - which one is the best, and why?
What events should I attend if I'm about to enter the USA market with our outsourcing services and framework for creating SaaS apps?
How many respondents do I need for my NPS to be relevant?
How can I find a partner for my fashion startup here in Quora?
Is it necessary to offer discounts if you are building something that solves a problem in society? If you believe in your product, then why should one offer ridiculous discounts for user acquisition?
What are the best ways to set up a high performance team for a startup?
Why have more successful startups in Silicon Valley apparently been founded by graduates of Stanford rather than Berkeley?
Is there any value to a company being part of software bundles?
What percentage of startup accelerator applicants have a working prototype or MVP by the time they apply?
What are the risks and threats when raising more than $100k Angel money for an idea stage startup?
Will a Canadian project on Kickstarter get the same exposure as a U.S. one?
How do you encourage developers to innovate in a lean startup when you have to move fast?
Is it possible to start a tech company without wanting to actually run it? How does one structure something like that? Would raising funding be difficult?
PMI offers Agile Foundation Program and Two-day Agile Advanced Program. Is it a good idea to join these programs? What are the benefits from it for digital marketing?
How do you define the user persona or target customers for a social product such as WhatsApp which can be used by anyone and everyone?
As a (lean) startup mentor, what is your primary motivation for helping someone avoid spending ~6 months and 100k building the "wrong" thing?
What businesses benefit from having more people attend/participate like a gym?
If your customers are hard to reach for customer interviews, they're hard to sell to, so drop them. Is this statement true or false?
What is the best way to execute a daily poem/quote-based startup?
I am starting a tech startup and I have a choice of two co-founders/CTO. Which one do I choose?
When building a website for a startup, is it better to use a pre-made template or should I code one up from scratch?
What are some better alternatives out there that offer the same feasibility as Google while not jeopardizing data security?
What are the best strategies for coming up with tech business ideas?
What are some examples of successful software companies that were coded by a founder with no previous technical knowledge?
Is it important to gain credibility of being an enterpreneur by having your company acquired?
For documenting interactions with early evangelists and early adopters, is there a sort of CRM that works best? To be more precise, what is the best way to document these interactions and keep in touch with the resource?
Was Eric Ries right about the Lean startup methodology?
How soon is it wise to employ a CEO for a tech startup?
What are good examples of how B2B SaaS startups got their first customer?
I have a unique new product that will surely turn into a company. I want to do a Kickstarter campaign but I have no more capital and my personal network is really small. What should I do?
Is it bad to change the focus of your lean startup over a period of time?
What is the most fair method to compensate startup advisers?
What are some cool applications of lean startup ideas in real life other than business?
I have an app-based business idea and I do not have the technical skill to build the app. How can I find a person/company to develop the app? How can I make sure that the idea is not stolen by the developer? What terms should be set before discussing the idea or through the period of development?
Where can I find the right mentor for my music startup?
Lean Startups: I started a company and my father invested $25k over 7 months. I found out today that my father set up an LLC and put his percentage of equity at 35%. I'm angry because we agreed on 20% and he went behind my back. What can I do?
Do lean startup principles have a place in the enterprise?
How do you define the roadmap for your product? What methods do you use to track progress, and identify red flags and milestones?
Are there any stats on the total number of startups that have been accelerated by leading accelerators such as YCombinator, 500 Startups, TechStars & AngelPad?
What are the challenges that a food startup has to face?
What are the methods employed by producthunt to gain early traction? Which of the above methods were the most effective?
Why do you think computer programmers think their labor is more valuable than most others in a startup venture?
How is personal accountability measured or tracked when using Kanban/Lean?
Does an app like myidealist.co make sense for ideators, start-ups & product lovers?
Facebook (company): Did the folks at Facebook file for patents before or later after they launched as a business?
How does one select a mobile app development company keeping a balance between cost and quality?
How can I build a good team for my startup idea in Mumbai?
How is a company like Hotel Urbano valued? Is it a multiple of revenue?
What could be the ideal marketing and launch plan (for a specific countries: Australia, Germany) for a new "skin cancer" app?
I've created a software that that helps developers use SQL to query no-sql datastores. Where can I market/sell this product online?
What experts do I need to start a collaborative consumption platform, and where do I find them?
Why is that 99 percent of the startups in India end up not being successful, while the remaining 1% become huge or get acquired by giant players in that sector in exchange for an awesome offer?
How should I reach out to VCs initially?
How can I found an airline in India if I don't have much money?
Do you know some stories regarding how startups have built the different building blocks of the lean canvas by using the lean approach?
How do we quickly create high-quality thought-leadership blog articles for our niche?
What is the best way to understand and analyse data from your market?
As a med student, I still rely on my parent's money for living. What can I do to earn money to sustain myself?
What are the success rates of following the lean startup model?
How can one expand its client/customer base in a profession where you can not advertise?
If Zenefits' CEO, Conrad, was standing in front of you, what advice would you give him?
Is it difficult to find a tech co-founder?
What is the best way to design a pricing strategy for a SaaS?
Does talent go to technical schools to get better or does talent open a business?
What are some rental business opportunities?
Should I spend time on building a payment process for an early stage startup product (prototype) or just encourage users to use the "Free Plan" to get their first feedbacks?
Is it important to release an app as a minimum viable product as soon as possible or should you wait until it is of a very high standard first?
I am building the product of my startup myself. I am financially unstable and cannot put any money in my startup. What should my next step be after I have finished the development?
How can I estimate the gold nanoparticles consumption rate or market size in Brazil?
Did they test customer hypotheses before launch? Or did they have an MVP?
Do you know any great startup toolbox?
What is the best way for a new organization to get a logo when it has little or no budget?
What is the best strategy to check Venture Capitalist's reputation and references?
What are the keys to a successful business? What makes Google what it is today while thousands of other businesses have minimal growth or fail on the spot?
What would you prefer: going into a market which has very less number of players, or into a market which has a lot of shitty players where you think you can get the job done better?
India: What are your views on the "Ek Saal Desh Ke Naam" program recently launched by the Modi government?
Are there new start-up founders on Quora searching for co-founders?
We launched Arima (Q&A site for polls), and have some okay traction, how do we get more people?
Which successful and stable startups did an exit from startup events (such as startup weekend, Grind)?
What is the most creative (domain) name for a stylish, modern, innovative flight, hotel, event and party website?
How can I make money from the fuel scarcity in my country currently?
How do I start the research about my ideas? I can talk to people, but that won't give me a good sample size. What can I do?
For a B2B SaaS prototype that is not 100% validated, is it better to charge the first customers for a year up front or monthly as we improve our service through feedback?
Is there a standard method in which a specific business model which is rapidly scalable can be attached or implemented to any startup company (mobile app, PC apps, web apps, games, tools, SaaS, IaaS, Paas, etc.)?
What are some startups that had good product/market fit and good founders and surprisingly failed? Why?
Is a product-based app development company considered a startup?
Why has Salesforce never turned profitable?
What is the fastest and easiest way to make 1-2 million dollars in IT and/or by investing?
Who is Stew Garner of LifeLogger (LOGG)?
What are the most common regrets that venture capitalists have?
If you give 0.5% equity for an early employee, and if you make it to an exit, after several rounds of dilution, will the early employee have any significant % in the company? Or will his 0.5% will be diluted to too low?
What is a day like for a startup founder when the company is at its infancy, 6 months old, 1 year, and 3 year old?
What are the best reading resources to understand legal and financial matters around startups like: Funding, Equity, Termsheets etc?
Is the web development market drying up?
I spend a portion of the day promoting my business on Twitter but I get the feeling everyone is just following everyone else to no benefit. Where instead online should I spend that time for my business instead of Twitter?
What OpenCourseWare do you suggest for a software developer starting his own startup?
What are some of the world's biggest travel businesses?
I had a developer for my promising app concept who developed half of my prototype (sweat equity) before we ran into a conflict of interest and I decided it's detrimental for me to continue with him. Should I just take my concept to an incubator?
Do Brian Chesky & Joe Gebbia know how to code?
Do you have trouble hiring developers?
What are good sites or forums for startups in India?
Can the lean startup methodology be used to validate mass-social B2C ideas?
Where can I get a pro-bono co-founder agreement created?
As a sales person doing a cold visit, what is a way to answer the typical excuse given by most secretaries "my boss is at a meeting give us your information and we will call "?
How do startups prevent established companies from stealing their ideas (if their product/service is non-patentable)?
Has anyone left their jobs at well-known Indian startups? Why did you leave?
What are the scopes of lean implementation and manufacturing excellence in the Indian footwear industry?
When building a startup and keeping IPO as exit in mind, what are the things you should be careful about in the early stage?
When is the right time to stop running a tech business from home and take it to the next level? ( build a team, office etc.? )
I really want to start my startup to solve some challenging problems like the environmental problems we face. Is it possible to do it when I do not have any diploma or degree in these domains and I can only educate myself through books and website?
What are the merits / demerits of working with a digital marketing freelancer?
What makes Brian Wong's Kiip so special?
How can you perform solid customer development and validate an idea whilst operating in stealth?
What is it like to be beaten up by venture capitalists?
My startup has really high numbers in Google benchmarking. Are the numbers wrong and if so, how do I fix it?
What lean startup metrics and analytics tools and software could an SaaS startup build using ASP .net MVC?
Where can I find a succinct and actionable customer development framework that can be learned quickly?
I'm confident that I can execute the engineering and SEO side of the house. What should I look for as a co-founder?
Why is there no innovation in consumer-facing mortgage lending?
When is your MVP "good enough" to get in front of potential customers?
Assume you are new to the world of entrepreneurship. What questions will be the most pressing on your mind?
What can startups learn from management consulting?
How is grocery E-commerce giving a tough time to offline players in India?
How do I find interviewee (B2C) in Japan for problem interview (Lean Startup)?
I am prototyping a service for a B2C customers. How do I capture feedback for the MVP?
Is an offer of 7.5% pref equity for $30k cash & 3 months acceleration a bad deal for a startup?
Is there any place you can sell or get awarded for your startup ideas?
What are the best examples to product market fit in Edtech?
How should you approach your first cold leads in a B2B SaaS product?
Is Y Combinator asking too much equity for 120k worth of funding?
How can I find a business plan sample for a service similar to Angie's List?
How do you attract investors to your startup?
How can we give a percentage for only a marketing job?
How do you carry out proper split tests?
What is the right mix of roles and positions for a web app development company of 10-15 people?
My company got acquired and I want to move on (technical co-founder). How do I approach my next job?
How should the only developer leave a startup half way through build?
What is a healthy lifestyle daily minimal viable product?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking interns in a startup?
What is the backstory on the Collision Conference in Vegas being held at the same times as TechCrunch Disrupt in NYC?
What would be good tools to help me on the "Get out of the building" phase? Is there a model/tips to question people about their problems?
Should I hire a cofounder who's not experienced in startups?
Do most startups lie about their active user numbers, duration of use? What is an example?
Which are some of the Bengaluru based electrical engineering start-ups?
Why is agile development faster than lean startup?
How did Vicarious attract investors such as Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Ashton Kutcher, Dustin Moskovitz, Joe Lonsdale and Adam D'Angelo before having a product, users, revenue or any of the other milestones startups usually achieve prior to attracting such investors?
How do you get over someone close to you doubting your tech startup?
What's a good PR strategy for a lean startup?
What would be the average/recommended time for a quick MVP experiment?
Where can I find an email database of startups and SMEs?
How important is it to do real life interviews instead of digital questionnaires according to the lean startup principle?
What are growth hackers tools to analyze the competitors?
How do startup founders have money to invest in other startups? Do they get a salary from investments?
Is there a way to validate the idea in this space without over-spending money? (read question detail)
How much can you trust a non coded MVP? Can you get a real sense of market acceptance of your app idea only based on drawings, landing pages and just talking to people? Don't functionalities and design count?
What are the best freemium resources and services a College Entrepreneur should consider while building their first startup with little to no cash?
Should you buy lean or regular ground meat?
How do we validate that we actually have a market for idea before we build something?
What is the next step up in technology from aggregator sites?
What is the lean startup definition of a successful startup?
How do you feel when your employee steals your clients? How can we protect it?
What's the best way to establish a link to Silicon Valley for non-US resident entrepreneurs?
What are the reasons that so many tech-startups start in California?
How are experienced (10+ years) developers typically compensated in an early stage startup?
Which company provides the best USSD & message payment gateway service in India? What are their fees and charges?
What are good countries to start a business in Africa?
Everywhere we read about the minimum viable product. The market and users never ask for the minimum anything and nothing substantial or game changing gets built on minimums. Why don't investors have the balls to go maximum and meet the market?
How big should be the launch for the first version of our social app startup?
What happens in "MVP: Most Valuable Primate"?
Are Lean startup method and Steve Jobs' method of working on new products completely disjoint with nothing in common?
How much funding has HandyHome received till now?
What are some GIS/ big data businesses one could start?
I want to register an advertising firm. How should I register it? Should I go for an LLP or a company?
How can I learn Android in 15 days?
How are investors still listening to the founder if the company is not making enough revenue?
What are some of the best visual/physical metric tracking ideas you have seen?
What is the least amount of money someone has used to start a company and built it up to a million dollars or more?
I have an idea. It can work anywhere in the world and I do not want to launch it in my country. I want to launch it in a European country. How can I do that? What will be the most effective steps for achieving this?
I have a startup idea. How can I find a like-minded developer/technical guy(co-founder) who is equally passionate as me and can help me in the implementation (I am a developer too)?
What are the startups that align well with the trend: Age of the CMO: Marketing Technologies in the Cloud?
How angel investors value a "Streaming Television Channel Startup" in angel investment round?
Hinduism: Does Hinduism lean more toward polytheism or henotheism?
Have you ever used a lean startup approach for healthcare projects?
Is Travis Kalanick arrogant?
In my startup, I am planning to hire a CS engineer however, I don't have knowledge about Androids, iOS or web development. How can I become sure about his skills? What can be a method to test him?
What are some good books describing different types of organizational cultures?
Can my Canadian startup (Ontario) get funding from elsewhere; such as the U.S.A.?
What are the training or startup options in Chandigarh?
How important it is for young entrepreneurs to have a mentor?
I have developed too many business plans from different ideas, but everyone is so potential and appealing that I don't know which one to focus on first. What should I do to make a choice?
What is the business model of Freight Bazar?
What are the challenges or benefits an Indian man is faced with if he makes a business partnership with an Indian woman for a startup?
What are some examples of good partnerships that subscription box companies use for offline channels?
What should be consider when building a Yelp alike?
How do you manage the supply chain of a startup when you are a full-time traveller?
Is a 0.4% conversion from sent emails to closed deals good enough for outbound sales campaigns?
I just read Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Lean Startups. If Thiel was wrong about lean startups, how is it that startups or disruptive innovations exist that are successful yet did not follow the LSM? (e.g. iPhone, SpaceX/Tesla, Uber)
Where can I find a list of actions for lean management culture development in organizations?
I need to negotiate equity with the developers I've brought on to join my startup (sweat equity). What's your preferred method of handling equity splits?
Should I wait to have a child if I am a male in the early 30s and just started a startup company?
How can I make a perfect team for my startup?
I just completed my MVP (http://useclocker.com). How should I attract people to it to get feedback since I don't have a database full of emails?
What is a good site for learning grammar?
What are the key marketing positions required for a tech startup for a consumer based product (target age group 18-35)?
How does Etsy encourage their developers to innovate on a day to day basis?
We're trying to cut down on transaction costs that are due to our payment gateway. We can't afford to pay the margins that Braintree and other alternatives are offering. Is there any alternative?
Which start-ups started with a small niche and incrementally developed ideas for bigger markets?
I am about to launch an online business. I have compiled contacts (email addresses) of potential clients. How should I reach them without appearing to be spam? What customer acquisition strategies and tools can I use?
Does anyone care that there are laws that favor the rich?
What is wrong with the lean methodology?
What are some good companies falling through the Series A gap?
Who is a good writer at Tech Crunch (or is a writer at TC) that likes to cover fast growing marketplaces?
Information Technology: Which are good software development companies which work with startups?
If you have two different unrelated product ideas, should they be started as two separate companies, or under the same company?
I have an idea in the field of mobile advertising. I am a student with no idea or contact whatsoever with the sector. What do I do next? How do I proceed?
What are some companies with revenue without valuation?
How can I start a small WiFi enabled local coffee shop and hangout place for youth and business people in Delhi?
What are the techniques that enable you to think just like your customers?
Is it possible to build and manage a SaaS business from home as a single founder?
What are some of the leading travel startups in the past 5 years?
Should I start a company around a possible revolutionary product or begin small?
Have any startups raised money in a down round and then gone on to become successful?
Are you worried about your website/API/app being hacked?
Why do a majority of Apple, Google and Facebook employees not want to start their own startups with the money they have earned?
Which Business Model Canvas tools did Stanford, Berkeley and Columbia students in Steve Blank's class use?
How should I go about growth hacking an arts and crafts website?
Where can I find a high quality content writer for my early stage start-up?
How can I promote a contest to the 3D printing community?
How do I handle artisans/clients who don't deliver on time?
Silicon Valley Season 2: How often does negging VCs work, and how far does one actually want to take it?
What are certain steps to create a mobile startup?
Which are the good small scale industries which we can setup at low cost and earn good money locally? How can we get training for that?
What would be the runtime and content of a perfect startup video?
What is the best way to compensate an interim CTO in an early stage pre-funded company?
How are startups/entrepreneurs similar to plumbers/plumbing?
How many programmers from developing countries think they have incredible talent in coding but are unable to find a co-founder that can match their talent?
Why would Sir Richard Branson start too many companies?
Did you gain or lose significantly by working for a start-up?
What is the best way to network in a startup/venture community when you are broke?
Is it a good idea to build a food delivery-based start-up considering the competition in this space?
Will big fishes (companies/startups) keep on eating the small fishes?
If our startup hasn't been working for us and we can't keep it going, how can we sell the IP to reduce as much loss as possible?
Where is the best startup ecosystem in Europe?
What benefits will I get when my startup is incubated at a startup village?
What does unfair advantage mean in business terms?
What problems are annotation services solving?
Where and how on Quora can I find a good professional graphic designer willing to join me as a co-founder for my start-up in Mumbai?
I'm looking for recent Swiss start-ups related to the travel/tourism industry. What are some suggestions?
What are some good examples of "platform pivots"?
Is it important to dress professionally in a business meeting?
How does a data scientist fit in within a lean startup product development framework?
Where can I find a good list of local professional service categories?
What exactly does "great execution" mean for startups?
According to VCs, angels and other investors, is it frowned upon to "live large" and raise funding for your own startup company?
Should I use Swift or Objective-C to build an iOS app (Simple / MVP) for our startup?
Should I allow users to send an inbox message before sending a friendship request on a social network site?
What are some good virtual startup accelerator programs?
What are some terrible experiences of office politics?
What are the world's best places to launch a new startup and why?
How do I convince people to work for my startup when initially I have nothing to pay but want to assure them that I will pay them as soon as we start making money? How do I assure them?
What's the best way to start a webcomic?
What are some dressing tips for lean guys?
How much does it cost to run an online business\platform in India? What are the major hurdles and challenges one can face?
How should a team of a beginning UX agency look with the aim of growing quickly?
How do you get over a burn-out in an early stage start-up?
Are there any good books on MVP and experimentation design for startups?
How much time do I need to learn Python and AngularJS?
Is there a good overall video on mobile software development?
How do I know if my UVP is indeed unique?
What's the most cost-effective platform for tracking unique monthly viewers with precision?
Why don't Silicon Valley investors understand lean startups?
How do you manage to get 20 customers to interview when you're a B2B SaaS?
What are the top ten Indian startups with less than 30 employees in April 2015 that one should consider working with?
How do you lean out?
What are some inspiring stories about how startup founders made their first sale or profit?
I have an good startup idea and potential to make it work. Now what? Where do I start? What should be my next step?
How should I convince a client to buy Hana and Mobility services from our company and implement it?
How could the distribution of shares in my company affect my chances of getting funding at a later stage?
What are your thoughts on this project management compensation model?
What are some ways business person can do market research without hiring a marketer?
What are some start-ups that have benefited from lean marketing?
What would be a round figure of money or percentage of equity for what a growing software platform business would white-label for?
How can a co-founder get more shares in his startup and become CEO?
Which tech giants have actually used concepts of design thinking?
How should we go about building our MVP for a video community/ecommerce startup?
I am planning to create an app. But where should I start? How do I know if my venture is going to work? Do I need to have a concrete plan to do the coding?
How should equity be divided in a new startup to make all feel valued and long-term committed if there are three founders, two of whom are drawing a pay ($80/hr as programmers) and one who is not taking a pay but is providing 6 months worth of founding capital?
Anybody from Mangalore area , who are interested to join start up ?
I want to have a business of my own. How can I achieve this?
What are the things I should do in the first month of my online store to attract traffic in a cheap way and ensure the biggest bang for my buck?
In which start-up stage is which component of the customer development process executed?
What are your top tips for defining your product vision?
What are some innovative ways to create an MVP for seed funding in 2015?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I be more useful for the startup?
How do I get funds for my early stage startup in India?
My business is failing. What steps do I take to figure out whether or not it's me, my service quality, or my business model that's failing?
How can I find an IIT tech co-founder for my startup?
Where do internet startup companies need to host their websites in the initial phase, and how much does that cost?
What are some examples of internet companies that created a need rather than filling one?
Did Quora have a MVP? What was it testing? How?
Is there proof that the lean startup movement has truly increased the chances of a startup's success?
How can I fall in love with my startup again and overcome all the negative feelings brought from the struggle of product-market-fit and traction, too much drama with my co-founder, the need to raise capital, and the frustration of being the CEO?
Do I have to behave as a leader to support lean management?
I am meeting telcos and banks to partner on an idea. How do I protect it without asking the attendants to sign a no-disclosure?
For a hardware startup, building a prototype is more costly than for a software one. Is it common for angels to seed fund with only a very rough prototype? What tips can you give to keep things lean?
How could a software company with no revenues, little barriers to entry, and only 12 team members be bought for $100M?
Dat Venture: Do I have to come to Boston for the entire 3-month period?
I'm a digital marketing consultant, how can I productise my services?
I have recently founded my business. My mother has suggested me going part-time to help out, but I'm not too keen on the idea. What should I do?
What new lean startup tools/approaches do you wish had existed when you first launched your startup?
Can I use Google images in my Powerpoint Presentation (for the purpose of my startup), so that I won't be sued later?
For the state you operate in what are the legal risks to accept funding by Angel or VCs for a startup?
What are the best unconventional workplace systems?
How would I best go about alerting the SEC/DOJ/FTC to look into venture capitalists colluding against entrepreneurs?
My ideas are not going into execution. I am afraid of so many things. Should I be afraid of these things or not?
Which would you choose, a dream job offer in your home country or migrating to your dream country now?
What should I do to write an e-commerce portal from scratch with 1k products on it?
What's the downside to taking a lean startup approach to any new venture, technology related or otherwise?
What is the minimum amount to invest in a startup?
I'm trying to fund a tech startup using my own part-time 160-220k income as payroll. It looks like my best bet would be to go to the Philippines and build a team of coders there. What's the best way to do this?
Do I accept a job from IBM consulting or continue working on my own business?
What is better, to pay for a mentor or to earn a mentor's trust for a new startup?
Is there anything wrong with hiring failed entrepreneurs to join my startup?
Can a startup that creates a physical product ever be scalable?
What are examples of famous (somewhat) nonprofit pivots?
At what point after a market introduction is it advisable to seek further investment?
Mobile Application Design: What great extra feature would you add to a B2B network connected tablet app?
What does Dave McClure recommend I do to not mess this up: Secondesk Intro.pdf? Who would be the best experts to reach out to for advise?
How do I sell my app or website startup idea?
Where else can I ask for feedback about my idea online, besides in Quora?
What can I do so that my start-up does not get acquired even after achieving success?
What would you do to start over, if you are transported to a parallel universe, where everything is the same the only difference is you know no one?
When do you apply for a business name and other legal stuff for your startup idea?
Do I have to be a programmer to establish a mobile app startup?
Are there any startups in connecting the crushers/mining firms marketplace in India/the world?
When incorporating in DE, do I need to hire a lawyer to write the details for the "description of assigned IP" section?
I'm a tech guy and I have a small startup. I'm looking to hire a CEO to raise money and manage the startup. What should I write in the job description? What qualification should I mention?
What are the most significant blogs and podcasts about agile and lean start-ups?
If you were to choose 3 businesses in the U.S that are huge opportunities to bring overseas, what would they be?
What is the honesty curve?
Should I replicate a working business model from the US, etc. in a foreign country instead of trying hard to  find product market fit?
What is the best example of establishing a successful and self-propelling culture of execution in your company?
The famous "the lean startup method" recommends creating fake advertisement for a product with a fake website and a fake sign-up button to accurately gauge consumer demand. Is doing that actually legal in any US state or Germany, and will such ads be banned from Facebook?
As a 19-year-old with limited capital, how can I start my own watch reselling business?
Why are assumptions in Lean UX written in the form of "we believe ... to be true" and not in the form of "we do not know if ..."?
Who are the founders of Lean Startup?
Why is Conjoint Analysis not discussed more in the Customer Development, Lean Startup movement?
Which author wants startups to focus on customer traction as a first priority?
Is it better to have a concept or a vision to solve a problem for a startup?
I am entering the sales and services venture in the home decor industry. Shall I start with a sole proprietorship, Pvt Ltd. or LLP? What are other ideas?
What does it mean for a software company/startup to be able to iterate quickly?
Where can I find a mentor or co-founder from a tech background to help me make a business plan?
If you want to invest in a basket of the most solid tech companies like Amazon, what fund would you recommend?
How effective is Canvas Model for startups?
Which European city is better for startups, London or Berlin and why?
Can I get accepted into an accelerator and then apply for a tourist visa?
How is Uber managing 55 countries (with about 300 cities) with just 850 employees while Olacabs needs more than 2000 employees to manage 70 cities in one country?
During an interview, if asked to "create a product and white board it," how would you go about it?
How does Rocket Internet build their products so fast?
What is the most awesome and innovative startup you've ever heard of?
Our startup is a digital platform that's raised roughly 70K. Coding has been outsourced to date, but we believe it's best to bring on a qualified CTO that can also handle the front end load. What's an appropriate compensation both monetarily and equity-wise?
I have a start up idea, but the problem is that I can't share the idea with people. If I do, will somebody else use that same idea?
Should I form a C corporation now or after I have secured my backing?
Are you using a lean supply flow of material in your organization?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing principles such as 5Y and Six Sigma and the five principles of lean (specify value as perceived by the customer, identify the value stream, etc.)?
What is your companies new employee reading list?
Do you think that startups hire guys more than girls?
What are some good coworking spaces for online startups in Asia, Europe or South America?
How can I create a website like Tinder?
I am an entrepreneur in the digital health industry. I am highly convinced about my idea, though I now feel I could have chosen a better team. What should I do?
What are strategies cities struggling with an overabundance of weekend-long hackathons (i.e. Startup Weekends, etc.) can use for increased collaboration and more controlled resource (i.e. sponsors, participants, etc.) sharing?
Are Skype interviews considered "getting out of the building?"
We wrote a weekly business newsletter (open rate = 17% and click rate = 3%) but our new subscriptions rate is poor. I want a weekly +5% subscription. How can I grow my weekly newsletter readers list?
Who are the most impressive, young, and Australian entrepreneurs that would be valuable to take for coffee one day?
How do I decide what level of signup conversion is good for a new social network?
Have you ever had an idea which you were discouraged from furthering, only to see someone else have success with something very similar?
What are the most low-value activities one must avoid during the initial phase of LEAN IT start-ups?
How can a startup event organizing company get many sponsors and partners?
How was your experience working at Quovantis?
Should I join a startup as a 1099 employee or W2 employee?
How can I grow my IT Innovation Department with 600 employees into excellence and not into mediocrity?
How can I leverage my passion for systems, tooling, and infra into the lean startup I'm about to join?
In which cases are angel investors a better choice for web startups than VCs?
What's going to be the next big milestone for software products after getting lean?
What is venture debt and how does it compare to a regular startup debt? Do the debt holders get interest on the debt in addition to equity or just the interest? If so, what is the typical interest rate and loan term?
Is enough being done to encourage lean goals in enterprises?
Who is the authority on this subject in your opinion?
Does lean management work?
Let's say I have a product that's equally B2B and B2C. Features and service should be similar in both cases. Is there any reason to price the two differently?
What is an example of a product roadmap?
How do you evaluate if you have a good or bad business model canvas?
What should be my approach towards my start-up?
How can I create a minimum viable product for a web app?
How do I coach, develop/improve and support my team members and directs on their way towards a lean management?
What is the minimum number of servers (hardware) needed to build a Backend-as-a-Service? What technology do we need to learn to start working on this project?
What features and capabilities would small business owners like to see in a "perfect" software package to run your small business?
Is it ill-advised for a newly formed startup to launch 8-10 MVPs all at once?
With a prototype, how do I convince seed investors to sign a convention when I will sell an innovative B2B product (recommender system software) in the framework of a 'one shot sale' (and using the lean startup model)?
When vetting a business idea, how do you know if the idea is scalable or not?
What are some examples of products that succeeded using a lean start-up?
I have an idea for a mobile app, but I can't realize it because I don't have any experience of building mobile apps. Can I develop some simulation in a browser to show investors and ask for a small amount for the project and team building?
What is Dat Venture?
Is the LEAN startup approach applicable across all environments?
How do I calculate advertising revenue for startups?
What is a recommended way to test viral cycles?
I am planning to build an MVP of my app idea and implement it at my university. I have no tech experience, what should I do?
Is a mobile app with a large number of users and adoption, but free to use viable?
Startups: When is it time to quit?
What is the best way to start up a restaurant with minimum fundings?
What are the most important Venture Capital firms in the United States that a startup founder should consider for venture funding?
Is it possible to make a successful startup in a completely unknown field?
What are the signs of a toxic founder?
How many types of problem statements are there for a startup?
Is the MVP bar too high nowadays?
What is the best process for designing and building an internet based MVP?
How can I submit multiple startup ideas to an accelerator?
How and where do I get projects to start an IT company?
What are the pros and cons of offering a totally open demo of my SaaS product?
How do I turn my study group on Facebook with 54011 members into successful iOS social application?
If I wanted to start a religion, which start-up methodologies should I adhere to? Lean startup? Zero to One?
What's the best way to find a product/market fit for a B2B device/app?
Do I need to found the company before launching a prototype/MVP?
Is crowdsourcing the best 'bang for your buck' for an app UI or is it better to hire just one quality designer from Indonesia for half of the price?
Is a lean startup concept useful for writing books and making movies?
Is there a good referral strategy for an SMS-based product?
Do you mention that your item/service is still at MVP stage?
Which should a startup choose if only one could be chosen, persistence or innovation?
I will round up my first degree programme in computer science this year. I am interested in studying medicine as a career course. What should I do?
How do I develop my app idea?
How does a biotech or medical device startup get to know their users during customer validation if their users are extremely ill or hospitalized?
Do people respond to emails asking them to provide answers to survey questions for a conceptual product that may be of value to them in the future?
How long did it take the Airbnb founders to launch their MVP?
How do I process lean in the framework of software development?
How would you successfully test a prototype that works with beacons that rely on 2 sides: one for business, which is a dashboard, and another for end-users, which is a mobile app?
Is it optimal to open a physical nightclub following lean start-up methodology?
What are the average values in the apps industry for AARRR metrics?
Is it better to raise a Series A just before an initial product launch or immediately after?
Startup mentors, especially lean startup mentors, what is the one word or phrase you wish your mentees would avoid when describing their customer segment?
Should a marketing blog or strategy form part of my MVP?
What is your view about the upcoming e-commerce site Titans Mag (For smart online shopping)?
What examples of the greatest communities built around software products do you know?
Is there any formula for adding customer support/success personnel in SaaS business?
What are some of the best examples of transformation/turn arounds using Lean Six Sigma?
How do I acquire customers (tiffins) for my homemade meals?
What is the suggestion for product and service based IT startup?
Is it OK for a startup to ask its users to verify their phone number (by text) as a part of the signup process when we go live?
If you would be employed by a wearables and IoT corporation with unlimited funds and support, what wearable or IoT device would you design, develop and market? Also, why?
What should I do next to further build my startup?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from prototype to the App Store?
When should a CEO of a startup stop "doing the work" and let the others do the work?
What are 0$ startups which survived?
Lean Startups: How bad is waterfall development? What are some horror stories?
Should I find investors or save money to fund my new software start-up venture?
What are some questions to ask first time visitors to your redesigned product page?
How do I build an app startup from scratch as a single non-tech founder?
Is it a good idea for a startup to go invite-only?
How do you sell yourself in one sentence?
What's a name for a job that combines account management and UX?
How do I prevent Rocket Internet from cloning my startup once it has significant traction (users/revenue)? What factors (internal/external) discourage clones?
Is work experience necessary for young startup founders?
Do you agree with our CEO's perspective: Death by Documentation: How excessive planning can sink software?
Is it possible for the board to fire the entire founding team in a startup?
Teamwork.com (TeamworkPM) vs. Basecamp vs Wrike vs Asana vs Jiira. Which is the best project management tool? Which is the best for software development (large companies as well)?
What are some free ways to launch and announce a new startup?
In lean startup methodologies, when they say 'iterate fast', what is considered fast in the different stages? How fast do we want the answers for the hypotheses?
What is Priori Legal? How does it work?
If you're planing to start an online business in a developing country in Asia, which model would you clone (excluded Amazon, Groupon, Uber, Delivery Hero & Yelp)?
I am looking for feedback from investors and entrepreneurs on this pitch deck for Secondesk.
How would you go for creating a single landing page that features one subscription based product?
Why doesn't Box integrate with more apps?
What are the best resources to self-educate as an aspiring startup CEO?
We want to start up a business venture in the UAE and expand internationally. We are lost. What can we do?
How do I answer the investor when asked "okay, what do you need? How can I help you?"?
I have a startup and really need a privacy policy and terms of use, but don't have the budget for either one. What should I do?
What are the differences between the traditional product lifecycle and the Lean Startup lifecycle?
I'm interested in building a mobile app which will help shoppers find retail stores with the shortest queues to save time. How can I validate such an idea?
What is the best competition/promotion tool for startups to grow?
How does one start a think tank without any funding?
I have an MVP. How do I maximize learning per rupee spent without comprising on learning/time?
Are startup teams always the same (sales hustler + hacker)?
The startup that I was helping told me they don't need me anymore, without any compensation! What can I do?
What is an example of a company that effectively used batch size reduction for a business process other than manufacturing? Why did this help?
Do you think it is important for the CEO of a SAAS or BAAS company to know how to code?
How does a 42-year-old freelance software developer with a family (2 kids), six-figure income, and a large mortgage go about developing a successful start-up?
How can I do lean user research?
What is an online course for learning the basics for accounting for small business? What can you recommend that you've used?
What "Lean Startup" principles and techniques can be applied to a non-tech physical goods distribution company?
Firefield's Jeremy Sewell wrote a thought-provoking blog post on the lessons to be learned from failure and how to best utilize those lessons. What are your thoughts on how this line of thinking applies to your industry?
How important is it to start talking (promote) about your mobile app on Twitter and other social media sites before its release? And how much can you talk about the actual product?
What are the biggest product-related reasons why a startup fails?
Is "Offering a low price" considered novel element when describing the advantages of a startup?
What are some business ideas for a computer literate Canadian?
How old is too old to start a startup?
How do you show traction for a marketing campaign?
How much time (months) on average will it take for a startup to receive funds once a business angel hears your pitch and expresses interest in the USA, in Europe, in Asia, in Latin America, and  the rest of the world?
What are some of the challenges faced by non-American B2B SaaS startups trying to sell to US enterprises?
Do you think lean means cheap or quick? Or neither?
What is Noah Kagan's competition tool and can you purchase it?
When hiring your first product designer, is someone with excellent visual design or deep customer research more valuable?
What is something you believe will not change in 10 years?
How do I use Lean Startup or Lean techniques to produce music? How can a music producer use Lean to become more effective at writing popular or experimental music that people want to buy?
How do pre-funded/pre-revenue founders spend their time?
Why is it so hard to use Google Analytics?
Why did HighScore House fail?
How do you build the perfect crowdfunding campaign team when you have no money?
What's the fastest step-by-step process for churning out and testing many MVP ideas?
What are the key factors of NewRelic’s Exponential growth?
How would you apply the Lean Startup's feedback loop to a hardware startup?
I have an idea, a passionate small team, and connection to the potential customers. Is there a step by step recipe that I can follow to create a successful startup?
Is it a good idea to start my own marketing business alone at age 20, when there are a lot of companies in my country doing the same thing? How can I be different?
What are the available Python certifications in India which are valid as per the companies?
How do you turn your idea into app in the shortest amount of time? Which set of software or frameworks might be helpful for an MVP?
What is the best tool to set up and share the first year roadmap of 3 startup cofounders?
As an entrepreneur what does it mean when people say "you should hire people smarter than you"?
How do we know when a particular industry is ready to be transformed into an e-commerce industry. How do we know the market is ready?
What is it really like to build an internet company?
Can business trips and conferences be considered for startup equity?
As a startup founder, I am negotiating a partnership with an small company. What kind of relationship shall I establish and how much equity shall I allocate to them?
How does Product Hunt generate revenue and/or cover its operating expenses?
I just completed reading "The Lean Startup" and am now looking for similar great books that can help my career as a product manager. Are there any suggestions and why?
What are your favorite tools and/or services to help you launch, power, or create new products or companies?
What is your work flow for creating growth strategies for your company?
Is the CEO of Y Combinator right in advising not to talk to your products' users in his startup advice post?
As a (startup) CTO or a technical lead, how I can help ensure that the software application doesn't evolve into an unmaintainable gobbledygook of source code?
How did Aaron Patzer build Mint all by himself?
We got invited to CollisionConf (May, 2015) in downtown Las Vegas. According to their website, we will get a free booth for one day. Is this a good event to attend for a pre-revenue startup?
What are the best "Bible" books that explain the process of a startup (from idea, to venture capital, to market it, to business model etc.)?
What questions should I be able to answer about my market if looking to start a company?
What is Wealthfront's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
What are creative ways that unfunded startups have structured payments for a service contract?
What are the recommended books one should read prior to starting a mobile app start-up venture?
What would the term customer organizations mean in the context of startups?
What are some interesting business models?
What is the best way to implement an idea that already exists and is probably failing?
Is Ruby on Rails or Python better to build a large scale two-sided web application that facilitates and executes consumer financial transactions and organizes reporting summaries?
What all things should be asked in a typical customer interview be carried out during the initial startup stage of building the product?
What are the best ways to test startup ideas and at what point does an idea become worth pursuing?
How can an SEO freelancer work as a solo-entrepreneur if SEO has many aspects (on-page, off-page, produce content, etc.)? How many customers can they get before it collapses?
I have been working on my startup for the past 6 months. I have developed its prototype and tested the proof of concept. Now I think I should build a large team to take it forward. Should I bring on employees or founders at this stage?
How can a startup that has to be in compliance with HIPAA pilot a software program without spending on all the legal fees to test a theory?
What things should an entrepreneur remember to do for a startup in the IT-sector in India?
What are some of the weirdest or poor business strategies which went on to become successful?
Is it advisable to have a mock sales funnel for an MVP for validation?
What advice would you give someone going to Silicon Valley for 2 weeks to get an internship at a startup?
What is the best market or category (or niche) in which to start an E-commerce business in India?
What is the best experience for a young future entrepreneur before launching his own online marketplace in the concept of sharing economy?
What certifications should a lean consultant get?
I'm the founder of a SaaS startup and my MVP was built by a (great) dev shop. Now I need to hire engineers. Should I hire 2 full-stack people or 1 back-end and 1 front-end person? Why?
Blogs: How can I enlist hundreds of blog contributors?
What are some bulletproof ways of getting attention and users as a tech startup?
What do you look for in founders? The drive, passion, stick-to-itiveness, smarts, X, etc?
What are the pros and cons of using weebly.com to create a minimum viable product for a startup?
What is a good number of early adopter sign-ups for an upcoming app? How can I get a good number of sign-ups on the website?
You've got a business idea to create an electronic device, but you don't have the skills and money to create it. What do you do?
What skills should an entrepreneur be focusing on learning as his product is being developed?
As an online booking platform can I launch my App as an iFrame of my responsive design? What are your experiences how customer react?
What are some ways of applying lean startup principles to internal IT projects?
How hard and feasible is it to go from 10 to 100 SaaS customers for ACV 10K?
What books/documentaries/movies can you recommend for an entrepreneur?
Who is monetizing on Meerkat now (as of March 10, 2015), and what strategies are they using?
How did you "spend a day in the life of your customers" for your start-up?
Where can I learn Lean methodology? Are there different methodologies for different domains? Should I go to a school to learn or can I learn online?
What are some interesting non-tech startups?
What is a good/cheap financial management software solution for startups?
What lessons have been taken away from the 'dot com crash'?
What legal incorporation should a single developer obtain for a software side project with small revenues?
What is it like to work at NewsCred?
In which order should I enter the world of startups, learn coding, talk to customers, and prototype ideas?
Is Kanban a good way to manage individual work, rather than team work?
Startup Advice and Strategy: What is good and bad in building a startup with the minimum number of people?
Which lean metrics should a startup that provides classroom style training (B2B and B2C) use to validate its teaching?
How can I earn money if I keep 5% of each payment made by course owner and Stripe or Paypal take about 3% of each payment?
Which are the best ways for minimizing taxes in Italy?
What are the ways to sign an IT outsourcing contract between a client and a company without travelling?
How does a bootstrap startup go about finding a good affordable general attorney?
What is a problem you face on a daily basis, and do you think there could be a product to solve that problem?
Would entrepreneurs be interested in learning how to design and implement back-end systems to scale their startup?
How do I determine if a startup is lean or not?
Who has a better onboarding process - Betterment or Wealthfront?
What type of MVP candidate do you prefer?
I have an idea for a much needed SaaS product with maybe 5000 total firms that would be interested in the software. Is this market too small?
How do I track retention rate for restaurants?
How can I develop an MVP of a dermatological product without having to work like Gyro Gearloose?
Do you use a website for finding tools and services for professional productivity?
What are the benefits of running a design sprint for my product?
What's the origin of the line "the most expensive code is in software that's never used"?
Is the success rate of Indian tech startups higher than that of Silicon Valley?
How do I test an eCommerce product idea?
Being a good programmer and a visual thinker how could you help startups with MVP or MLP development?
There is this unique market, I want to put the store's merchandise on an online multi-store ecommerce plateform and take commission, can you give me advice please?
What are the ways of joining a startup going to attend the accelerator or already attending it?
Is the business model canvas really as helpful as everybody thinks?
Do you have a company with a scalable business model you would like to expand to Argentina, Chile, Panama, the Netherlands and/or the United Arab Emirates (Dubai)?
What are five lean principles identified by the CII?
How lean can you be as a SaaS startup yet still grow to >1m ARR?
How do founders with an idea go about finding if it is the best product market fit or not?
Does anyone feel uncomfortable trying to explain their business idea all time, while you are iterating it and it is changing ?
Where can I find Jimmy Wales' and/or Marc Bodnick's public opinion on lean startup philosophy (from Eric Ries book)?
Is there any scope for a new social networking website startup in India if it has a different and new idea?
What's the best advice if you have a good start-up idea to create an app, but you can't create a prototype because you're not a programmer and you don't have much money to enroll one?
I have started my lean startup business, Monginoz. It's related to education. How should I approach investors?
What are some good ways to keep spammers away from a minimum viable product (MVP)?
How do I get initial customers/users for a new startup?
What is the validity period of the attested documents?
We need to validate that our customers' companies are real entities to use our service. What are the web services for each country to do this?
How much should a software startup budget for legal expenses when soliciting VC or angel investment (i.e. corporate documentation, patent processing, patent troll litigation, etc.)?
I want to make a custom color LCD of certain design. Where can I get them done?
Is there a Bootstrap theme that supports user-generated campaigns/pages?
Why does everyone talk about the lean startup but do absolutely nothing lean?
How do we drive innovation across companies, communities and countries in a sustainable manner?
How do you build lean tests for new start-ups and stable businesses interested in innovation?
This is my first startup. What do you think about it?
What is the lean startup Hashtribe all about?
Which of these three options will provide the best training for a future young entrepreneur, who does not have any prior work experience?
I am considering moving from Jira to ScrumDo. What are some recommendations?
What do you think about the name of the information based web start-up "Claimfo"?
Should I take a risk at the beginning of my career?
What's it like working at a VC firm?
How do I overcome the sadness that all my startups are for 100s of people not millions or billions?
What is Betterment's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
Can you provide the exact method/model you used to put a valuation on an early stage startup? How did the founder/angel respond?
Is choosing the right partner for a start-up a matter of differences or similarities?
What all are the oil and gas, refining, and petrochemical industry startups in Europe?
When should not yet fully licensed startups start contacting potential suppliers and customers?
Why do I absolutely hate listening to the audiobook "Lean Startup"?
Lean Startups: Where can I get legal advice about startup investment?
In this talk, what did Brad Fitzpatrick mean when he said that if he started a future company "it would all be in Go"?
When will "Outernet" be fully viable in India?
Out of 1000 business leads, what was the average deal closing rate by IT startups in custom software application development and selling IT solutions?
I have $10K, a startup idea and some anecdotal customer validation in the FinTech space. Do I invest in more research or an MVP?
What are examples of companies who went to market with product strategies that directly contrasted the "lean startup" movement but were still successful?
What foreign startups are moving their product/development teams to Lisbon, Portugal?
Would you use my startup as an annotation platform?
Will investors frown upon a startup that has used sites like Weebly.com to create their MVP?
Which software for managing projects based in lean startups do you know?
How can I evaluate my e-commerce startup's worth if I want to sell it completely?
How can we improve a SaaS discovery platform's AngelList page?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from demonstration-purpose prototype to final product?
What does Gravity4 do? What is their business model?
What is the best way to contact someone like Marc Cuban about my startup? (An investment or just feedback on the idea) What do they want to hear?
How long does it take an application/service to get big, really big?
Say you have a great idea, but no business model. Would you pursue it?
What are the core courses in the industrial engineering field?
What are some business ideas that are having success locally but are yet to go global?
How do I immerse myself in Scrum?
How does an acquirer encourage a founder for 2 years to stay in the company?
Is helping SMEs grow their business a good idea for a startup?
How do I adapt to a situation where I am moving from the daily predictability of job to an unstable business venture?
Do you need a team to bring your startup into an accelerator or can you go alone?
How do I come up with an MVP for a new mobile app?
What does "full stack" mean?
What are the most important things to keep in mind while creating a landing page to get validation for a service?
What are the main problems you have had while trying to start your small business?
Seeing that Jobs' stubborn creative passion led to Apple's success, why can't more startup teams/VCs/angels trust artistic founders and see that "erring on the side of brutally lean" can often release a shitty MVP that scares users but are saved by a tad more creative and financial courage?
Why are companies (like Nordstrom and eBay) dissolving their in-house innovation teams?
Is it a stupid to move to show your idea in front of 100 entrepreneurs?
What is the best way to approach start-ups? Should a team build multiple MVPs and test markets, or focus on 1 MVP?
What are the experiences of British people starting up in America?
We made our first few sales--now what?
Do I need to set up a business bank account to start a startup (ecommerce)?
I want customer validation for a startup idea in retail finance. Is it a case of putting up a landing page and getting signups before building & funding an MVP?
What are the most useful templates or worksheets for value proposition design?
How do I use Facebook and Twitter for split testing adverts?
What do successful companies like Snapchat or Facebook look like on a business model canvas?
I have a multimillion dollar app idea. What do I do now?
What metrics would be the most important to measure for startups that gather leads online and deal with SMS, email and phone enquiries?
We have the MVP ready but we don't have money to launch it. What should we do?
What is the use of MVP in lean startups?
Is lean startup methodology inherently contradictory to the blue ocean strategy (or the Zero to One strategy)?
Who were the seed and early investors in eToro?
What are some Edu Tech companies that have crossed the chasm?
What are the advantages of Business Model Canvas over the traditional business plan?
Which approach is better: developing an MVP before the customer development process or after the customer development process?
What are the best lean/agile companies to work for in Berlin?
I've read about running lean, I believe it lets a lot of holes in the startup's marketing, do you agree or not and why?
What is it like to work with Eric Ries?
I have no real skills but I have ~$200,000 and want to start a business. What should I do?
What is the best online start up community?
Do I need an MVP if another startup has one already in the same space and getting paying customers?
How do I learn about startups?
Which people should I hire to build and manage a SaaS website?
How hard is it to get a blogger to write about your startup?
When making movies, does Hollywood subscribe to the practice of creating minimal viable products (MVPs)?
How do I recruit a qualified engineer for new startup? How to attract them to join our new startup?
Are there any interesting startups working with Bayesian networks?
Are your customers part of the product development process?
We are building a marketplace (like GrubHub) that provides same day delivery service of some specific (but popular) deli/grocery products. The MVP is almost ready. The contracts with vendors are signed. We need money to launch it. Is this the right time to seek for investments?
What are alternative theories for Business Model Canvas?
What are some must-knows about starting a SaaS business from scratch?
I have an idea for an app. What should I do before starting working on the MVP?
For a hardware startup in SF, what's the best way to run lean?
What is the ideal niche or target audience for a love card startup?
How much should one spend on an MVP?
What is the latest news about the EB-6 Startup Visa? Should we expect a bill in 2015?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who started a startup with just a loan?
What was Xero's initial growth model, including an analysis of how and why it worked?
How do you know how well your startup is doing?
What would be a lean startup approach to playing chess?
What are some great sites I need to be a part of?
Can we call wireframes/mockups a minimum viable product?
Which technology companies do not have commissioned salespeople?
I found an interesting productivity problem and I am building a solution for that. It is a web app. What is the best way to gain initial traction once I launch a beta version?
How can I start my business if have zero in my bank account and only have the idea?
I run a free game server company with over 100,000 users. I see users from America, Europe, India and Australia. How can I get in touch with potential advertisers to monetize my user base?
If I have an interesting and well tested idea, how do I negotiate with IT engineers?
What's the status of requirements engineering researching or theory for software development in the mobile Internet era?
How do I make working in a home office more productive?
How good is the business model canvas for the prediction of future success?
What are good books, templates or other resources you'd recommend for getting micro projects up and running quickly?
What countries or cities have a great startup environment (other than San Francisco and Israel)?
What were your favourite talks of the Lean Startup Conference SF 2014 and why?
Who are the SaaS thought leaders that you consider "must read"?
What portion of the startup shares should go to product development? What portion should go to marketing/business development? How should the shares be distributed among co-founders?
How can you find a tech team for your startup idea when you have no money to pay them?
I have a business idea for event managers in Africa that is sort of a marketplace. I have savings of $1000 and I want a website for it. How do I go about it?
How could a graduate mechanical engineer best put their skills to use to start a business?
For a small internet business (1000$ revenue) dealing with a limited number of products with outsourced manufacturing and distribution, how do you go about inventory? Do you research the market and then stock, or do you stock and then market it through Facebook/Google?
I have emails of a few thousand college students, collected by a friend's failed startup. Can I use these emails for my startup?
Are programming bootcamps like Hack Reactor, DigitalCrafts, and Dev Bootcamp also for start-up founders?
How do you integrate Facebook Conversion Tracking with LaunchRock signups?
What tools or analytics does the alternative finance (P2P, Crowdfunding, invoices) industry need as acceptance & participation grows?
I want to start an e-learning startup. Is it wrong for me to take an internship at an e-learning company?
My startup idea needs two platforms, one to add web content and one to sell it iOS. How do I build an MVP without spending too much time?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of approaching customers, as group segments or as individual consumers?
I am trying to understand the intent of people looking for minimum viable products, or MVPs. What kind of issues are people looking to solve when they are looking for an MVP?
What are the best ways to quickly test a startup?
Which are the best startup magazines for publishing paid articles?
What does it take to make a fast growing startup?
What are some 'safe' businesses to start?
How do I find a co-founder for my social media related tech startup?
Why do people get so nervous about signing up?
What are the difference between MVP and beta version?
What should be the prototype for attracting an investment: the finished product which has a small number of users or exemplary demonstration model which contains a small part of opportunities of the final idea? What prototypes were shown to investors by founders of successful startups?
Where are the best places to find graphic design internships at startups?
I have a startup, how can I find a co-founder in California/Silicon Valley?
How does LeanGap compare with LaunchSummer?
How did founders, CEOs and entrepreneurs find a startup that helped them find their niche?
What are the best ways to identify a market with low saturation?
Is it still viable to open up an entertainment website involving trailers, teasers, news, and reviews?
Does Techstars have any British companies or companies founded by a British person in their American accelerators?
What do you think of this website?
What are the best tools to integrate email with web forms?
Who are the best early/seed stage fashion and e-commerce investors for a Philippines-based startup?
I have an interview for a startup company program. What advice can you give me?
What are the benefits of lean production?
Has anyone tried doing a start-up and realized that it wasn't for them and has now gone back to working in the corporate world?
What's the best free mailing list platform?
What are some 'lean startups' that people have made successful?
What are some web/mobile product companies in INDIA that have grown organically without spending a lot on advertising, marketing or PR?
So I am going to have a phone conversation with an investor this weekend. He has already seen my business plan. What should I be expecting?
Is risk enough of a reason to discourage yourself from pursuing a business idea?
Assuming execution is worth far more than an idea, is The Lean Startup concept of testing an idea fundamentally flawed?
Will I be taken seriously as an 18 year old lone founder applying to an accelerator?
Is onboarding an essential component of an MVP?
Our tech startup is registered as a Delaware C Corp. We provide a lead generation platform that sources demand for a particular consumer service. Can we create an LLC subsidiary to own the service provider entity that we source demand to? How would this work?
About what pre-money range should I be looking at for my three-year-old SaaS startup doing $1M ARR ($1.8M total rev) growing 100% year over year?
What are the fastest strategies to generate new B2B leads?
What start-ups are going to help domestic jobs?
What are the types of startups a mechanical engineer can start?
What do you think about a site where anyone taking a flight can chat beforehand and arrange to have sex on the plane?
Which VCs in India fund financial services startups?
Have you signed up to Auction Cog. Liquidation auctions. Business assets Auctions. ?
What are the some customer acquisition strategies that a SaaS startup can try?
Are there any startups that are the global equivalent of RedBus.in?
If the series True Detective was a Minimal Viable Product (MVP), is its overwhelmingly positive reception evidence that a 2-3 hour movie based on the show would do well in theaters?
Is it foolhardy to have developed nearly a dozen product ideas and a dozen minimum viable products and to run market tests for each prototype concurrently? What are the potential benefits/pitfalls to such an approach?
What is the best way to set up an umbrella company in OZ for an online business, knowing full well that you will be incorporating it in a tax haven (Anguilla) within 1 year?
How do you validate a start up idea for an IT / professional service? How would you create an MVP if it's a service?
Which are the good law firms in India and Singapore who provide business plan consulting services for startups?
One of the terms that a new potential co-founder has asked for, is a provision that states that if we fire him within the 1 year cliff, he will be paid back pay equaling his hourly rate, for the hours he has put in. Is this provision acceptable?
How is an IT park different from a general marketplace? What are the facilities being offered to a businessman in an IT park?
Why do you take time to help people with startup questions on Quora? What makes it worth it for you?
What are the main challenges faced by Singaporean companies when practicing lean startup methodologies?
How's this for a concierge MVP?
What are the best practices for a startup CEO managing and communicating with the product development team? How much involvement should the CTO have in business development initiatives?
How can I love the way I talk or sound when speaking in public?
What is the very first step after building your app/website?
What expertise does every start-up need?
When is the best moment to pass from MVP to a product?
What all things do I need to know if am starting a startup in India?
What would you recommend for creating a demo video as a minimal viable product for a software?
How can I get initial clients without spending any significant amount on marketing?
What are the top 5 lean startup customer development survey questions for the development of a new alcoholic beverage/fitness app, other than demographics?
I want to test my app with students hence just .edu ending emails because our target is college students. How will this affect development? What positive and negative influences can this have?
How will Vessel's business model really work?
My product would store several image files in the server. What is the best strategy for storing a huge number of files for a startup company product?
What type of businesses arise/can you start due new free trade agreements?
What are some good arbitrage opportunities?
Are we seeing commissioned salespeople disappear from emerging technology companies?
What piece of equipment could I buy to turn into a business?
We want to build a unique unicorn generation platform. Is it possible?
When does the YC summer 2015 application come out?
What does a prospective plan look like? What all details does it have?
I operate a mobile survey platform with over 20K panels/respondents in Indonesia and expanding SEA next year. What are best B2B strategies to reach global clients?
What advice would you offer to a first-time entrepreneur trying to launch a startup that offers an in-home cooking service?
What is the best way to get in touch with Indian VCs and angels for seed funding?
Is there any platform or service that shows the latest pitches at various startup events like StartupWeekend and whatnot?
What is best for an Android MVP mobile app backend, Parse, a GitHub backend, or a custom backend?
How do I get out of this dilemma between unknown pastures vs. a stagnant routine life?
How does user testing work when testing on groups of people, not individuals one-by-one?
What type of monitoring do people need?
What is the right amount of information to collect in a sign up form?
How would you approach launching an online counseling service for software, application, and online tool recommendations?
Should the product manager be a generalist or a subject-matter expert?
Should I offer free memberships for early customers when launching a startup?
What is the process for forming a lean startup?
Are product/market fit and growth the most important criteria for a VC to consider when investing?
What is the best way to test 3 potential domain names for a new business?
How do I find a UK-based lawyer who knows how to structure a startup?
Can the 'Third Italy' model grow our SMEs too, and drive Modi's 'Make in India' initiative? How?
How do you create a landing page to validate an idea without Google suspending your AdWords account?
I have not read either of the 37signals books yet. Which one is better to start with: Getting Real or Rework?
What small and simple business can I have to substitute for a part time job while I study?
I have a dating startup idea, for which I've created landing page, tested with Google AdWords and found to have a $1 conversion rate (the best so far in the various test ideas I've run). Also I have engineers willing to work on it with me. Is that sufficient to ask for some seed capital, quit my job, and go full-time?
When is it time to start asking manufacturers for material doantions (office supplies, software, vehicles) for your startup?
What should I do if my goal is to work for myself/own my own business?
What should a 30/60/90 day plan look like for an incoming VP of sales at a SaaS company with $3M in ARR?
Should I incorporate in China instead of in Hong Kong? Why or why not?
Can you apply lean startup principles to a healthcare business?
Is it good to approach multiple investors at the same time in a hope to find the best investor?
Is Zero to One the antithesis to The Lean Startup?
How can I keep track of all computer technology related conferences happening in India?
Which is better for an entrepreneur with an investor: profit sharing or giving equity
What are the best processes or tools for testing startup hypotheses?
For what types of startups does "customer development" not work very well?
What is the best low-cost way to validate a product before the launch for a startup?
What are the creative ways of branding?
What are the weaknesses of customer development?
For my first MVP should I build it as an app or a website?
What is the best framework for startup name generation?
In what sector should I look for a startup to join in these days?
As a startup founder, how do you organise content that might be useful or you can take action on later?
Do companies tend to undervalue the translation quality of their business copy?
Where can I find bloggers to invite them to write about my startup, which is related to Geotagged videos?
What's crucial for success: talent or hard work?
What are good ways do software development business with an off shore software house?
Is there such a thing as a startup "corporate housekeeping" checklist?
I have a great idea and I want to create a start-up to implement it. Which steps should I take?
Does talent go to technical schools to get better or does talent open a business?
Why do you think people are going to pay in advance to be listed in a platform that isn't live yet?
What are the problems that hyper local startups face that makes them unfundable?
What do VCs think about startups that bootstrap as a service first then trying to evolve into products?
I want customer validation for a startup idea in retail finance. Is it a case of putting up a landing page and getting signups before building & funding an MVP?
Can I launch my startup without incorporating?
What was Wrapify's MVP?
What makes a good landing page?
How do I use Facebook and Twitter for split testing adverts?
Do you know any great startup toolbox?
What are some niche examples to make money by selling data?
How do I explain my MVP(Minimum Viable Product) in less than 5 slides?
What is the use of MVP in lean startups?
What is the sales operation for strategy for 100K-200K annual subscription SAAS product?
How do I apply lean principles into a construction project? For example engineering consultant office design?
What are high-leverage investments for a new B2B startup?
Can you recommend a free, easy-to-use, visual and web-based startup idea management system?
What are the top challenges of venture capital firms?
What are the parameters for the types of people who invest in businesses on crowd funding websites?
Are there people running a startup 1 day a week and working for a boss 4 days a week?
I'm launching a site in 4 weeks. If 1M users create an account in the first month, how could I approach VCs for funding to scale?
Which are the best startups that are only in one country and not abroad yet?
How can I start leaning cloud?
Why doesn't Box integrate with more apps?
What do SMBs want from their technology in order to grow their businesses? What is the number one thing they continually ask their IT person that they just can't seem to deliver on?
Where can I find a struggling law student who will file a patent for me in exchange for equity?
What are some terrible experiences of office politics?
What do you think about connecting to passionate people around you? What would motivate you to connect with others?
How does one start a think tank without any funding?
What are good bizdev/partnership strategies to increase app downloads for a video streaming platform?
How should a team of a beginning UX agency look with the aim of growing quickly?
How long after a startup acquisition is signed does it appear in the news?
What is the best hack/cheapest way to get into business/tech/banking conferences other than volunteering?
What are the challenges you faced validating a problem your startup is solving?
How can I understand startup stock and options and how they are different in layman's terms?
How does a foodie website gain their profit?
How much time do I need to learn Python and AngularJS?
Is there a good overall video on mobile software development?
If you show a working prototype of software to a potential customer, but they don't pre-pay to prove their interest, should you stop working on it?
What is the current state of lean practice within the IT profession?
I found an interesting productivity problem and I am building a solution for that. It is a web app. What is the best way to gain initial traction once I launch a beta version?
How can a software engineer help growth strategy?
How do I make working in a home office more productive?
What is the meaning of lean consulting?
Who can award Lean belts?
How important is it to start talking (promote) about your mobile app on Twitter and other social media sites before its release? And how much can you talk about the actual product?
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the building design and architecture industry?
What is the best way to validate an app idea online?
If I own 60% of a startup and When it comes to investing in capital, Is it required for me to invest in 60% of the total required investment?
What is a "local maximum" equivalent to Harvard that startups like Facebook have saturated with some velocity on their way to scale?
Do you think lean means cheap or quick? Or neither?
How can a startup answer the question "what prevents a bigger company from taking your idea?"
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What is entrepreneurial spirit? How to keep it alive?
How does complexity in business processes cause an increase in costs?
Have you followed the principle 'Bootstrap First, Raise Money Later'?
What is the right age that a person should start thinking of/start preparing to become an entrepreneur?
How do you turn your idea into app in the shortest amount of time? Which set of software or frameworks might be helpful for an MVP?
My startup idea needs two platforms, one to add web content and one to sell it iOS. How do I build an MVP without spending too much time?
How did Quora founders answer the question of, how big is the market and revenue size during their initial pitch?
I have a different work ethic than my fellow founders. Is it bad to be so?
What is the average customer acquisition cost for mobile app startups in the virtual service area (personal assistant, advisory, coaching, health, psychology, etc.)?
Funding: What are the best resources (online or offline) for learning to create an amazing pitch deck?
I have funding which will be used to hire a CEO for my startup. Can I still influence Product/Strategy from a Board Seat?
How would you go about acquiring your first 100 local customers?
Do I have to behave as a leader to support lean management?
What does Auren Hoffman (liveramp) mean by 'strategy in a startup'?
What are the relationship choices for a founder and a new corporation?
Why are most of tech startups taking UX lightly?
Dat Venture: Do I have to come to Boston for the entire 3-month period?
What are some deal killer risks that if left unexamined can kill a startup business?
What ways startup can make money, if the product is free of cost and ads?
What is the best way to market a small (i.e., one person) consulting business?
What questions do I ask the references of a potential technical cofounder?
What is Wealthfront's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
What are the online marketing challenges for a startup company?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean inventory management?
In which country should we set up our tech startup - UK or Denmark?
What is a price to open an office in San-Francisco?
Is Ruby on Rails or Python better to build a large scale two-sided web application that facilitates and executes consumer financial transactions and organizes reporting summaries?
How do I evaluate project proposals?
What are examples of SaaS apps with minimal technology stacks?
How do I bounce back when someone says bad things about your startup?
How do you reply to "Why should I buy from your start-up"?
Is it better to go through customer validation first stage or to invest my own money in to app development?
Using The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, which other books are an exemplar of which must-reads stand next to The Lean Startup for the audience it serves?
Should I file a trademark for my startup name? How does that work and how much is it?
Should I quit my job and join a startup accelerator or just focus on launching my product first, getting some traction, then look for financing (while keeping my job)?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
Is the the Lean Startup theory presented by Steve Blank most useful on designing startups, or are there better alternatives?
I've developed a device that would save stakeholders in just one small geographical part of the market over $30 million annually. How can I become an appealing startup to tech incubators? What tech incubators would be the best fit?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What start-ups are going to help domestic jobs?
Startups in India: I am planning to duplicate the business model of Alibaba and IndiaMART on a local scale in my city. How viable will it be? Is it going to make a good startup project?
Sheryl Sandberg: What sparked the idea to start writing your first Book "Lean In"?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies that you cofound?
What are growth hackers tools to analyze the competitors?
I'm a tech guy and I have a small startup. I'm looking to hire a CEO to raise money and manage the startup. What should I write in the job description? What qualification should I mention?
What are your personal reasons for being involved in business and why?
What are the some customer acquisition strategies that a SaaS startup can try?
Why should MBA students learn about entrepreneurship or startups in general?
When is the lean startup approach too lean and fails? Do you have any personal example?
The famous "the lean startup method" recommends creating fake advertisement for a product with a fake website and a fake sign-up button to accurately gauge consumer demand. Is doing that actually legal in any US state or Germany, and will such ads be banned from Facebook?
Why did GigStart fail in India?
How do you manage graphic designers to ensure you can get creative, beautiful work in small batches for a lean startup?
As a 19-year-old with limited capital, how can I start my own watch reselling business?
Should you buy lean or regular ground meat?
Do you need to do customer development in a proven market?
What is the best way to test you ideas?
Is it necessary for me to scale-up my startup ?
Who has a better onboarding process - Betterment or Wealthfront?
How many users do you receive when your product is featured by Product Hunt?
If China went to war with the United States & China's first action was to stop all US manufacturing there. Would that destroy the US economy?
Where can you buy wristbands which have custom capabilities. For example ones which include both GPS tracking and NFC?
Does ovatisol work for lean PCOS?
Why didn't Quantly work out?
How can I develop an MVP of a dermatological product without having to work like Gyro Gearloose?
How do I validate an idea about improving a service if the actual user of this service are already satisfied, but I think it can be get better?
How much coding should I learn if I've other skills but am really keen to launch a tech startup?
Which Startup platforms or services with perks are being used today?
At what point should I register my lean start-up as a UK business?
What are some tips for doing business development for multiple companies at the same time?
How do I recruit interviewees for MVP testing?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
What is the very first step after building your app/website?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I pursue MVP or not?
What events should I attend if I'm about to enter the USA market with our outsourcing services and framework for creating SaaS apps?
If you heard of service that would instantly incorporate a startup and handle all its operations for a low monthly fee, what questions would you have?
What are somethings to consider just before signing a short term sub-lease contract?
How are investors still listening to the founder if the company is not making enough revenue?
What are the first steps in launching a lean manufacturing program?
What are the top 5 lean startup customer development survey questions for the development of a new alcoholic beverage/fitness app, other than demographics?
I have a startup idea. How can I find a like-minded developer/technical guy(co-founder) who is equally passionate as me and can help me in the implementation (I am a developer too)?
Has Terrence Yang ever used the lean startup methodology?
What are the expenses we've to keep in mind while starting Web startup?
Should I delete inactive users from my “newsletter” email list to keep my email marketing service fees down?
How can I start living my life and do what I love?
What are the current mistakes of people using lean startup?
Who are the most impressive, young, and Australian entrepreneurs that would be valuable to take for coffee one day?
Can my Canadian startup (Ontario) get funding from elsewhere; such as the U.S.A.?
What is the median Flow efficiency index in different industries, especially in software development?
Is it ok to pay a consultant a one time flat fee to do a startup milestone and not minimum wage (which I can't afford to pay)?
Is a reseller channel an important and effective channel to consider them a viable sales channel in a startup?
Are there any lean startup consultants or coaches in Ahmedabad?
If I invested $1,000 in Uber today (June 2016) and Uber was acquired next month, how much money would I make?
Why is customer feedback important to an organization?
Would you describe the roles a startup needs to be successful?
What should be consider when building a Yelp alike?
Can you use 1000 $ to get traction for your startup, how?
What were your top 5 fears when you were considering leaving your employee job to start your own startup/business?
How much would it cost to start a tech startup as a non technical founder without any tech friends?
What is best for an Android MVP mobile app backend, Parse, a GitHub backend, or a custom backend?
How do I join a start-up, having 3+ years of experience in Microsoft technologies?
How do I get out of this dilemma between unknown pastures vs. a stagnant routine life?
When is it not true that the first to scale well after real product-market fit wins?
What are the best early indicators of a tech downturn in the Bay Area?
I have an idea for a mobile app, but I can't realize it because I don't have any experience of building mobile apps. Can I develop some simulation in a browser to show investors and ask for a small amount for the project and team building?
I just completed my MVP (http://useclocker.com). How should I attract people to it to get feedback since I don't have a database full of emails?
What is the next step with our MVP?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
How can I sell a specialised application custom made for each client for a specific industry without making my own company but still being tax legit?
Funding: When a startup gets funded is the whole amount given in a single go or is it in stages? Also is it possible that investment gets pulled back?
Is it normal that my new startup's name sounds weird?
What does a customer development manager do?
What does Gordon Miller think about the lean startup methodology?
What foreign startups are moving their product/development teams to Lisbon, Portugal?
What are examples of companies who went to market with product strategies that directly contrasted the "lean startup" movement but were still successful?
How do I ask an entrepreneur to be my mentor?
Where can I find the right mentor for my music startup?
We are a startup and have a prototype ready. It is a B2B product. We are currently targeting builders/real estate sector. We currently don't have a marketing team. How should I hire a sales team? What is the best approach/technique for B2B marketing?
Can Facebook ads be effective as a sole marketing tool for a startup?
Information Technology: Which are good software development companies which work with startups?
Are there success stories of startup founders who failed in their first venture but succeeded later?
How do I complete MVP if lead developer is busy?
My app has over 100,000 downloads and over 10,000 app visits daily within 3 months after launch. How much will you pay to advertise in my app?
Why is usability testing important?
What is the android alternative to TestFlight for alpha/beta testing that can handle many users?
When did Japan change the rules of mass to lean in production?
What are the various valuation methods to consider for a startup building enterprise IT products and seeking their first round of funding with an MVP and a bunch of leads trying out the early beta version?
Is it smart to branch off the development of my company to india?
Are there any stats on the total number of startups that have been accelerated by leading accelerators such as YCombinator, 500 Startups, TechStars & AngelPad?
How long does it take an application/service to get big, really big?
Why do a majority of Apple, Google and Facebook employees not want to start their own startups with the money they have earned?
What business can I start with a capital of 5 to 10 lakh?
Where can I find a list of Startups in India?
How can I promote a contest to the 3D printing community?
How does BazillionBeings work from a technical standpoint?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
If I'm just starting out with my startup, with just a website, should I do a fake door testing?
Do people respond to emails asking them to provide answers to survey questions for a conceptual product that may be of value to them in the future?
What OO or functional design patterns do lean companies such as Quora or Facebook use for the architecture of their end-to-end tests?
Which should a startup choose if only one could be chosen, persistence or innovation?
What are the main problems you have had while trying to start your small business?
What's the hardest thing about customer development?
What is the best way to compensate an interim CTO in an early stage pre-funded company?
What are good ways do software development business with an off shore software house?
Should a minimum viable product focus on niche user experience, or a seamless core function?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Where did you learn to raise money?
What is your view about the upcoming e-commerce site Titans Mag (For smart online shopping)?
What are the common assumption and estimation mistakes Managers do while hiring UX?
Does it matter who invests at seed stage in a startup?
Should I still pursue a business venture in spite of my parents telling me it will not succeed? I am prepared to face failure.
Where can I find early adopters for my SaaS?
How can I get an online service idea started up?
What problems are annotation services solving?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
What is the easiest service based business to start as a software engineer?
We have the MVP ready but we don't have money to launch it. What should we do?
Is it a good idea for a startup to go invite-only?
What are some Edu Tech companies that have crossed the chasm?
Do people use alternative list based marketing? I know email marketing is dominant, but are there other platforms people use?
How do I prevent Rocket Internet from cloning my startup once it has significant traction (users/revenue)? What factors (internal/external) discourage clones?
How can I hire people for my Startup if I don't have money to pay them salary?
How do we develop a relationship with our early adopters?
Is work experience necessary for young startup founders?
When starting a potentially valuable start-up as a 17 year old what are some things to do so I don't get screwed?
How can we apply Lean Methodology to the big data and data science solutions?
Which grocery product can I sell online to grow a customer base?
What is Priori Legal? How does it work?
How do I choose my features for a mvp?
What interesting stuff can be shown on an analytics startup's desk?
Startups: Which business functions would you recommend using outsourcing (i.e. IT development, HR, accounting, data management, customer services)?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Is selling 33K$ through Ebay in my first trade attempt in 30 days counted as a reliable marketing experience?
How hard is it to get a blogger to write about your startup?
Should I drop out of college for a semester to pursue machine learning?
Is the Middle East just as good of a market for Startups as the west?
I have a startup and really need a privacy policy and terms of use, but don't have the budget for either one. What should I do?
How do I ensure that my startup's name is safe to use?
Can I Create a Sales Lead using LinkedIn without being spammy or intrusive?
When the needs of the end-user and the customer differ, what's the typical approach companies with a lean philosophy /TPS use?
In the lean startup methodology, you can pivot or persevere but when do I know to give up?
Why hasn't the Zenefits business model been cloned?
Why are lean startup consultants so expensive (normally 50-100 USD per hour)?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
Without coding it myself is there any SaaS platforms or CMSs that will allow me to add a secure login, plans page, & secure payment form to a website?
When is the best time of year to get press for a new startup?
How can I start my business if have zero in my bank account and only have the idea?
What are examples of lean dough and gateaux?
What are some small scale business ideas? How can we expand small scale ventures?
My prototype is done. I aim to take on clients from another country. Can I do this without actually being based there?
Have there been any tech ideas that have been successful and do not require the creator to manage it while banking millions?
How would you convince a lean sceptic manager of the importance of being in the Gemba?
What’s the #1 challenge you face during product development?
Can you use a lawyer and a business model to find a minimum viable product for an LLC you began at age 20?
I have a small budget and I have to pick only one of these book the lean startup, the hard things about hard things and from 0 to 1, which one should I choose?
Has a high growth consumer tech startup ever been able to be successful without raising funding?
I'm thinking about starting a tutoring company, what advices you guys would give me?
What is lean architecture?
How do I build a minimum viable product for a handmade marketplace?
How should equity be divided in a new startup to make all feel valued and long-term committed if there are three founders, two of whom are drawing a pay ($80/hr as programmers) and one who is not taking a pay but is providing 6 months worth of founding capital?
Was Facebook a "lean startup"?
I have a business idea for event managers in Africa that is sort of a marketplace. I have savings of $1000 and I want a website for it. How do I go about it?
Where can I find a succinct and actionable customer development framework that can be learned quickly?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
If you are using the Lean start-up at what point do you trademark your product and incorporate as a company? Before the MVP? Or prior to launch?
How is grocery E-commerce giving a tough time to offline players in India?
How do I build, develop, and execute MVP?
When talking about ground beef, what does 85% lean or 93% lean etc. mean? And which one is healthier or is it worth the cost?
Does ambition kill the happiness?
For how long can a founder and co-founder work on a startup before having to quit their day jobs?
How can you introduce Lean principles in your startup without being accused of being too pessimistic?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of approaching customers, as group segments or as individual consumers?
How should I respond to odd questions from investors?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
Is the CEO of Y Combinator right in advising not to talk to your products' users in his startup advice post?
I'm a digital marketing consultant, how can I productise my services?
What are the best online and offline tools to generate leads for SMBs working in a B2B model?
What's the best way to do a startup, where both sweat equity and early investment would be involved?
What is the best collaboration tool for a team of 3?
How do you validate a market and a customer for a new product?
What is a healthy lifestyle daily minimal viable product?
I am building a product for my startup. My fear is if Facebook gets to know about this idea, they may implement it over the weekend (with the resources available to them). How should I overcome this fear?
Which startups have become successful and making profits too in last three years to sustain and justify the startup fundings.
What new lean startup tools/approaches do you wish had existed when you first launched your startup?
Does startups need MBA professionals with programming experience?
Which email/web hosts have better reputations for hosting opt-in email marketing websites so that emails get delivered in inboxes without being marked as spam?
I want to start a job providing service startup in Nagpur.  How can I get people enthusiastic in startup and interested to work with me.?
What are the pros and cons of working at a successful startup vs Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is the step-by-step process to test and validate a Business Model Canva?
What would be good tools to help me on the "Get out of the building" phase? Is there a model/tips to question people about their problems?
What are the best ways to identify a market with low saturation?
Should I hire a cofounder who's not experienced in startups?
Do most startups lie about their active user numbers, duration of use? What is an example?
What are the best tools to integrate email with web forms?
Which would you choose, a dream job offer in your home country or migrating to your dream country now?
What is GrowthHackers - A Community for Growth-Focused Marketers - Trending - GrowthHackers business model? How are they making money?
What did Facebook determine it was doing in the lean start up phases of the company?
What are good techniques for forming a peer support group with other like-minded entrepreneurs in my area?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
Are there successful startups / companies that specialise in Machine Learning for basic science driven areas?
How does one come to know that your startup idea is one in million?
What does Dave McClure recommend I do to not mess this up: Secondesk Intro.pdf? Who would be the best experts to reach out to for advise?
I conducted a survey of my idea and got almost 120 responses. Out of which more than 72% likes my idea. Should I reach to an investor at this point?
Why is it so hard to bootstrap without looking for funding?
What are the fastest strategies to generate new B2B leads?
Who is monetizing on Meerkat now (as of March 10, 2015), and what strategies are they using?
What's the best example of a successful lean start-up?
What is the soonest that a seasoned CEO can be employed to replace the founder and take the lead?
What is the best Lean Startup course available worldwide?
What are companies following lean methodologies?
How do marketers and scientists quantify personalities and behaviors into usable data?
Do lean startups work or not?
What is the single most important skill for being the CEO of a tech startup in the Valley?
I've profitable business model, good team, tech, live customer with profit. More customers in queue but we're short of funds. How do I get seed fund?
One of the terms that a new potential co-founder has asked for, is a provision that states that if we fire him within the 1 year cliff, he will be paid back pay equaling his hourly rate, for the hours he has put in. Is this provision acceptable?
Is lean change management really effective?
How would you manage an international team of social media managers, each running nationally-focused promotion channels for the international company brand, each using lean experimentation?
Which are the richest "companies" run and owned by one person?
If I created an app that users can use to record and edit videos, what is my market?
How can I predict the profits and costs for a new product business plan without guessing?
What are the different types of fund raise methods that a Startup can resort to in India and how?
Messaging: What is known about Slack in terms of their financials?
Does a lean startup necessarily have to be a high-growth startup?
I’m bringing on co-founders, is this a fair split?
Is using a non corporate lawyer relative to optimize online legal forms/services the next best thing if you can't afford a startup lawyer?
Can I use a domain name with a registered trademark word in it?
How much funding has HandyHome received till now?
How do you build an MVP?
Sheryl Sandberg: Lean In: How do we spread the core message, through our actions in the local communities?
None of my friends or friend's friends are technical, and I want to find a technical co-founder. What's the best way to go about it?
What should I do if I have an idea for a startup but I have no money or resources whatsoever?
What is the least amount of money someone has used to start a company and built it up to a million dollars or more?
Will a Canadian project on Kickstarter get the same exposure as a U.S. one?
Are Skype interviews considered "getting out of the building?"
Does anyone feel uncomfortable trying to explain their business idea all time, while you are iterating it and it is changing ?
Is Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services Basic really free? What version is the best for beginning developers?
Is it smart to build a website using open source codes to see if it will work? Can that be seen as the MVP lean startup method?
How do I get users for my new startup?
What startups are preparing to disrupt the future of business?
Who do you love more? Your product or your customer?
I want to make a custom color LCD of certain design. Where can I get them done?
What piece of equipment could I buy to turn into a business?
When testing product/market fit for your MVP, is some amount of UX "friction" a good thing?
What is the minimum number of customers to have when it is appropriate to implement a CRM?
How do you define the user persona or target customers for a social product such as WhatsApp which can be used by anyone and everyone?
What businesses benefit from having more people attend/participate like a gym?
Which books can help me understand what users want?
How can I create a minimum viable product for a web app?
What would happen if an airline was run like a startup?
How can I deduct my rent in the San Francisco Bay Area as a business expense if I work full-time at home either as an employer or as an employee?
Where can I find a qualified person to audit my startup's landing page?
I'm currently starting a company that provides news and alerts for a niche market and I am not sure if we should charge a fee for it or provide it for free. We prefer free but our yearly revenue would be much less. How does one make this decision?
When will "Outernet" be fully viable in India?
Should the product manager be a generalist or a subject-matter expert?
Can you name some successful startup that ignored certain laws?
Is it bad to change the focus of your lean startup over a period of time?
If I were to try making a prototype of an invention, where could I carry on this product-making process?
How would you explain the lean methodology to your mum?
Is a mobile app with a large number of users and adoption, but free to use viable?
What is the process for forming a lean startup?
I want to start a business at 18. I already have an idea it'll mostly be online and I'll have to create an app. Where should I start?
How do I sell a cheap product with a good profit margin through an online eCommerce website?
If you give someone equity that vests after a milestone but you aren't incorporated yet, what exactly do you give them?
Can BIM be used as Lean tool? Is it used as a part of lean construction today?
I have not read either of the 37signals books yet. Which one is better to start with: Getting Real or Rework?
What is the most foolish thing you've heard working in a startup?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
Where does Dollar Shave Club get their blades from?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
Why are accelerators 'graduating' entrepreneurs who fail to get funding?
Firefield offers no-cost virtual office hours via Google Hangout and Skype, so what are some of the best sites to post this information to for startup founders to find and take advantage?
Which are less known company builders, similar to rocket internet, which copy business models?
Is the MVP bar too high nowadays?
For building a web startup is it better to hire a full-time developer/designer, take on board a tech co-founder, or outsource to a good outside firm?
What is the best low-cost way to validate a product before the launch for a startup?
How do I create hype, traction and consumer demand using storytelling for my startup?
How does fillr.com earn money?
Does effective networking sometimes involve a business model?
As an indie business owner, what key thing to you need to understand?
If a business is valuable to customers only if users are present, how can it be validated before getting the users?
If you could wave a magic wand and change things in startup competitions, what would it be?
I will round up my first degree programme in computer science this year. I am interested in studying medicine as a career course. What should I do?
Seeing that Jobs' stubborn creative passion led to Apple's success, why can't more startup teams/VCs/angels trust artistic founders and see that "erring on the side of brutally lean" can often release a shitty MVP that scares users but are saved by a tad more creative and financial courage?
Is there a Slack prototyping or wire framing theme?
Why are companies (like Nordstrom and eBay) dissolving their in-house innovation teams?
How should I reach out to VCs initially?
What are some primary-source examples of experiments you ran on a variable in your business model at a company with more than 5,000 people?
Who are some not-so-famous entrepreneurs that I can learn from?
Why would Sir Richard Branson start too many companies?
At what point in my entrepreneurial career would it be beneficial to buy a Lamborghini?
What is the suggestion for product and service based IT startup?
Where do I find a good web designer for a MVP website?
How does a startup compete with a established company that dominates the market?
What was Task Rabbit's MVP like?
I'm looking for a company (X) that offers an escrow account service that handles time-released software payments to the developer (Z) during a test period of e.g. 180 days for the customer (Y).  Is there such a company X that provides such a service?
I am in the process of a marketplace startup. The supply side is taken care of. How do I market my product to gain customers?
How do I make sure that my startup founder don't fire me after building them a minimum viable product?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
Is it important to dress professionally in a business meeting?
What non-failed brick and mortar businesses have been started with barely enough to pay for lease, wages and merchandise?
What is the difference between validation board & lean canvas?
What activities around a startup office can you recommend?
What would you prefer: going into a market which has very less number of players, or into a market which has a lot of shitty players where you think you can get the job done better?
How do I build the right team for my startup’s MVP near the launch?
Shouldn't public venture capital investors get price protection too?
How do I apply lean methodology to a startup that is for entertainment purpose and does not solve a problem?
What is the most creative (domain) name for a stylish, modern, innovative flight, hotel, event and party website?
How do we make Germany the best startup hub in the world?
What's the difference between the mentorship models of Glassbreakers and that of Lean On?
Will Bombardier's new aerostructures division need to fully adopt lean engineering principles and practices in order to be competitive within the global aerospace supply chain?
What are the necessary legal things to check before leaving a startup as a founder?
How should I go about cold emailing investors before I have my minimum viable product complete?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
What are the key points about the Lean Startup framework proposed by Eric Ries?
Is there any Pay Per Share model that actually work?
What should you watch out when you incorporate in Delaware but operate overseas?
How do you know how well your startup is doing?
Should a startup with an MVP start hiring sales representatives immediately?
Which technology companies do not have commissioned salespeople?
What is the best way to keep some influence on the product/strategy after hiring a CEO as a startup founder?
As an investor what is your view, if a founder uses his first startup employee to build MVP for his second startup?
Where can I find Lean Canvas of real startups that are successful?
Do Brian Chesky & Joe Gebbia know how to code?
Is it really important for a tech startup to be in a startup-friendly city to succeed?
What are the current opportunities in the forex and general trading industry for startups?
What are your thoughts on this project management compensation model?
How do you get from $1M ARR to $10M ARR?
In what ways could Lean or Agile methodology be applied to government policy decisions and agency management?
Has anyone left their jobs at well-known Indian startups? Why did you leave?
Lean Startup is great for startups with market risk. Are there other good methodologies for startups with invention/product risk?
How do I get RIGHT influencers/initial users for my Startup?
What are the scopes of lean implementation and manufacturing excellence in the Indian footwear industry?
What is Noah Kagan's competition tool and can you purchase it?
What are the merits / demerits of working with a digital marketing freelancer?
Is it a good idea to ask people what they want and then deliver exactly that?
How much equity did Snapchat and Instagram give for their seed funding?
What are some negative sides on the lean startup methodology?
What are the pros and cons of being very lean?
What does Jason Lemkin think is the best way for an early stage SaaS company to get its first 1-3 pilot Fortune 500 paying customers?
In which start-up stage is which component of the customer development process executed?
When validating a start-up idea, can we do customer discovery and interviews without a landing page?
Who are the key consultants and mentors to lean startups?
Why are companies such as Uber, Airbnb, Snapchat, Dropbox, etc. still called startups?
Is it possible today for a single engineer to scale an app to 1 million users?
What lean startup metrics and analytics tools and software could an SaaS startup build using ASP .net MVC?
How do I capitalize on this opportunity?
What are the steps to creating a successful startup, without starting too fast?
What topics should be included in a product management fundamentals training?
Which is a better option to go for to increase brand awareness of a logistics startup eying only B2B business. Google AdWords or SEO?
I am prototyping a service for a B2C customers. How do I capture feedback for the MVP?
When should a startup hire a professional and experienced CEO?
How should you approach your first cold leads in a B2B SaaS product?
What is the best tool to set up and share the first year roadmap of 3 startup cofounders?
I’ve studied design for the past 15 years and I currently teach product design at high school level (up to AP or sixth form/A-level in the UK). How would/could I go about productizing my intellectual property and what kind of business could I create by using this IP?
How can I write a business plan to submit it to investors?
What are some successful startup that we can perform alone?
What does it take to make a fast growing startup?
My company got acquired and I want to move on (technical co-founder). How do I approach my next job?
What does Dan Gilbert think of Minimum Viable Products?
What are the recommended books one should read prior to starting a mobile app start-up venture?
What would the term customer organizations mean in the context of startups?
It is recommended to build a mobile app before a webpage?
What is the cheapest way to rent a pickup truck for my business startup?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
Is growth hacking a new alternative for marketing?
How did Avanoo grow from 1300 to 5m in 1 year?
Kalaari capital launched kstart to seed fund startups. What are the views about their term sheet? What equity they are asking for 500k funding?
What happened to Votizen after their case study in The Lean Startup?
Should an MVP be outsourced?
Is Sequoia Capital the number 1 investor leader with their 789 investments in 487 companies?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
How do Entrepreneurs get biggest pain points of People and Starts Startup on it?
About what pre-money range should I be looking at for my three-year-old SaaS startup doing $1M ARR ($1.8M total rev) growing 100% year over year?
What is Scrum and how did Jeff Sutherland and Ken Schwaber create it?
How important is it to do real life interviews instead of digital questionnaires according to the lean startup principle?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
What are some interesting non-tech startups?
Which VCs in India fund financial services startups?
I am from Mumbai and I have a startup idea. I don't need any investment I just need a few like minded people to work with me?
Who are some entrepreneurs who started their company with less than $5K and become successful?
In which order should I enter the world of startups, learn coding, talk to customers, and prototype ideas?
Is Kanban a good way to manage individual work, rather than team work?
If you are in the process of a "soft launch", should you seize media hype opportunities or avoid them?
Do you agree or disagree with the Lean Startup techniques?
What is the best time to start working on my own startup?
In which ways are the ideas of a lean startup and a distributive enterprise similar?
How do producers / entrepreneurs in media (film, music, stage, concerts, opera, other productions) validate their product before going to market?
What should I do when investors sign the agreed documents but never funds the agreed investments?
How would have Mark Zukerberg validated the business model of Facebook?
How do we validate that we actually have a market for idea before we build something?
Why is Conjoint Analysis not discussed more in the Customer Development, Lean Startup movement?
How do I startup while in college with no Experience, Money or connections. Should I join an accelerator and leave my first job to follow my dreams?
Is it better to have a concept or a vision to solve a problem for a startup?
What type of MVP candidate do you prefer?
Is it possible for a capable software engineer to cofound a successful niche e.g. B2B SaaS startup on fair (50/50) terms or found it alone?
Why do you take time to help people with startup questions on Quora? What makes it worth it for you?
Do you use a website for finding tools and services for professional productivity?
What is the industry standard sales commission structure of the commission-only basis sales people for the size of a 50K to 500K software development project/deal?
What is the best way to get an internship at an accelerator in NYC?
What are some sites that are beautifully designed, yet ugly competitors dominate their category?
What is the most efficient way to set up interviews with potential customers for customer development and idea validation?
What is more important when writing the code for MVP: that the code works or how good it is written?
What if I start a startup not to generate any money but only to achieve the purpose behind starting it? How to achieve the purpose?
How would you creatively and affordably advertise Instagram if you started it today?
How do I start a business with minimal investment?
What would you recommend for creating a demo video as a minimal viable product for a software?
What was Fiverr's MVP?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
How do I get initial customers/users for a new startup?
What startup podcast is more succinct than most?
What are some tips for a successful small business in a small time?
What are the best US entrepreneurship, marketing, and tech conferences for 2017?
If you had the emails and phone numbers of tens of thousands of recent college grads, what easy-to-create product would you market to them?
For small startups, is it better to have a bug management tool separate from general project management?
Can a foreign company selling online in Australia charge Australian GST?
Is burnout especially intense/pervasive in failed entrepreneurs?
What is the best book for learning product-market fit?
Should you design a site first and then the logo, or the logo and then the site?
What are things big multinational software companies can't solve (or at least have difficulties to solve) but small local software companies can?
Is there a way to get commitment from customers before launching a B2B product?
How can a startup event organizing company get many sponsors and partners?
A startup founder contacted me as an expert, and I gave him expertise for free. Now he wants me to develop a product. How do I request compensation?
Does lean management work?
Is MVP a success for Android?
Do you recommend the new Gust Launch service?
What are some examples of customer development failing?
What are some criticisms of the Customer Development framework?
What are some popular subscription based startups that have done well?
How do VC entrepreneurs make enough money to start a VC fund with?
What is Dat Venture?
Are there any ways to secure/safeguard my unique idea when testing the MVP?
What is a good site for learning grammar?
Does Lean startup is the fastest method to build and test hypothesis?
What are some examples of startups that had viral growth as mentioned in the lean startup apart from Hotmail and Paypal?
What is a recommended way to test viral cycles?
Out of 1000 business leads, what was the average deal closing rate by IT startups in custom software application development and selling IT solutions?
Is the actual shipping in dropshipping the hardest part about this business model?
Instead of looking for investors I want them to look for me, is it possible?
What legal steps do you have to go through in order to start a business?
How was Accompani able to raise $15M in series B while still not even in beta yet?
Is joining a tech giant like Facebook/Google after college, a sign of complacency vs. joining a startup?
As a first-time founder, where should I be spending my time?
Does lean startup methodology applies on enterprise level organisation?
Would you use my startup as an annotation platform?
How can I be an entrepreneur if math is not my best subject at high school?
Can anyone give me some examples of companies that failed to implement lean system?
What are some of the craziest startup ideas you have seen or heard of for college students?
I have a software service concept which I would like to build. Would this offer be acceptable to software developers with around 2 years of experience in PHP/MySQL?
I am good at programming and problem solving. but weak in English. my mother tongue is Tamil. is there any possibility to get job above 6 lpa package?
When seeking funding from an investor, should I ask for enough money to build out just the platform or enough for platform and one year of traction?
How do you reconcile the success of the "Build it and they will come" model with the lean start-up model?
What are the techniques that enable you to think just like your customers?
Is it possible to build and manage a SaaS business from home as a single founder?
Should I start a company around a possible revolutionary product or begin small?
Would you rather start a startup in a market with high competition or high regulation?
Is the "lean startup" methodology suitable also for startups that create silicon chips?
Is it necessary to do due diligence and background checks on a potential cofounder if we are both young?
What are the minimal legal services I need to launch a startup with 2 people and how much should I pay?
Before building a successful startup, how the founder must prepare himself in technical aspects such as design, development and performance maintanence?
What are some business ideas that are having success locally but are yet to go global?
How do I interpret smoke testing results from a landing page?
How do I adapt to a situation where I am moving from the daily predictability of job to an unstable business venture?
Is crowdsourcing the best 'bang for your buck' for an app UI or is it better to hire just one quality designer from Indonesia for half of the price?
What are certain steps to create a mobile startup?
What is lean canvas model?
What's the best way to validate which food products will sell through my high-traffic blog before manufacturing them?
What's crucial for success: talent or hard work?
Which is the best equity crowdfunding platform for a mobile games startup?
What are some side projects on product management you can work on to land a job?
Can I outsource the creation of my MVP (minimal viable product)?
What is the best way to understand and analyse data from your market?
How could I calculate RoI for a 5S project and its business impact?
What advice would Auren Hoffman give to product managers?
Did you gain or lose significantly by working for a start-up?
Startup mentors, especially lean startup mentors, what is the one word or phrase you wish your mentees would avoid when describing their customer segment?
If Zenefits' CEO, Conrad, was standing in front of you, what advice would you give him?
Is there any formula for adding customer support/success personnel in SaaS business?
How to sign NDA with other co-founders and employees, when my startup is not yet incorporated?
What million-dollar businesses can I start now with just my laptop?
I’m at a crossroads in my startup. How do I make an extraordinarily difficult business decision?
Should every new SMB manufacture the products in their business themselves?
How do I convice goods manufacturers, they wanted to trade for new and unknown auction site, an intermediary in the sale of goods B2B and B2C?
How can I get a startup incubator/accelerator for my startup from VC's like Sequoia (or other giants)?
What is the minimum viable product of a consultant?
What are some of the best ways to test a business concept?
How does one promote a project which benefits can only be felt offline?
What are the best lean/agile companies to work for in Berlin?
How would you cheaply track 10 cars driving around in a decent-sized city daily without the owners knowing?
As an entrepreneur how do you just stop caring what other people think when it is not constructive?
Why is a down round so bad?
Should I allow users to send an inbox message before sending a friendship request on a social network site?
I am looking for feedback from investors and entrepreneurs on this pitch deck for Secondesk.
Is there such a thing as an MVP for a luxury fashion startup?
Will hotel owners agree to my service that provides their customers access to local restaurants with a discount?
How do you deal with someone threatening to file a law suit before being incorporated?
How do I start the research about my ideas? I can talk to people, but that won't give me a good sample size. What can I do?
What is the best online start up community?
What is the difference between a lean startup and a lean software development?
Is it worth pursuing IP rights for your startup when it's a service/market/platform?
What are some good virtual startup accelerator programs?
We are building a marketplace (like GrubHub) that provides same day delivery service of some specific (but popular) deli/grocery products. The MVP is almost ready. The contracts with vendors are signed. We need money to launch it. Is this the right time to seek for investments?
Is it normal for entrepreneurs to have growing insecurity as the release day for a minimum viable product approaches?
What are the best reading resources to understand legal and financial matters around startups like: Funding, Equity, Termsheets etc?
When do you discuss compensation/equity when building an app/product with friends?
What was the moment that made you study and apply Lean management principles?
Startups: We just get a call from investor who interested to invest $200,000 in our startup. Is it a good idea?
How should I interview a customer to help define the features of his MVP?
How do you manage to get 20 customers to interview when you're a B2B SaaS?
What are the best notes from Y Combinator's "How to start a startup" class?
How do you apply the lean method when your value proposition is an experience?
Are lean gainers effective?
How can you measure the value proposition of your company?
Do I need to register startup for payment gateway and logistics service? 
What is the difference between a prototype and a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is your favorite startup creation methods?
My business partner and I are splitting our startup equity 60/40. I have put ~$15,000 into it and he put $0. What is a fair equity split? 
What's an MVP exactly (for a mobile app)?
What is the cheapest and best service option to host parse server?
How do successful entrepreneurs know which ideas have business potential?
I do not want an investor for my startup. Is this a negative sign later on?
What does it mean for equity to dilute proportionately?
How is the career in lean technology?
How do you make programmers work 60-80 hours per week?
What is the proper way to make cost model for a startup?
What are the best KPI's for a two-sided marketplace?
I have an idea, a passionate small team, and connection to the potential customers. Is there a step by step recipe that I can follow to create a successful startup?
Startups: What is the best advice for generating inbound interest in your startup?
What are the available Python certifications in India which are valid as per the companies?
Will Pedram Keyani ever think to work for an Indian startup?
After your idea and lean canvas is validated and you have first few paying customers within days, what framework could help execution? Thanks
How does equity within a private company work? (I am running a start-up, and planning to source for new funds to scale the business).
What would be the minimum viable product/service be for a start-up gym?
Where can I find Ios / Android developers online to hire?
How can I find an IIT tech co-founder for my startup?
Where does my product fit in the Bootstrap to VC spectrum?
Is there proof that the lean startup movement has truly increased the chances of a startup's success?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I have an online document processing project targeted to USA consumers. Should I create a company in USA knowing that I already have a company in EUR?
How do I apply the Lean startup method to a TV network?
For a hardware startup, building a prototype is more costly than for a software one. Is it common for angels to seed fund with only a very rough prototype? What tips can you give to keep things lean?
Is Japan a good place to start a start up?
How do I make a product simple and flexible?
What is the basic definition of start-up?
Which country i should relocate to?
Why do Steve Blank and Bob Dorf never give any credit to Eric Ries about the Lean startup methodology?
What is the best way to build a lean business plan?
How can I become MVP in salesforce?
I am a tech founder. Developed the whole product and got some beta users. How can I get funding for marketing my startup?
Will I screw my startup up by setting up the incorporation, vesting/shareholder and other legal documents by myself?
As of Jan 2016, has the bay area job market cooled off?
Are entrepreneurs overly focused on obtaining investment at the expense of product and customer development?
What are the various free video platforms that can be used to create content for video marketing of a new E-commerce startup (online store)?
Can anyone let me know the websites similar to www.yourstory.com, like specific to India?
How do I test out and look into the abilities and background of a friend I want to cofound a startup with?
I have a web developer/designer who will make my website full functional in 3 months. I am giving him some cash (too less) and 2% of the share of my startup. Is it a good deal?
What field should I focus on in my Q&A site?
Where can I find an advisor outside of Silicon Valley who has built and sold companies and is well-versed in Lean Startup methodology?
How do I learn a language to read technical material?
How do you make something unscalable scale, without adding proportionate man power?
Is there anything wrong with hiring failed entrepreneurs to join my startup?
What should I do? What is a better choice?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Would you like to intern with my startup (3-4 months) as an iOS developer in New Delhi?
I have a truly innovative business model, think Groupon before it was invented. How do I protect the idea and avoid copycats entering immediately?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
How can I discover who are my (future) customer?
How hard is it to create machine learning cloud computing enterprise software?
What does it mean to do a product launch these days, considering you can sell your MVP?
What are platforms outthere that let you invest small amount such as $100 in startup?
What are the most promising startups in SF under 50 employees that are funded by multiple top VCs?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
Who are the founders of Lean Startup?
How would you apply the lean startup methodology to a street stall business?
What is the next step up in technology from aggregator sites?
How does a bootstrap startup go about finding a good affordable general attorney?
Is there a habit of kidnapping or assassinating business competitors at the Fortune 500 level?
How crazy is it to voluntarily be "homeless" to pursue the "lean startup" ideal?
Are companies adjusting to a "nomad" style (especially lean startups) where through mobile tech they can run companies without offices?
What are the best arguments for and against the view that you don't need to talk to users in person - that online chat is enough?
What are the main challenges faced by Singaporean companies when practicing lean startup methodologies?
What is your biggest problem as an entrepreneur looking to build a mobile or web app and start a business?
What does x% mean when a startup offers stake? Is it x% of the company, or x% of the employee options?
Is the success rate of Indian tech startups higher than that of Silicon Valley?
How do I use lean startup to improve events?
How do I come up with a marketing plan for a mobile app which was launched a few months ago and already has a social presence?
Apart from the lean startup methodology, what are some other best practices for running a startup?
How do you calculate the profit or loss in a manufacturing plant?
I want to register an advertising firm. How should I register it? Should I go for an LLP or a company?
Is it ok to have 3 value propositions?
We just begin a startup, and we would like to have the best counselor or consultant we can get. What is the best way to get what we want?
How does 10x product usually built: from day one or incremental?
I'm moving my startup from Sweden to Santa Monica for good reasons. What should I think about?
Do I start a startup with no experience or work in order to gain experience?
What are unique or fascinating business experiments you conducted and what were the results?
Doubts in startup company registration , its address selection and mode of registration (offline/online)?
Is there any value to a company being part of software bundles?
How lean can you be as a SaaS startup yet still grow to >1m ARR?
Does an organization that applies lean processes require a lean accounting department?
Have you ever used a lean startup approach for healthcare projects?
Are there some consulting services small businesses/startups are willing to pay for?
I´m 17 and searching for a mentor. How can I find one?
I am an entrepreneur in the digital health industry. I am highly convinced about my idea, though I now feel I could have chosen a better team. What should I do?
Do lean practices actually work?
Do any international investors invest in startups and teams from Serbia?
What nowadays technology would you use if you have to build the MVP of dropbox?
How do I start a lean project?
Have you ever had an idea which you were discouraged from furthering, only to see someone else have success with something very similar?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
Is there any serious company allowing non US residents to run a Kickstarter campaign (getting donations and redistributing them to the campaign creator)?
What are some good books describing different types of organizational cultures?
How do we drive innovation across companies, communities and countries in a sustainable manner?
How do I talk to the customer in a right way for customer and product development?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How do you understand what the RAM, GB, process types, etc. for Heroku and mLab price means in terms of how much Parse Server usage/users that allows?
If your customers are hard to reach for customer interviews, they're hard to sell to, so drop them. Is this statement true or false?
What are the consequences of opening a franchise of an online service marketplace?
In which cases are angel investors a better choice for web startups than VCs?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
What are the challenges or benefits an Indian man is faced with if he makes a business partnership with an Indian woman for a startup?
How did Shopify/Wix overcome Yahoo! Store?
My co-founder does not believe in reading books like lean startup and the like. What should I do?
I'm running tech-service startup. Should I hire a tech guy who can't say "I don't know"? 
I see a lot of questions about starting a business without money. Would you be interested in an end-to-end course on how to do it? Yes or No? Thanks!
What kind of freelancers are hired to perform 5/5 star execution in lean startups?
What questions would you ask with a form in order to get insight into the users’ needs?
What business strongly related to cars can be run online?
Lean Startups: Where can I get legal advice about startup investment?
Is it okay if I release an MVP without ‘production-ready’ code, and then add to the code quality after releasing my product?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Is there a lean process for creating costume jewelry and fashion accessories?
MVP is ready but UX needs improvement. Should we wait and work on design or release now?
Can the 'Third Italy' model grow our SMEs too, and drive Modi's 'Make in India' initiative? How?
Is diversification the need for any business to grow?
Could Instacart work in a place where there is a grocery store within 300 meters?
Which software for managing projects based in lean startups do you know?
How can I incorporate in Delaware without spending money on a lawyer?
I have a dating startup idea, for which I've created landing page, tested with Google AdWords and found to have a $1 conversion rate (the best so far in the various test ideas I've run). Also I have engineers willing to work on it with me. Is that sufficient to ask for some seed capital, quit my job, and go full-time?
Is Google not creating Google assistant integration for Android 6 just because of selling point for pixel phones?
What are some ways to recover if you've failed to successfully use the lean startups method in your company? How can you get back on track to success?
How can I get traction for my startup MVP?
Is it true that most startups start in adversity? If yes, why is it so?
Andrew Ng: What do you think about future Machine Learning startups will be?
Silicon Valley Season 2: How often does negging VCs work, and how far does one actually want to take it?
Should I name my MVP something different to what my "real" web startup will be called?
What are the most important things to keep in mind while creating a landing page to get validation for a service?
How can I contact or meet billionaires to invest in a life extension company pertaining to stem cells?
How do I process lean in the framework of software development?
Do you know some stories regarding how startups have built the different building blocks of the lean canvas by using the lean approach?
How do we quickly create high-quality thought-leadership blog articles for our niche?
What is minimum star rating of any product /service you have ever seen? (Out of 5)
If you had access to KISSmetrics data, what feature would you build to make the platform more useful?
How can Instacart justify paying their full service shoppers so much?
How does NewsHunt get news from different news websites?
Should I spend time on building a payment process for an early stage startup product (prototype) or just encourage users to use the "Free Plan" to get their first feedbacks?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from prototype to the App Store?
Do I need to set up a business bank account to start a startup (ecommerce)?
What are the mentors "key tasks" when helping startups? What's the key benefits startups can get from mentors?
What does unfair advantage mean in business terms?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
How was your experience using the lean startup methodology?
What is the best way for a new organization to get a logo when it has little or no budget?
What do you tell people when you're called crazy for having chosen entrepreneurship over a standard career?
Why are we seeing massive funding rounds for early stage companies?
What does lean sourcing mean?
What service will allow me to have a private mobile (ios & Android) beta with more than 2000 testers?
What are the best stories of persistence?
Would deeply understanding motivations and motivators behind customers' decisions help you in business planning?
Teamwork.com (TeamworkPM) vs. Basecamp vs Wrike vs Asana vs Jiira. Which is the best project management tool? Which is the best for software development (large companies as well)?
What plan and strategy is used to lean level by a level lean programming language?
Where can I find a good list of local professional service categories?
What kind of business conditions should we set-up to handle a SCRUM-driven project?
What is a great way to test the memorability of a company name?
How can a bootstrapping startup legitimately pay for a good startup lawyer?
Which are great companies to work for in pre-sales if I am good at data science?
What do you think about this non-Clear investment process?
We want to start up a business venture in the UAE and expand internationally. We are lost. What can we do?
If our target market is Europe, can we still apply to TechStars?
What are the legal procedures required to start a startup and what it costs?
How do I get users for MyLikes alternative Bonusposts.com?
Is there a standard method in which a specific business model which is rapidly scalable can be attached or implemented to any startup company (mobile app, PC apps, web apps, games, tools, SaaS, IaaS, Paas, etc.)?
How do you seek validation from your prospective customers?
Has anyone personally used Lean Six Sigma as an overall Business Strategy Methodology?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
Why has Salesforce never turned profitable?
How much should one spend on an MVP?
Statistically speaking, what is the failure rate of a startup?
What is the best way to do customer development when you cannot speak directly to customers?
I have built a pre-launch page to generate curiosity. How do I get more people to sign up on my pre-launch page?
What are the best Facebook groups for learning about and discussing EU startups?
What are the top ten Indian startups with less than 30 employees in April 2015 that one should consider working with?
How did Airbnb avoid liability when they implemented their growth hack with craigslist?
I run a free game server company with over 100,000 users. I see users from America, Europe, India and Australia. How can I get in touch with potential advertisers to monetize my user base?
Is there anyway I can have a private beta for a location based app with thousands of users without putting it on the app stores?
I'm looking for a web developer/CTO for my tech startup in Singapore. Where can I find one?
Do you have trouble hiring developers?
What ways are there to evaluate the amount of development my startup will need to be realised?
What is the best way to mentally prepare to become an entrepreneur?
Is "Offering a low price" considered novel element when describing the advantages of a startup?
What are some interesting stories about startups in India?
What are some start-ups that have benefited from lean marketing?
I have a startup idea. Most people I have talked to say that it is good. I also have the money to invest. How do I gather courage to do it?
What would it cost to develop and design a website like backpackmoves.com?
How do you test your app design for the most popular iOS and Android phones?
Will lawyers keep my startup information confidential when talking to them as a prospective client?
Can a person alone code an app like Instagram?
How do pre-funded/pre-revenue founders spend their time?
I am planning to create an app. But where should I start? How do I know if my venture is going to work? Do I need to have a concrete plan to do the coding?
Which genius approaches have startups taken to acquire customers at a very cheap price?
I want to have a business of my own. How can I achieve this?
How do you build the perfect crowdfunding campaign team when you have no money?
How do you build an exceptional customer support for your early-stage software startup?
Why is there no innovation in consumer-facing mortgage lending?
I have emails of a few thousand college students, collected by a friend's failed startup. Can I use these emails for my startup?
Is it possible to implement a tech startup to a point where you can hire a CEO within 18 months much like Rocket Internet? If so, how?
How do I find interviewee (B2C) in Japan for problem interview (Lean Startup)?
What are some examples of internet companies that created a need rather than filling one?
What are some thoughts about renting goods daily?
I'm a very lean fashion startup. Should I not even bother spending any money on Facebook Ads and focus on Pinterest alone?
For my MVP, should I hire a full stack developer or front end and back end developers?
Are there recommendable third party accounting services that can provide interim support for a company with $2.25M in annual revenue? At what cost?
What makes a start-up successful?
I recently launched a fashion startup. How do I convince users to signup?
Are there any visual examples of metric tracking systems/dashboards that big companies have (Facebook and Twitter)?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
What is the time duration to learn  Java script?
What is the right mix of roles and positions for a web app development company of 10-15 people?
What are the difference between MVP and beta version?
Why do people get so nervous about signing up?
How do I get a smart Electrical/Electronic engineer for my very specific start-up idea?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
What are the best ways to test startup ideas and at what point does an idea become worth pursuing?
What are tools every soloprenuer should use?
Are there law firms where startups can apply and pay very low rates with the assumption that once you get VC the firm will be representing you?
Should I prepare the business model keeping VCs in mind or should it be self sustainable?
What all things should be asked in a typical customer interview be carried out during the initial startup stage of building the product?
How can an SEO freelancer work as a solo-entrepreneur if SEO has many aspects (on-page, off-page, produce content, etc.)? How many customers can they get before it collapses?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
Does the book "Startup Owner's Manual" include most learnings from the books "Four Steps to Epiphany" and "Lean Startup"?
Is it advised to have your software developed in India or not?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What should I do to write an e-commerce portal from scratch with 1k products on it?
What would be a suggested startup strategy for a lean digital agency?
What is Vodafone mini store (VMS) business model in India?
How did Uber get their first bookings when they launched?
Do I accept a job from IBM consulting or continue working on my own business?
What is a good gift for a teen who wants to found an internet startup?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I solicit feedback from retail mobile marketing executives on my idea?
When is an app supposed to find its product/market fit? Before its official release on the App Store or after it?
Mobile Application Design: What great extra feature would you add to a B2B network connected tablet app?
What certifications should a lean consultant get?
I'm the founder of a SaaS startup and my MVP was built by a (great) dev shop. Now I need to hire engineers. Should I hire 2 full-stack people or 1 back-end and 1 front-end person? Why?
What are some bulletproof ways of getting attention and users as a tech startup?
What are the best tools for startup formation you've found (e.g. sample CapTables, Term Sheets, calculating franchise taxes, etc.)?
Is lean startup the new business process in the IT industry?
Why don't we have entrepreneur meetups in Hyderabad more often?
Why should you be on KarmaCircles?
What could be a possible business model for a startup which focus on social cause like helping the poor and less-fortunates?
Who can be a better tech CoFounder of the two: the one who has 6 years of experience but will operate out of foreign country till serieA funding or the one who has 5 months of experience but lives nearby?
Do technical cofounders usually only focus on coding or also act as a partner in the startup, product and other decisions?
I have an idea for an app. What is the best way to get it made with little to no investment?
I'm 16 years old and want to join some small bootstrapped startup and work for free. Where can I find them?
What are some ways of applying lean startup principles to internal IT projects?
What would be an interesting topic for a MSc research paper on startups (preferably post product-market fit)?
Would you throw away a well paid offer just because the company or product has no potential?
How wise is it to give up my software developer job to start a one man startup?
Can I expect pre-orders for my app?
What are some important things about IMVU?
Startup Advice and Strategy: What is good and bad in building a startup with the minimum number of people?
What is the wittiest employee feedback that you have seen on Quora?
What are some new emerging markets right now in which business could be started with small investment?
Which are the top Incubators and Accelerators across every Industries and sectors worldwide?
Just launched my startup keepvisitors.com, which gets you visitors for your website for free. What do you think?
How do I increase paid signup?
Would a technical person hire a non-technical co-founder who is willing to work only for equity?
What are the best ways to generate B2B leads on a low budget?
Whare are the top 10 issues of SaaS CEO's?
Minimum Viable Product (MVP): Should I focus on my niche product or my B2B API?
Can I hire a CEO for my startup without losing my equity via vesting?
Does my startup's in-house developed platform need customer validation though it got developed through direct experience of its founders?
What are the pros and cons of the products and the teams of Booking and Airbnb?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
Amongst the three books - The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, Zero To One by Peter Thiel, and The $100 Startup by Chris Guillebeau - which one is the best, and why?
Is it best to outsource your MVP as non-tech founder, then hire on a CTO later, or find a tech-founder to develop MVP and then launch the startup?
How fast should a consumer website grow from launch to be interesting to investors?
Can any business be successful with an idea, money and manpower?
How does Rocket Internet build their products so fast?
What is lean?
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
Are you using a lean supply flow of material in your organization?
Is there any online community for entrepreneurs?
What are five lean principles identified by the CII?
Where I can get summer internship 2017 in Ahmedabad?
How should I prioritize my Minimum viable product in an online ticketing market where a leader is having 90% share?
If a startup can only be disruptive when it solves a pain point - what causes (or initiates) the pain point?
How can a startup that sells subscriptions be scaled?
What percentage of startup accelerator applicants have a working prototype or MVP by the time they apply?
Hinduism: Does Hinduism lean more toward polytheism or henotheism?
Is there any scope for a new social networking website startup in India if it has a different and new idea?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
Is this a move by the RBI to kill startups in India lobbied by corporations as they feel startups are becoming a threat to them?
How can you work 21 hours a day for a year straight, on your own lean startup, most efficiently (I'm 21)?
As a college student what can I do to kick off my start up?
What is lean discovery?
What is the single most helpful book on entrepreneurship you have ever read?
This is my first startup. What do you think about it?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What should an introductory email to an angel investor look like?
Is there a growth strategy that I can apply for my startup that allows small business owners to sell their businesses?
When you were gaining initial traction ($0-2M ARR), what did the day to day progress feel like, and in what timeframe did you get there?
If my website automatically posts the content recieved onto another website. Who is liable if the content is inappropriate?
How often do you do customer development interviews?
What advice would you offer to a first-time entrepreneur trying to launch a startup that offers an in-home cooking service?
Do I really need a female co-founder for my women's personal hygienic products startup?
How many users or revenue should have a startup to determine $5M pre-money valuation?
What are the names of long-term existing startups in the past year apart from e-commerce domains?
What's it like working at a VC firm?
How do I quit a job I just started?
Speaking from perspective of the book 'The Lean Startup', how did you validate the value and growth hypothesis of your business idea? (See details)
Where can I find a list of actions for lean management culture development in organizations?
Assuming my Kickstarter project gets funded, I have two options when it comes to getting my product out to backers. I can wait a month for ocean freight, or, for $7 more per piece, get air freight in 4 days. Should I eat the $7 or add it to my price ($90)?
How do investors earn the money they invested in startups/companies when they are in nascent stages?
My startup is a classified website. Should I moderate the posts (which include photos) made?
Is it ok to ask for funding after completing our MVP? Do we need to build traction first? When is the best stage to ask for funding?
How soon is it wise to employ a CEO for a tech startup?
I have an idea for an app, should I build a prototype first or how do I go about it?
I have access to the market leader's customers (legally). My product is very similar. How do I sell to these customers?
How can policy makers use the lean startup principles?
I need to negotiate equity with the developers I've brought on to join my startup (sweat equity). What's your preferred method of handling equity splits?
When vetting a business idea, how do you know if the idea is scalable or not?
How does user testing work when testing on groups of people, not individuals one-by-one?
What do I need to prepare for Error & Omission Insurance before negotiating with the insurance company?
What is the best way to do Police verification for individuals in Tamil nadu?
What are the best questions to ask a growth hacker for a tech startup during an interview?
How do you remunerate advisors for a startup that you're not going to sell?
What would you say is Level Money's "unfair advantage"?
Why did Eric Ries play up Zappo's founder Nick Swinmurn's vision in "The Lean Startup" but made no mention of Tony Hsieh?
What is the best way to start up a restaurant with minimum fundings?
How much can we charge for a software that is able to diagnose ovarian cancer from a transvaginal ultrasound?
I have an idea in the field of mobile advertising. I am a student with no idea or contact whatsoever with the sector. What do I do next? How do I proceed?
Do you need an idea (product or service) to use Lean Startup to create your company?
What do I write in a linkedin summary when I am switching careers and turning an entrepreneur?
What are some companies with revenue without valuation?
Smart People: How can I become a thought leader?
Is there a big downside to using .Co instead of .Com for a startup?
Is entrepreneurship advocacy overblown in India and Pakistan?
What Internet Technology start-ups can be formed in Health and Education sector of India?
What is hallway usability testing?
Are you worried about your website/API/app being hacked?
Does an app like myidealist.co make sense for ideators, start-ups & product lovers?
How can I keep track of all computer technology related conferences happening in India?
How do I convince SaaS customers with monthly plans to upgrade to annual plans?
What are examples of startups that use exclusivity as a major selling point?
Where can I find a high quality content writer for my early stage start-up?
What is the single most important metric of your start-up?
How would you continuously monitor an area of 70 square miles cheaply with a live video feed?
Is helping SMEs grow their business a good idea for a startup?
What's the best way to find a product/market fit for a B2B device/app?
Do I need to found the company before launching a prototype/MVP?
Is a lean startup concept useful for writing books and making movies?
What is the best way to sell startup in sport betting area?
How does it feel to see someone build a multi-billion-dollar business on the concept of your previously failed startup?
How do I overcome the fear of interviewing customers in customer development?
How have you applied the Lean Startup framework to your mobile app business?
Does food matter for achieving the sales target?
What is the best way to approach start-ups? Should a team build multiple MVPs and test markets, or focus on 1 MVP?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
As a med student, I still rely on my parent's money for living. What can I do to earn money to sustain myself?
What are steps you should take in creating a start-up website?
How do I make a good batch of lean?
What are the symptoms of a user-friendly startup?
What benefits will I get when my startup is incubated at a startup village?
Why do companies lose their productivity as they grow?
Now a days a lot of CS startups are on the media. But other than in the computer science field, few startups make it big and get in the media. Why?
What's a name for a job that combines account management and UX?
What is an optimal daily schedule to be a productive student and entrepreneur?
What ingredients do you need to make lean or something similar to lean using over-the-counter materials?
What are the best websites to publish an MVP?
What are the steps to reach the funding meeting with a funder? Currently we have only an unstructured idea with little/no background knowledge about how to proceed next
Do I need an MVP if another startup has one already in the same space and getting paying customers?
Would you complete surveys for free meals and deserts on restaurants?
Would you pay for a business tutor that could help you set up a self managing business, and create automatic revenue streams online?
I have 18 months to go from Idea to $10 million revenue . How do I plan this?
Will I be able to get funding for my startup being a solo founder?
What are some startups that had good product/market fit and good founders and surprisingly failed? Why?
What is prockss?
How did Jaedon Whyte learn math?
Can you build a business without solving a problem?
Is a product-based app development company considered a startup?
How much does it cost to run an online business\platform in India? What are the major hurdles and challenges one can face?
Should my company have a board of directors?
What are the most common regrets that venture capitalists have?
Can you decrease a cofounders equity percentage if they go part time if you have a vesting schedule setup?
How can I do lean user research?
Can we call wireframes/mockups a minimum viable product?
An MVP is supposed to have a few important features. Does it also need to be only on one platform or for launching you can have an MVP for web and mobile? What does the lean methodology advise?
How do I convince a business owner that I can increase their revenue? What elements and factors must I touch on in this conversation with the person?
What is the cheapest way to setup a product validation page?
What kind of team do I need for a lean startup with a hardware product?
What is the best first product for a small team?
I had a developer for my promising app concept who developed half of my prototype (sweat equity) before we ran into a conflict of interest and I decided it's detrimental for me to continue with him. Should I just take my concept to an incubator?
Why should electrical engineering people learn the art of progamming?
What's the hardest part about interpreting your startups customer interviews?
How far of my company goals (3 years, 7 years) should I add in my pitch deck for angel investors since I am pre-product and pre-revenue?
How can I start any IT related business with just 2000 euros?
Which tech giants have actually used concepts of design thinking?
What is the cheapest way to test a value proposition (on a landing page) with targeted traffic?
I can choose 3 books. Which one of these books should I buy (details inside)?
When hiring your first product designer, is someone with excellent visual design or deep customer research more valuable?
Lost confidence in my startup idea after working on the same for about 2 months? Don’t know what to do now?
40 of our 200 registered users visits our app daily and after 1 month we have 65% retention rate. This is our MVP. Do we have product market fit?
Is it still a smart investment to start a lifestyle business?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
Which are the most active online communities, chat rooms where you would pitch a fintech startup?
For a consumer web startup, is it possible to achieve product market fit but not be growing exponentially (in terms of user growth)?
Is it wise to startup in other country if the market you want is occupied in your country?
How do I start getting art commissions?
What is it really like to build an internet company?
What are some lean manufacturing principles that can be used to reduce inventory levels?
What are innovative campaigns that do not rely on significant spend on advertising on TV or search to attract users and build loyalty?
What was the one thing you wish you knew before starting a company?
What do designers do in startups to make them have enough work for a full time role?
What are the best tools to create an MVP (minimally viable product) demo video?
How does a startup determine when it has achieved product market fit?
How can we give a percentage for only a marketing job?
I am meeting telcos and banks to partner on an idea. How do I protect it without asking the attendants to sign a no-disclosure?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
From people who've been there, is launching a start-up the most intellectually rigorous thing you've done?
What are some 'safe' businesses to start?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
How do I contact journalists and other media persons about our startup?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking interns in a startup?
When is the right time to work on an explainer video for my startup to show for potential customers/ investors (now in customer discovery stage)?
I have my web startup prototype built (just a MVP). I have $100k (my own) in funding. What will be the next step to take using this money to move forward with the product?
What are the best books about developing and executing a product vision?
What’s the best way for me to get customers for a user testing service?
How should hardware startups in Medical Electronics field apply lean startup principles?
What are key retail technology companies that received funding over 2012-2016?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
How can I build my product in collaboration with giants like Google, Microsoft etc?
What are some lesser known things for start-up entrepreneurs?
What does the lean startup methodology add to someone who already knows agile methodology?
What is the guidance for creating user documentation in the era of agile software development and DevOps?
Is it worth it to create a direct competitor for Betalist & Product Hunt?
How much money and work do you think it would take to create a nonprofit Uber competitor that gave 95% of all the income to the drivers?
Are there any successful websites/apps to make new platonic friends to do activities? Not a dating website.
Is there a need for a rental website for properties outside big cities in US?
Which are some of the Bengaluru based electrical engineering start-ups?
How do I sale my startup listing site?
What are your thoughts on using MTurk to do customer interviews? Pros and cons?
Will on-demand beauty and wellness services work in India?
Is it possible to work 3 full time jobs and do a startup?
What would a perfect and ideal start-up business model look like?
So I am going to have a phone conversation with an investor this weekend. He has already seen my business plan. What should I be expecting?
Are there any examples of very successful information based companies?
What is a range in cash and stock to be compensated for customer development for a unfunded startup?
What can I do so that my start-up does not get acquired even after achieving success?
What are the requirements for an IT startup?
As an online booking platform can I launch my App as an iFrame of my responsive design? What are your experiences how customer react?
Can an IT startup be fully developed by a software house?
As a startup trying to maintain growth, what are some of the fears or frustrations that you face?
What do you know the most innovative company in terms of customer development (like ZipCar)?
How critical is writing skill to an entrepreneur or startup founder's success?
What are the best coworking spaces in Los Angeles?
Do I need to be an expert in the field in which I am launching a startup?
What if in an startup company interview I say "I want to be an entrepreneur" as a long term goal?
Will Google's AMP impact the SEO strategies? How effective would it be to implement AMP?
At which point should one start monetising a mobile app (marketplace) that is in growth mode?
What should I do if my co-founder wants to focus on their career?
Do I continue with my app even though there is something similar by an established company?
Which lean metrics should a startup that provides classroom style training (B2B and B2C) use to validate its teaching?
Is it better to start with a minimum viable product or to tease it with a video that shows how the final product works, and wait for the money to build it?
Should I only focus on learning HTML, CSS, & JS to create an MVP?
What are the top 10 challenges small business owners face daily?
How do I practice the lean startup principle?
Who are some prominent tech entrepreneurs who failed massively at first but pivoted into great success later on?
Which product planning/agile/bug tracking platform do most people "upgrade" to when they outgrow Trello?
How do I to turn customer development prospects into customers?
Should I give 70% of my startup’s equity at idea stage for $40k and a tested business model?
If my partner and I are on salaries and I own 25% of our company but I want to buy another 25%, what is best way to structure the buy in with sweat equity?
How does a startup go lean on a B2B product if the business will reject the product at the fist sign of an incomplete product?
Are investors ok being approached by founders who have a day job & haven't yet registered their startup as a biz, but have a prototype & a biz plan?
How does the concept of product market fit apply to non-utility services?
How can I generate leads for digital marketing company?
Does Clerky also setup a shareholders agreement and equity split for you among other things?
Why is lean manufacturing called lean?
Apart from the established seed and angel founders, how can I raise seed funding?
I have an MVP in beta with 20 paying users. I would like to offer the paid consultant who helped build the MVP a role in the company as co-founder and COO. The MVP is based on my proprietary content that was developed over five years. How much equity should I offer?
What does the phrase "metrics are people too" mean?
Which Steve from Silicon Valley influenced the tech startup world more, Steve Blank or Steve Jobs?
How should I learn basic economics needed for entrepreneurship?
What are the main goals of startup?
Larry Page, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates and many more: Why did they start in the US? Would they be as successful had they been born elsewhere?
Joe Lonsdale: What is your view on Lean Startup methodology and What is the pinch of salt advice from lean methodology?
We have a product that is 95% ready but slow and buggy. It uses a lesser-known full-stack framework and our own text editor. My co-founder suggests that we should rebuild it using an open-source text editor and React. This will delay the launch but speed up further development. Should we rebuild it?
What are a few good methods of working out and reverse engineering a SaaS competitor's customer acquisition strategy?
Do you have a company with a scalable business model you would like to expand to Argentina, Chile, Panama, the Netherlands and/or the United Arab Emirates (Dubai)?
With the advent of mobile technology and apps such as uber, will mobile apps take over and become the way forward?
I have an idea. It can work anywhere in the world and I do not want to launch it in my country. I want to launch it in a European country. How can I do that? What will be the most effective steps for achieving this?
Who can I lean on if I don't have a family?
I'm a startup founder and don’t have a startup advisor, am I shooting myself in the foot?
What are the must read books for tech start-up finance, and human resource's? All of the video's, ted talks, e-books, any material of ayn kind is highly appreciated
What is a good team culture to develop for a newly seed funded startup?
In my startup, I am planning to hire a CS engineer however, I don't have knowledge about Androids, iOS or web development. How can I become sure about his skills? What can be a method to test him?
How much should a software startup budget for legal expenses when soliciting VC or angel investment (i.e. corporate documentation, patent processing, patent troll litigation, etc.)?
Are we seeing commissioned salespeople disappear from emerging technology companies?
What are the training or startup options in Chandigarh?
What are the most low-value activities one must avoid during the initial phase of LEAN IT start-ups?
Why does everyone talk about the lean startup but do absolutely nothing lean?
What is the difference between The Lean startup method and normal marketing research?
We want to build a unique unicorn generation platform. Is it possible?
What would it take for you to leave your job and co-found a start-up?
Entrepreneurs, any suggestions for freelance developers or agencies you have had success with?
What is venture debt and how does it compare to a regular startup debt? Do the debt holders get interest on the debt in addition to equity or just the interest? If so, what is the typical interest rate and loan term?
What should startups look for when seeking data center space?
What is the best way to get in touch with Indian VCs and angels for seed funding?
Let's say I have a product that's equally B2B and B2C. Features and service should be similar in both cases. Is there any reason to price the two differently?
How do I overcome the sadness that all my startups are for 100s of people not millions or billions?
Based on your experience, What is/are the best practice/s to apply Lean during design phase in construction industry?
The lean startup asks if consumers recognise if they have a problem. Doesn’t this go against the idea of Disruption?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
I've just launched a new website to swap activities called Activityswap.com, what are your thoughts?
In this talk, what did Brad Fitzpatrick mean when he said that if he started a future company "it would all be in Go"?
How does lean startup work for industrial products? What are key differences to consumer products?
Which business or area can get a boost due to demonetization of Rs 500/1000 notes in India?
Just launched my first startup boxeal.com, what do you think?
I have an app-based business idea and I do not have the technical skill to build the app. How can I find a person/company to develop the app? How can I make sure that the idea is not stolen by the developer? What terms should be set before discussing the idea or through the period of development?
What type of business startups can I start for $20,000 (part-time)?
What are the largest paid membership sites in terms of users?
Are there any books or online resources on funding, valuations, and equity?
If you're just starting a social network website, should you incorporate?
If you wanted to find new moms to make customer development calls to, where would you find them?
How do I increase website revenue growth at a faster rate?
What are cheap ways to complete a trademark registration?
Why has Nearbuy deferred new joining & put on bench so many people? Are they on the verge of closing down?
What are the best practices for building a *sustainable* Unicorn?
What is the best way to get first financing for a big startup?
Can an SaaS business be established with a low budget or self funding?
How should I go about growth hacking an arts and crafts website?
How do I turn my study group on Facebook with 54011 members into successful iOS social application?
What are the best processes or tools for testing startup hypotheses?
Why should I not hire a technical team?
Why is that 99 percent of the startups in India end up not being successful, while the remaining 1% become huge or get acquired by giant players in that sector in exchange for an awesome offer?
Do you mention that your item/service is still at MVP stage?
What are all the things to consider in a startup before approaching an investor?
Is it common for early-stage SaaS startup revenue to plateau around $2-3m ARR? Any milestones or stages that may contribute to this?
In an app led business (ie Uber) what are the key cashflow considerations for the app itself (ie. hosting)?
What are the company details of Planscoop.it? What is the difference between this community and Ask Jelly? Can it disrupt Google?
I'm a non-dev starting an app that helps people connect to each other, similar to a dating app. Do I need to be full-time when my app launches?
Is it better to raise a Series A just before an initial product launch or immediately after?
How can one expand its client/customer base in a profession where you can not advertise?
What do general labor startups need for a minimum viable product, or to get early-stage leads?
What is the best way to design a pricing strategy for a SaaS?
How do I acquire customers (tiffins) for my homemade meals?
In this big competition era of e-commerce, can I start an e-Commerce website?
What are some pain points of local people?
How do I deal with this situation when you launch a MVP to see how it responds to the user and then the user suddenly increases to ultimately degrade the performance of the website?
How do startups gain traction with no MVP?
What are some rental business opportunities?
If you would be employed by a wearables and IoT corporation with unlimited funds and support, what wearable or IoT device would you design, develop and market? Also, why?
Is restricting geographic entry the only way to release an app city by city that is already on the app store?
What are some of the MVPs of companies that went on to become very successful?
What should the commission structure be for the first sales hire at seed stage VC SAAS Startup?
What preparations should I make if I might have to replace my passionate CTO who joined early when I find someone who suits that position better?
What is Lean accounting?
How does the paperwork for equity work?
Why is there so much confusion about Twitter?
What does a document or presentation describing product market fit look like?
I have a multimillion dollar app idea. What do I do now?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
What is the best way to learn basics of Business within a weekend?
What famous companies are LLCs?
How do I improve the strategy for marketing if I don't have money?
When interviewing as an SDR or AE for a B2B SaaS startup, what are some key questions I can ask the company to determine 1) their product/market fit 2) market opportunity 3) my earning potential?
Do I really need a partner to launch a startup business ?
Do any law firms have a main startup corporate law office in DC?
I am in the process of a startup and plan to hire a CEO as soon as possible. How will this affect my equity?
In lean startup methodologies, when they say 'iterate fast', what is considered fast in the different stages? How fast do we want the answers for the hypotheses?
Is there a landing page template or service that has a field to ask potential customers for their city besides their email?
In a startup, what do you do when you have a lot of things to do, but you don't do it because it is too much?
What is the best UAT (User Acceptance Testing) software for lean startup project teams?
How do you take a leap with your startup and not let the fear of choosing wrong keep you spinning in place and not moving forward?
How can I make money from the fuel scarcity in my country currently?
How do I answer the investor when asked "okay, what do you need? How can I help you?"?
Who wants to learn Chinese? I want to learn English.
What checklist and system did you follow to build a successful business?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What business opportunities exist in the Netherlands?
How much information should I give on social media about the U/I (user/interface) of the app that I am going to launch?
How do you get over a burn-out in an early stage start-up?
What costly assumptions should an e-commerce startup watch out for?
What lingo in startup culture do you feel is overused today and what should replace it?
What are the best resources for entrepreneurs seeking project-based labor on a shoestring budget?
How did you get the confidence to open a tech company?
How does a 42-year-old freelance software developer with a family (2 kids), six-figure income, and a large mortgage go about developing a successful start-up?
What are the best platforms to recruit tech and product guys?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
LeanLaunchLab.com is shutting down. What's a good alternative to track Lean Startup process?
Is this enough traction for a lean startup to attract seed investors?
What are some inspiring stories about how startup founders made their first sale or profit?
What is lean construction?
How do I apply the "get out of the building" advise?
As a startup, should you post 3rd party reviews and articles written about you on your own social media channels?
What are some of the world's biggest travel businesses?
How should I convince a client to buy Hana and Mobility services from our company and implement it?
What countries or cities have a great startup environment (other than San Francisco and Israel)?
What are the biggest product-related reasons why a startup fails?
What is the best way to validate a new social network for sports?
How do startups prevent established companies from stealing their ideas (if their product/service is non-patentable)?
What are the best free resources for someone to learn Finance and Accounting to start and support their Startup in its initial stages?
I want to build a web service but I need an API, Can I build a platform incorporating another company API? Or is it best to build my own?
Can someone give me some tips to make lean canvas for my startup?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
Startups: What is the most cost effective way to generate PR for your startup?
How can a co-founder get more shares in his startup and become CEO?
When building a startup and keeping IPO as exit in mind, what are the things you should be careful about in the early stage?
How should I conduct my problem / solution fit interview if my startup focus on providing wedding related products to couples?
What is the best way to come up with an Eric Ries/lean startup-style proof of concept?
How do I use Lean Startup or Lean techniques to produce music? How can a music producer use Lean to become more effective at writing popular or experimental music that people want to buy?
Why is it so hard to use Google Analytics?
Would you order a product online to pick it up within an hour at your nearest store?
Who invented lean startup?
How would have the founders of Quora validated its the business model in the lean start up way?
How should a B2B publisher reinvent himself?
What's the best start up incubator in Singapore?
Startups in India: Is it necessary to get a startup incorporated before approaching investors?
When is your MVP "good enough" to get in front of potential customers?
What's the market size for speech-to-text technology?
When starting a social network, what kind of things should my company buy first?
What does the research on Entrepreneurial DNA seem to point to?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
Is there any place you can sell or get awarded for your startup ideas?
How do we know when a particular industry is ready to be transformed into an e-commerce industry. How do we know the market is ready?
How can I find a business plan sample for a service similar to Angie's List?
What startups deal with internet privacy?
How many sign ups per page views should an app landing page (consumer app pre launch) hope to get?
What is the difference between the Huge and the Lean Beast?
Should I purchase leads or spend the money on online advertising and content development?
How are lean production and the just in time model beneficial for startups? How do they relate to managing high liquidity?
How do I create scenario for usability testing if to accomplish the task, user will have to provide his personal details?
What are the advantages of establishing a Minimum Desirable Product criteria instead of Minimum Viable Product?
Why does a company need a product manager if it has an UX team?
In one sentence: How to become a successful entrepreneur, founder, startup CEO?
How is Lean different to Six Sigma?
How do I launch my startup outside India?
Can you be sued for unfair, deceptive, untrue or misleading advertising when performing a lean market experiment?
I'd like to reach out to users of thehunt.com. Their site doesn't allow for messaging. Does anyone have any ideas on how I might do that?
How does Parkopedia.com make money?
What is the best way to promote/advertise your mobile app before launching or opening?
How optimistic are you about the South Asian startup ecosystem?
What does Jason M. Lemkin want everyone to know when starting a SaaS company?
My ideas are not going into execution. I am afraid of so many things. Should I be afraid of these things or not?
What are top 3 most annoying concerns of a tech founder/entrepreneur at each development stage of his startup?
Which startups have the best shot at competing with SpaceX?
What advice would you give someone going to Silicon Valley for 2 weeks to get an internship at a startup?
How might the lean startup process be applied to restaurants?
What is the best way to approach clients with broken websites to offer your web design services?
Can I start matrimonial business with an MVP?
What will be the outcome of using lean manufacturing?
UK Business: I'm 22 and have an idea for a range of technology products I want to manufacture and set up a company around. Where can I start?
Is it better to build a product at first or create a product after creating a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is the name given to the tendency of startup founders to believe they know what the market wants?
What would be the average/recommended time for a quick MVP experiment?
How hard and feasible is it to go from 10 to 100 SaaS customers for ACV 10K?
What are the types of startups a mechanical engineer can start?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
How many MAU would be striking of a disruptive chat platform to be noticed by a VC for A series deal?
What are some ideal growth targets for startups?
What are the most significant blogs and podcasts about agile and lean start-ups?
What are some alternative titles to CEO in a startup project?
With off-the-shelf tools, how would you build a tiny Wordpress web app?
What are some simple yet unknown innovations in the Indian online start-up space which most people don't know about?
Are there any startups that are the global equivalent of RedBus.in?
What's your take on the new eRetail company, flontshop.com?
Should I replicate a working business model from the US, etc. in a foreign country instead of trying hard to  find product market fit?
I have successful startup but I don't know how to find investment, or consultant to solve current problems
Why are some MNC public relations agencies putting 15 people on a client account where 3 will do?
What are the things startups have to get right?
What are some of the tools that you used very early on in your startup that you still use today?
What's the difference between MVP and lean start up?
Why do startups need to begin with a Minimum Viable Product?
What is the lean startup definition of a successful startup?
Which location is the best to base your startup: Greater Boston Area, NYC or Silicon Valley?
Would entrepreneurs be interested in learning how to design and implement back-end systems to scale their startup?
which books do you suggest for startup?
How does one get acquired?
What does it mean for a software company/startup to be able to iterate quickly?
How do I find and acquire IT outsourcing clients for my startup software development firm?
How do I track retention rate for restaurants?
In early 2016, what does a typical benefits package look like for post-Series A startups in the Bay Area?
What are some good step by step guides to building an MVP?
Is it a bad idea to launch a startup in a market that is shrinking?
Where can I find lean startup MVP sources for my unique social media idea?
What are good countries to start a business in Africa?
I want to know about the concepts of six sigma, lean and other advances across various industries. Can anyone suggest a site or a book for this?
I have an app idea for the video game industry. How do I build a MVP and test the market for demand?
Has someone ever tried to make a landing page that adapts to the adwords campain that leads to it?
What is the most awesome and innovative startup you've ever heard of?
What are the 12 major lean tools?
How long did it take to build your web based startup MVP?
How do I test an eCommerce product idea?
How do you start your own business since you still have no specific ideas about what business you are going to start?
What is better to own 100% of a small company or 10% of a big company?
How much time does Betapage.co take to publish the startup listing after submission?
What is better for the startup: Launching fast but unstable and badly designed app or taking time and launching a beautiful and stable app?
Who makes more money, a bootstrapped entrepreneur or an entrepreneur who raises a lot of VC money?
What strategy should we adopt to market our newly launched eCommerce website flontshop.com?
What are the principles of lean manufacturing?
I'm creating the next Facebook and I've received funding. What steps should I take?
How do you determine MVP?
Is it possible to start a tech company without wanting to actually run it? How does one structure something like that? Would raising funding be difficult?
As a (lean) startup mentor, what is your primary motivation for helping someone avoid spending ~6 months and 100k building the "wrong" thing?
I read daily lifehacker.com and askmen.com, what are the best blog or podcast for entrepreneurs and starting small businesses?
Why should a startup carry out its processes based on the lean manufacturing concept?
I have developed too many business plans from different ideas, but everyone is so potential and appealing that I don't know which one to focus on first. What should I do to make a choice?
What is generally a good conversion rate from industry events to various channels?
I am starting a tech startup and I have a choice of two co-founders/CTO. Which one do I choose?
What's the best revenue model if I want to organise weekly entrepreneurial events?
I'm a software engineer with an app (alpha build) and no desire to learn business management. How do I get investors/partners? Where do I start?
Is Jelly to first company to reverse pivot back to their original startup idea and then become acquired?
How should an aspiring entrepreneur and web developer spend a $50 Amazon gift card?
When Chamath Palihapitiya talks about the upcoming $5 trillion in reallocation of wealth/spending, what is he referring to?
What can I do in Marketing while the products are not ready for massive usage?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are the principles of lean enterprise?
What are the best ways for B2B Lead Generation?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
Can investors ask for my software design documents, before investing?
Could you kill a startup by raising too much funding?
How would you approach launching an online counseling service for software, application, and online tool recommendations?
We're trying to cut down on transaction costs that are due to our payment gateway. We can't afford to pay the margins that Braintree and other alternatives are offering. Is there any alternative?
What are the advantages of Asana over Producteev?
Does lean manufacturing work or fail?
Are Oyobaby & OyoRooms the same company?
What is a list of startups that practice "lean startup" practices?
What do you think billionaires/innovators of tomorrow are or should be studying?
How do you create a landing page to validate an idea without Google suspending your AdWords account?
Feeling slightly depressed about a competing company, can I still overtake them?
Which email clients do startups use for business mails (not email marketing)?
What are some drawbacks of lean startup model?
How easy is it to register a trademark?
How can we improve a SaaS discovery platform's AngelList page?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from demonstration-purpose prototype to final product?
When is it time to start asking manufacturers for material doantions (office supplies, software, vehicles) for your startup?
Is it legal to not pay an employee for his totally unproductive days even if he was present?
How do you define the roadmap for your product? What methods do you use to track progress, and identify red flags and milestones?
What are the signs of a toxic founder?
Do I owe an accelerator that refuses to match my investment out?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What should a teen do, to prepare for entrepreneurship?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
What's your motivation to bootstrap your startup?
In your opinion, what are the most promising technologies in the oil and gas sector?
Can anyone help understanding the lean startup concept?
Do Microsoft notifies about MVP Nomination rejection?
Do you know any examples of companies using a Lean approach?
What should be my answer if VC , Investor or Angel investor asks why did your first Startup failed?
How do you sustain app download numbers and earnings after being featured by Apple?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
What are the pros and cons of having your spouse as co-founder?
What are the lean ideas who saves cost?
What causes an app to feel “clunky”?
What are the challenges faced by a startup aimed at the concept of bike sharing with the Uber model?
What are some new markets that have just emerged due some new inventions or scientific breakthroughs?
Is it optimal to open a physical nightclub following lean start-up methodology?
What are the best ways to ask an entrepreneur/investor for feedback on my startup idea?
Should a marketing blog or strategy form part of my MVP?
Is it difficult to find a tech co-founder?
What examples of the greatest communities built around software products do you know?
We made our first few sales--now what?
Are we allowed to split equity in a Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) structure?
What are the major computing costs that a mobile applications startup incur once they are done with a minimum viable product or running prototype?
Is Mailcloud's beta process a new best practice?
What should I do next to further build my startup?
How can I estimate the gold nanoparticles consumption rate or market size in Brazil?
What is your experience of living together with your cofounder, excluding cases where you are life partners?
Startups: How do I expand my startup into another country/city? 
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
Who were the seed and early investors in eToro?
Young Entrepreneurs: What is the best way to teach entrepreneurship in schools?
What are the keys to a successful business? What makes Google what it is today while thousands of other businesses have minimal growth or fail on the spot?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
What is the seed round used for?
Why should you read THE LEAN STARTUP by Eric Ries?
According to VCs, angels and other investors, is it frowned upon to "live large" and raise funding for your own startup company?
If you're planing to start an online business in a developing country in Asia, which model would you clone (excluded Amazon, Groupon, Uber, Delivery Hero & Yelp)?
What's the best shipping frequency for an MVP?
I have no real skills but I have ~$200,000 and want to start a business. What should I do?
Is YCombinator shooting itself in the foot? Paul Graham, gives general advice to everyone on his blog. So do all the other YC partners. 
How do I calculate the real cost of creating MVP in a startup?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Why do users use the marketplace for services rather than the yellow pages, or other directory listing web sites?
Which people should I hire to build and manage a SaaS website?
Is the Lean Startup Conference Week worth it?
What are great gifts for young entrepreneurs?
Are startup teams always the same (sales hustler + hacker)?
The startup that I was helping told me they don't need me anymore, without any compensation! What can I do?
If you give 0.5% equity for an early employee, and if you make it to an exit, after several rounds of dilution, will the early employee have any significant % in the company? Or will his 0.5% will be diluted to too low?
What are some example MVPs for a subscription service or ways to validate the product?
Can a single nontechnical founder launch a MVP through an alpha and beta without a developer onboard?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
What was Xero's initial growth model, including an analysis of how and why it worked?
When is the right time for a web-startup to hire for each role along its growth?
What is the worst thing that can happen to an early stage startup employee?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Where can I find startups or small business that need help with their web or app design/development?
What is the optimal allocation of time and resources in startups, how does it evolve between early-days and the point where it's ready to scale?
How can one benefit from being an intern in a startup before one starts his/her own startup?
How do you make pink lean?
Is it a good idea to start a very ambitious startup as a young first time entrepreneur, or is it  better to start with a startup addressing a smaller problem?
Where can I get a pro-bono co-founder agreement created?
What good smaller law firms and boutique shops in the US do deferred payments for startups?
Where can a young entrepreneur live cheaply in London?
Entrepreneurship: We have reached 1.5M monthly users with our startup and will reach 2M by the end of this month. How difficult could it be to close our round A?
Have any subscription product offerings started out selling one product and expanded their product line to become an ecommerce store in that vertical?
Would you invest in a bootstrapping startup that reached $50k MRR in three months with negative cash flow?
What are some innovative ideas for non-diluting financing for a tech startup?
What do you need to approach investors to ask for seed capital for a startup (business plan, power point, financial model, etc), and how detailed should those documents be?
What do you think is the future of startup culture in India? Is India more suitable for lean marketing startups or social innovation startups?
How should we go about building our MVP for a video community/ecommerce startup?
What are the main problems a tech startup is dealing with most, during each startup stage?
Are programming bootcamps like Hack Reactor, DigitalCrafts, and Dev Bootcamp also for start-up founders?
Does H Wayne Hayes Jr an entrepreneur from Miami, FL deal in real estate too?
When starting a C corp, what must I do so I don't get into any legal trouble?
After Ola and Gaana.com, Zomato also got hacked. Are Indian startups even concerned about their user's data?
How do you integrate Facebook Conversion Tracking with LaunchRock signups?
Are you looking for bulk email database for your startup in India?
Where do internet startup companies need to host their websites in the initial phase, and how much does that cost?
Can business trips and conferences be considered for startup equity?
Uber Raises $1.2B at $40B Valuation (December 2014): What impact does Uber's latest funding round have on its IRR?
What should I do to get internship in startup?
What are the best ways to quickly test a startup?
What are your favorite tools and/or services to help you launch, power, or create new products or companies?
What is the cheapest website to use for designing and printing my own T-shirts?
What is the best book about marketing for my mobile app?
What is the best option for someone who wants to be a CEO at some point of a tech firm, out of a business analyst or a scrum master?
How do I find an outsourced CEO for my startup?
Which successful software companies started with outsourcing their product development?
Startups: What does it mean to "fail better"?
I have a MVP for financial advisers ready for launch. Do I test it in a small group for 3 months or release it online now? Idea is to seek funds. Thnx
What are the ways to validate a sharing WiFi ecosystem idea?
How can one empower the startup?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Which is the best startup book?
Do any non-linear dynamic (chaos theory) equations describe user growth in startups?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of the US-based pitch competitions?
How can a startup that has to be in compliance with HIPAA pilot a software program without spending on all the legal fees to test a theory?
I have a novel app idea. What should I do to start a company? I have no software background. Should I get funded first, learn by myself or hire people
Can a startup that creates a physical product ever be scalable?
Our startup has commercialized a BSD licensed project, is there anything wrong with doing this, even if the project maintainer hates our idea?
What are some startup costs that you didn't anticipate?
In an alternate, parallel universe where every startup gets $10 million of automatic funding initially, would the failure/success of startups be different?
Are Australian incubators Pollenizer and Blue Chilli giving a fair deal to new startup founders & do the same deals exist outside of Australia?
How do I start a new business with no experience?
How do I sell my app or website startup idea?
Is it better, more efficient or easier to sell services over products in a groundup lean startup launch? Why or why not? How is cashflow different?
What are the best examples of Christmas cards sent out by a startup to its clients?
My startup is sending me on a guilt trip because of the team that I have recruited. What should I do? See details
How did Quora receive its first round of funding?
What lessons have been taken away from the 'dot com crash'?
Should I tell my boss that I don't feel I will meet a deadline and that we should take the time to build things properly?
Does Elon Musk practice "lean startup" practices?
How much can you trust a non coded MVP? Can you get a real sense of market acceptance of your app idea only based on drawings, landing pages and just talking to people? Don't functionalities and design count?
For an MVP stage do I need all features listed below?
What is the best example of establishing a successful and self-propelling culture of execution in your company?
How do you validate a start up idea for an IT / professional service? How would you create an MVP if it's a service?
What are some good resources for learning about startup analytics?
Why do so many tech companies raise money if you don't need a lot of money to start a tech company?
Why are assumptions in Lean UX written in the form of "we believe ... to be true" and not in the form of "we do not know if ..."?
What is an all-encompassing company name for 2 personal growth businesses - one in health and one in business?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
What are some of the ground rules for starting a solar installation company?
How are experienced (10+ years) developers typically compensated in an early stage startup?
How should I account for C-Corp startup legal costs paid from personal account?
I have founded a startup for the money because I need the money but with progress I find I am not in love with it. What do I do?
What habits are most effective for adapting the lean startup methodology and mindset?
Our startup is a digital platform that's raised roughly 70K. Coding has been outsourced to date, but we believe it's best to bring on a qualified CTO that can also handle the front end load. What's an appropriate compensation both monetarily and equity-wise?
Which are the best examples of Minimum viable product (MVP)?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
If I have a private alpha test launch of my mobile app is there no need to have a private beta?
Does Entrepreneur H Wayne Hayes Jr from Miami have it in him to become the next big shot like Donald Trump or Michael Bloomberg?
How do you build a business Mastermind? What websites exist to help make them?
How can I learn Android in 15 days?
How important is a recommendation to a VC or Angel?
Being a good programmer and a visual thinker how could you help startups with MVP or MLP development?
If my company can get supplies at very low price if bought in huge quantities, who is the one that loses in the operation?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Why is "Lean On" song so overated?
What is lean startup methodology? How is it useful for a startup?
What is the best minimum viable product software?
I'd like to run customer interviews with women between 16 and 30 regarding fashion (for my startup). What's the best way to go about doing this?
How can Technical Product Managers build & launch a successful startup?
Is Travis Kalanick arrogant?
What are strategies cities struggling with an overabundance of weekend-long hackathons (i.e. Startup Weekends, etc.) can use for increased collaboration and more controlled resource (i.e. sponsors, participants, etc.) sharing?
Is it possible for a startup in early stage to hire a CEO without losing a large amount of equity?
Startups: Where can I learn about startup sales online other than blogs?
What are some good arbitrage opportunities?
How can I start an LED business?
How does Carmudi.com by Rocket Internet make money when the entire service is free?
What project can I undertake on 30 acres of open land near the main airport in Nairobi that can be funded using rewards-based crowdfunding?
What would be the outcome of a proposal to a popular classified website that is for every ad that we recieve as a startup we would post to them?
What is the Minimum Viable Offer?
I am considering moving from Jira to ScrumDo. What are some recommendations?
What is the best way to execute a daily poem/quote-based startup?
What do you think about the name of the information based web start-up "Claimfo"?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
Has anyone personally experienced building a billion/million dollar company by strictly following the Lean Startup method? Do you have any advice?
Should I take a risk at the beginning of my career?
How much interviews do you need to validate a problem?
I just read Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Lean Startups. If Thiel was wrong about lean startups, how is it that startups or disruptive innovations exist that are successful yet did not follow the LSM? (e.g. iPhone, SpaceX/Tesla, Uber)
What is an example of a product roadmap?
Which are some innovating and effective techniques for sales prospecting in B2B business?
How would you go about starting a startup like Instacart?
Morph.ai: is it a good name for a startup which ‘transforms anything into chat’?
When should not yet fully licensed startups start contacting potential suppliers and customers?
I have my MVP, now what?
Does anyone care that there are laws that favor the rich?
What qualities n qualification does a VC require or seek in a startup founder? What r the other formalities that needs to be fulfilled before funding?
Would a pre-seed startup with market demand validation interviews, surveys and user testing of 400 potential customers have enough traction for funding?
Do you have tips for maintaining a solid relationship and good communication with your tech startup cofounder in another state?
I want to build an MVP for an online marketplace. What option do you think is best; A CMS based MVP, non-CMS based, or finding a techie co-founder?
Sheryl Sandberg: How does the concept of Lean In help women in tech?
How do I build an app startup?
Why do a lot of services not yet exist in Israel? (Yelp, Spotify, Netflix, Amazon, Google Store, and so much more)
Lean Startups: I started a company and my father invested $25k over 7 months. I found out today that my father set up an LLC and put his percentage of equity at 35%. I'm angry because we agreed on 20% and he went behind my back. What can I do?
If you have two different unrelated product ideas, should they be started as two separate companies, or under the same company?
Who is a good writer at Tech Crunch (or is a writer at TC) that likes to cover fast growing marketplaces?
How do you create a value curve?
What are some of the leading travel startups in the past 5 years?
Where can i get startup inspiration?
What is it like to have your app featured on the App Store?
How would you arrive at an idea like Slack or Pie through customer development?
When should a co-founder agreement be signed and actual incorporation occur ? right when you started working on your idea or just before pitching for funding?
What are the core courses in the industrial engineering field?
Should I discuss an idea I have for a startup with my peers knowing that it can be copied in its initial stage?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
I tested two aspects with a landing page: problem-solution fit and pricing. Is this sufficient to claim market demand is positively validated?
What experts do I need to start a collaborative consumption platform, and where do I find them?
In what sector should I look for a startup to join in these days?
How do I develop my app idea?
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
How should startup founders divide their time?
Where can a non-EU, non-US citizen (resident) seek US and EU angel investors for his promising tech start-up?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How are startups/entrepreneurs similar to plumbers/plumbing?
How do I measure the success of my MVP ?
What were some of the interesting ways you acquired your customers?
What has been your experience after being financed by CORFO money?
How did the Facebook and Theranos CEOs keep control of their company and boards for so long?
What is the best and most cost-effective way to promote a startup among university students?
Should I incorporate before starting the development of a working prototype?
What should I do to be successful before 30?
My startup just failed but I have $60000 in savings. Would I be wasting time if I went and got a job instead of trying another startup?
Is lean startup methodology inherently contradictory to the blue ocean strategy (or the Zero to One strategy)?
How does a data scientist fit in within a lean startup product development framework?
What is the best strategy to check Venture Capitalist's reputation and references?
Do startups hire marketers?
What exactly does "great execution" mean for startups?
What is it like to work with Eric Ries?
What's the difference between Slack & Glip?
What are the 5 best tips for finding cofounders?
I own an Android phone. Should I build my app idea for Android? or learn iOS instead and release it on iPhone first as it’s more popular for startups?
The Future: Which startups will "fall” in 2016 - 2020?
Of tech startups that go public, what percentage are profitable at IPO? And what user growth rates have they achieved to get to IPO? Where can I find data on this?
My startup doesn't have money making model yet though many users are active. Can I approach an Angle investor?
What are strong indicators of product market fit within the Github community?
I have been invited by a group of four to develop an app for them. What things should I keep in my mind to ensure my profit?
What kind of lean startups don't need real offices or workstations but can still make money?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How do you validate a market for a fashion business?
How can I quickly scale the digital marketing for my SAAS start-up?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies?
What is the best competition/promotion tool for startups to grow?
What are some must-knows about starting a SaaS business from scratch?
Funding aside, what are the top 3 (or more) things that stop SaaS companies from growing ~$25k MRR to ~$250k MRR?
Would an investor be happy with a founder starting a successful company and then hiring a ceo only to do it again?
In a Lean/Agile startup environment, what are the top 3 goals an HR manager should be focused on?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into YCombinator?
How do I know if my UVP is indeed unique?
Which developing countries have the most potential for startups and why?
What is an online course for learning the basics for accounting for small business? What can you recommend that you've used?
For a new company, how do I set up the finance department?
What are some great strategies in raising seed?
What are the major headaches on your daily data related work?
If you are happy and successful, what are the five actions/events in your life that you most attribute your success to, and that you would want to tell to young college students?
Would startups be interested in adding a (human curated, private netwrk) related content bar at the bottom of their blog in exchange for free traffic?
Do you use HADI cycle methodology?
Can anyone find product/market fit in life?
Should I stop my start-up and go for some other ideas or should i stay on stay on same and work more (see question details)?
What should be the right steps to turn any idea to a startup?
Will your lean startup be more lean if you work only part-time (as opposed to full-time) for an employer while you bootstrap your startup?
Should a lean software startup work on functionality and UX in parallel or should one follow the other?
Is there scientific/empirical evidence that the lean start-up method reduces failure in start-ups?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean Management?
What are the essential books and resources on startups and lean startups?
How can I produce Quality Assurance process for Lean Startup?
Can I make a referral for Insurance to my startup customers and get a comission for it?
How should I start to lean data base?
What are your top tips for defining your product vision?
How was ShopClues successful amid the huge e-commerce competition?
What are the best ways we can apply the Lean principles to college education?
What does Gary Vaynerchuck's company VaynerMedia actually do?
Is there a cloud service where you can test hybrid mobile apps on all mobile devices?
Is Branding, Marketing and Timing more important than actual Coding ability for a Tech Startup?
As an entrepreneur what does it mean when people say "you should hire people smarter than you"?
What should the CEO of a startup raising Seed have on their business card?
What is the quickest way to attract a lot of attention to a startup that has just started going viral?
How long should a start-up bootstrap?
What is the business model for Free Code Camp?
What is your work flow for creating growth strategies for your company?
Should I create 2 value maps for 2 customer profiles?
How do I take the payment from our first paying customer when we don't have a minimum viable product yet?
When starting with the partnership, how should you proceed? Should you discuss all the aspects of an idea in detail or discuss them superficially, do the partnership deed, and then share all the details?
Where are the best places to find graphic design internships at startups?
When does a startup move to data driven decision making?
What would you do as a bio-technology start-up?
What did UpCounsel use as its first minimum viable product?
Can I rebuild the same company that I sold ?
How did founders, CEOs and entrepreneurs find a startup that helped them find their niche?
Can I use Google images in my Powerpoint Presentation (for the purpose of my startup), so that I won't be sued later?
What businesses can Europeans start and run in the US from Europe?
I have been working on my startup for the past 6 months. I have developed its prototype and tested the proof of concept. Now I think I should build a large team to take it forward. Should I bring on employees or founders at this stage?
How would I best go about alerting the SEC/DOJ/FTC to look into venture capitalists colluding against entrepreneurs?
Should you go through the whole MVP & customer discovery process if you're creating a better, improved product?
Which startup ideas are ideal when you don't have financial resources?
What providers help startups with hosting and backend, so they can focus on creating their business?
Do you think product market fit is a myth?
I'm developing eBay for most of the services. I've thought from roofing to hiring a clown. What are the best countries besides the US and the EU to launch the company? Also, how do I get a large number of service providers to use the service without me paying much for advertising?
How do companies like Disqus that need tens of thousands of publisher users sell their service?
If lean startup principles begin with identifying a problem, what methodology exists to discover problems worth solving?
Can JIT and Lean Manufacturing Systems be applied to non assembly type manufacturers?
What can I do if I can't afford to start a startup?
Is Agile Development still the best way for a startup to build their MVP?
Would you recommend using lean startup methodologies when starting a new tech business? Why or why not?
I am CEO of a bootstrapped startup. How can I earn 1000$ a month to fund my venture by spending 15 hours a week?
How did Vicarious attract investors such as Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Ashton Kutcher, Dustin Moskovitz, Joe Lonsdale and Adam D'Angelo before having a product, users, revenue or any of the other milestones startups usually achieve prior to attracting such investors?
Does Steve Blank's customer development model work for a financial software startup doing wealth management for retail customers?
What tools do you recommend for early stage startup founder?
What do you think about a site where anyone taking a flight can chat beforehand and arrange to have sex on the plane?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
How did you "spend a day in the life of your customers" for your start-up?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
What is a good umbrella term for the combination of Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking?
Does it make more sense for startup founders to use the services of freelancers in the beginning phases of a startup rather than hiring employees right away?
How do I ensure organizational learning from lean Startup experiments?
What is a good/cheap financial management software solution for startups?
Where do on-demand laundry startups do their actual washing?
What legal incorporation should a single developer obtain for a software side project with small revenues?
How do you get people hooked on your service?
We have a startup partnership together with an IT firm. I would like to implement the LEAN concept for the engineers team. How should I proceed?
I'd like to run a test to see if users might want to order a service from my site, without actually charging the customer. It's purely to validate if such a demand exists through willingness to pay. What's my best option?
I have a startup idea and I want to launch it very soon in Mumbai. How do I convince a good Web developer to work for me at a very low salary?
What is the best method for learning time and work aptitude?
Should I launch my app as a minimum viable product, or a full thing with fancy GUI?
How do I become an MVP on Sitecore in a year?
What are some critcisms of the Lean Startup method proposed by Eric Ries?
How is an IT park different from a general marketplace? What are the facilities being offered to a businessman in an IT park?
What are the best ways to model via spreadsheet the early growth of a SaaS startup?
Would a clone of a quick MVP succeed in India if executed properly?
How do I create a startup that incorporates Bollywood?
Is Reid Hoffman correct in saying: "If You're Not Embarrassed By The First Version Of Your Product, You’ve Launched Too Late"?
Why did you become a startup founder?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
Which company provides the best USSD & message payment gateway service in India? What are their fees and charges?
Everywhere we read about the minimum viable product. The market and users never ask for the minimum anything and nothing substantial or game changing gets built on minimums. Why don't investors have the balls to go maximum and meet the market?
How effective is Canvas Model for startups?
What is the feasibility of B2B2C SaaS with a social-impact business model?
Platforms and Startups: Which ones are the most effective strategies to solve, at the lower cost possible, the Chicken & Egg problem?
Is there a UK equivalent of the YC Combinator SAFE document?
What happens in "MVP: Most Valuable Primate"?
What do you do in IMVU?
Which European city is better for startups, London or Berlin and why?
How do I make automatic feedback to feed metrics of my MVP?
What has your experience been and what lessons did you learn introducing Lean Software Development into your teams and organisations?
Could you pull off a simplified version of Instacart with WordPress?
In the lean startup, Eric Ries talks about the IMVU cofounder who betrayed his cofounders and went to Google to create a clone. Who is this person?
Is 60k revenue on 30k monthly expenses healthy for a startup and what does this mean going forward?
Why startups in emerging countries struggle more to find VC funding? Where to apply to overcome this hurdle?
Is the business model canvas really as helpful as everybody thinks?
Is it necessary to offer discounts if you are building something that solves a problem in society? If you believe in your product, then why should one offer ridiculous discounts for user acquisition?
I have a 1000 names that I need to get an email address for or otherwise reach out to. What's the best way to do it?
What are some of the best visual/physical metric tracking ideas you have seen?
What urgent and critical problem can I solve—or need can I satisfy—for you?
What things must a team of young entrepreneurs know?
How will Vessel's business model really work?
I have started my lean startup business, Monginoz. It's related to education. How should I approach investors?
My product would store several image files in the server. What is the best strategy for storing a huge number of files for a startup company product?
What are some of the craziest startup that actually worked?
PMI offers Agile Foundation Program and Two-day Agile Advanced Program. Is it a good idea to join these programs? What are the benefits from it for digital marketing?
What is Create4MS LLC?
What does a prospective plan look like? What all details does it have?
I want to start a private limited company, but don’t want to share my ownership with others. Is there any option?
How should I approach finding the next startup that I should be working for?
Is it viable to start a company that creates WordPress websites for businesses?
What is the main purpose to use MVP in Android?
Is there a probability that India may produce tech companies like Google, Facebook, Quora etc. inspired by the Start Up India program?
How do I make the Bitcoin community friendly toward a Bitcoin startup project, what are the most important factors they care about?
What businesses can be started online that doesn't involve physical goods?
What is the minimum number of servers (hardware) needed to build a Backend-as-a-Service? What technology do we need to learn to start working on this project?
What are some examples of successful software companies that were coded by a founder with no previous technical knowledge?
How have you tested product/market fit for an online/internet business?
Is it ill-advised for a newly formed startup to launch 8-10 MVPs all at once?
How can I start a mechanical startup and take it as a sucessful one?
What is the right amount of information to collect in a sign up form?
Is the LEAN startup approach applicable across all environments?
How did you use machine learning in your app?
Why is there no internet database of sports like internet database of movies (IMDb)?
What are the best traffic generation methods that can be automated?
Can somebody explain to me what a minimum viable product is in simplest terms?
Why do companies adopt agile?
What is the best way to test 3 potential domain names for a new business?
What are free/paid alternatives to stratechery.com analysis?
My startup got asked to present at an event, I feel its to early for us (pre MVP). Should we pass on this opportunity or give it a shot?
I'm going to build a product/app. Where should I start from?
What is a cutting edge technology based business I could start tomorrow?
What was zomato's mvp (no. of listing at the time of release)?
How can I register a startup in a country remotely (online) while not being a citizen of this country?
How would you spy on your competitors?
How can a 18 year old Start a Tech Startup in India?
Can you apply lean startup principles to a healthcare business?
Facebook (company): Did the folks at Facebook file for patents before or later after they launched as a business?
What is lean and rich?
What do VCs look for in founding teams (first time founder)?
How many money do I earn selling a 100$ object with dropshipping?
How and where do I get projects to start an IT company?
Are there people who specialize in connecting startups with VC's and angel investors?
Do I need to get my web developer to sign any documents for my startup web application?
Which are the good small scale industries which we can setup at low cost and earn good money locally? How can we get training for that?
I've created a software that that helps developers use SQL to query no-sql datastores. Where can I market/sell this product online?
What are the weaknesses of customer development?
Where can I find a best legal advisor for a startup into ecommerce?
Would you rather be CEO and sole owner of a $10 million company or CEO and 10% owner of a $100 million company — in terms of the lifestyle, security and options?
How do I create a profitable and lean design firm?
How do you validate a hardware product before building?
What business will pay off big time if consumers are educated properly?
Is it a stupid to move to show your idea in front of 100 entrepreneurs?
What are the average values in the apps industry for AARRR metrics?
I'm 19 years old and I learned to program in iOS. I want to build my own company some day. However, I need advice on how to get my products out there and how to become successful in what I'm doing. How can I achieve that?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What are some of the best examples of transformation/turn arounds using Lean Six Sigma?
What do companies like Coca-Cola or Red Bull expect from the student teams they sponsor?
How is BookSellBuy.com C2C Business Model?
I've developed a startup company and intend to keep it out of legal issues (SEC Registration) till the time I get some traction. What is the possible ways to share equity with partner or employees?
What would you say if you are offered a chance to travel 52 countries in 52 weeks all expenses paid?
Should a startup worry about technical debt before reaching product/market fit?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
When should a CEO of a startup stop "doing the work" and let the others do the work?
What does baseline mean on Lean startup?
Business: Where should I start from?
What are the most important financial concepts an entrepreneur should know?
How can one force desperation (urgency) upon him/herself?
What is meant by a lean portal?
How can I start learning ES6?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
I have recently been invited to manage a new coworking space in São Paulo, Brazil. I'm excited about it, but uncertain about the challenges I may face & how to deal with them, and eager to know how I can prepare myself to excel at the job. What are the main skills I should develop?
What are some good examples of "platform pivots"?
What are some startup revenue models?
What is the best way to run a lean company?
Mobile Advertising: What can I do other than grow to get to ramen profitability for my premium video business?
What are the best ways to launch a bank as a plattform?
How do I build an app startup from scratch as a single non-tech founder?
How many users do you need to validate a product? 1? 2 - 100?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
What are the ways to online validate the MVP?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
How does agile and customer discovery fit together in early stage startups?
As a startup founder of three years our legal housekeeping is a bit of mess, how can I best setup a system to organize and track what needs to be done and what needs to get fixed?
Where can I get a dual monitor stand like the ones on the Bloomberg terminal?
How does memes.com make money?
Are there institutes/bootcamps that offer guidance for founding your own startup?
Is the SaaS conversion rate measured against all new signups or only active users?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
Should a startup try to skip the "selling to earlyvangelist" step and go directly to "selling to scalable customers" step?
I have an MVP. How do I maximize learning per rupee spent without comprising on learning/time?
We want our web site to generate 30K to 40K per month profit. How do we do that? Is it possible at all when there are only two of us working on it?
In business, how lean is too lean?
Who are the best lean system consultants (local / international) for startup apparel factories based in South Asia ?
Why more and more existing companies and startups  are going towards native apps instead of websites?
Who do I need to follow for idea validation?
Is there going to be any impact if I make my startup on C# ASP.NET MVC when I want to find investors compared to open source languages like PHP and Ruby?
Can the lean startup methodology be used to validate mass-social B2C ideas?
Is it possible to get funded by an accelerator without attending the two to three month accelerator program?
Should my 50/50 cofounder get any equity if she left and does not work on the company although she had the initial idea?
What are some ways business person can do market research without hiring a marketer?
How old is too old to start a startup?
Would a p2p money transfer app need to be regulated by the FCA?
Is drop shipping similar to mail order lean startup?
If I invest in a startup through a WeFund (WeFunder) what happens to my money if WeFunder goes out of business?
As a software company, what system do you use to capture and vote on ideas?
Which startups did you end up paying money to work for, but enjoyed working for anyway?
Why is there a cult of frugality around early stage companies when  there are zero profit 'unicorns' burning millions on organic cous cous, massages, and ridiculous office decor?
Can you give people equity that vests right away or split equity that vests overtime long before being incorporated?
What makes Brian Wong's Kiip so special?
What portion of the startup shares should go to product development? What portion should go to marketing/business development? How should the shares be distributed among co-founders?
I'm guy with tons of ideas/visions to improve human's lives, is that normal?
How much does it cost to develop android applications that books the Flight Tickets?
Who are the SaaS thought leaders that you consider "must read"?
Why is it important to build an MVP?
What are the things I should do in the first month of my online store to attract traffic in a cheap way and ensure the biggest bang for my buck?
What's the fastest step-by-step process for churning out and testing many MVP ideas?
Is there a source for information on growth rates for a cross section of startups?
I'm confident that I can execute the engineering and SEO side of the house. What should I look for as a co-founder?
I was thinking of creating a Quora like web application but for students. Assuming user acquisition isn't a problem what ways could I monetize this application without displaying ads?
I have built a kickass product. How do I market it?
How can someone have an MVP to present to investors if he need money to create this MVP?
Do you regret not hiring a startup lawyer for your startup or regret hiring one early on?
How can I beat the likes of flipkart & amazon?
I want to start an e-learning startup. Is it wrong for me to take an internship at an e-learning company?
Are there ever any conflicts of interest with a VC/incubator/accelerator and their potential investments with the company that bought him/her out in?
I am launching my first web-based startup. What infrastructure should I deploy for the short term, and what should I look to scale to within 12 months?
How/where can I stay updated about the latest startups and their traction?
How do you attract investors to your startup?
Why is entrepreneurship important to you?
What are the fastest growing startups of all time, in terms of revenue?
At what point should a startup have a full website instead of a landing page?
Are you using any particular methodology to run BirchBox?
As a (startup) CTO or a technical lead, how I can help ensure that the software application doesn't evolve into an unmaintainable gobbledygook of source code?
Rahul Yadav was fired from Housing.com by board members. Was it the right decision by the board? Why or why not?
How should the only developer leave a startup half way through build?
Is it a major red flag if a good potential technical cofounder is not comfortable with giving me their references for due diligence?
What should be the prototype for attracting an investment: the finished product which has a small number of users or exemplary demonstration model which contains a small part of opportunities of the final idea? What prototypes were shown to investors by founders of successful startups?
What would happen if advertised products could be analyzed in seconds according to your own individual specifications (e.g. product characteristics)?
Why does Silicon Valley Bank send plain-text passwords for the forgot password functionality?
What are the best "Bible" books that explain the process of a startup (from idea, to venture capital, to market it, to business model etc.)?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
I have validated a problem, a user group, and a solution via success metrics, hard data, and user interviews and testing. The only problem is I'm not super passionate about the industry. What do I do? Do I find someone else to run this project? Let the idea die? Or push on myself?
Do you know anybody who has managed to build a successful mobile app startup?
What are some interesting business models?
On what basis should I select a startup advisor?
What is the best way to implement an idea that already exists and is probably failing?
At what stage should I take my startup into an incubator/accelerator program?
How many times have you drafted or built a minimum viable product in your career as an entrepreneur?
What is the optimal structure of a startup SaaS B2B sales team? 
What do you think of this website?
What are some great cases of business model development in early startups?
What requirements do I need for hosting a minimum viable product social networking website?
How do you keep breathing when you don't have any reason why?
Are startup competitions critical products?
How important is intellectual property protection for a startup?
How would you create a MVP for a ad network like maxbounty?
How would you go about competing with CreativeMarket?
What are the core legal requirements for a online business?
A new start up, where can I find free platforms that can promote my offers and deals? I do not wish to pay any affiliate commission.
How is equity calculated for a startup?
Is it better to raise funds with favorable terms or to have a support network from experienced investors?
How do you deal with having to extend a coming soon campaign before a startup launch?
What do you look for in founders? The drive, passion, stick-to-itiveness, smarts, X, etc?
What is a good number of early adopter sign-ups for an upcoming app? How can I get a good number of sign-ups on the website?
What are some good articles about design principles of lean end-to-end tests of a web/mobile service?
When you're just founding a new company that people have not heard of, how are you able to seek out and convince the people who have already accomplished much in the industry to come join?
Can the incentive for a service be to save money? Is a points based system necessary?
When incorporating in DE, do I need to hire a lawyer to write the details for the "description of assigned IP" section?
If your startup requires marketing its service to many publishers, how important is it to be based in big cities (e.g.NYC) from the start?
If Outlook didn't exist today, what would an ideal customer profile look like for a startup that is thinking of making something similar today?
What can I do, I have a startup idea but no money to invest?
Where can I download "The Lean Startup: How Constant Innovation Creates Radically Successful Businesses" by Eric Ryes complete ebook for free?
How long does it take to get to product market fit?
Where can an entrepreneur live cheaply in England?
How do I measure demand for my dropshipping product idea?
Will we survive Flontshop?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
I have an idea for a much needed SaaS product with maybe 5000 total firms that would be interested in the software. Is this market too small?
Is there an online marketplace for doing customer interviews?
What is lean ops in simple term?
What are some good opportunities for lean startups in the space industry?
What is the meanest thing that venture capitalists can do to founders?
Is it illegal to host a website in an iframe if the terms of the website state not to do so?
How can you structure a co-founder relationship so that it doesn't turn into constant debate?
What should I do if I am the only developer in a B2B startup and I am paid at minimum wage with no equity?
How close is your dream job/career aligned with your original Dream?
How can I love the way I talk or sound when speaking in public?
What’s wrong with the Lean Startup methodology?
What's the best way to fund a startup prototype?
When is the best moment to pass from MVP to a product?
How many respondents do I need for my NPS to be relevant?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing principles such as 5Y and Six Sigma and the five principles of lean (specify value as perceived by the customer, identify the value stream, etc.)?
How can I find a partner for my fashion startup here in Quora?
I have an idea for an app/website but have no coding experience. What are the next steps I have to take to make it happen?
What are some great free collaboration tools for teams?
Why have more successful startups in Silicon Valley apparently been founded by graduates of Stanford rather than Berkeley?
How do I raise a loan of ₹25000 (in India), for a start up without any security?
Startups: How do I create and drive customer demand before launching product?
What's the best advice if you have a good start-up idea to create an app, but you can't create a prototype because you're not a programmer and you don't have much money to enroll one?
How much revenue is usually needed to raise a $1MM seed round?
Is it ok to star Startup "an app" with an idea that I don't know if it will scale to millions of users?
What are some excellent examples of Minimum Viable Marketing (MVM)?
How do you build lean tests for new start-ups and stable businesses interested in innovation?
Why is Eric Ries so well known but no one knows about IMVU, his original lean startup?
What are some of the best academic work, the most relevant articles of the last decade on organizational growth, organizational change and organizational adaptation?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
How can you discourage role learning?
Are there local delivery services in the US which cater to B2B customers?
How can I connect with people who are struggling with their businesses?
What are the hot markets now (2016) where profitable business can obviously be started?
Is there any platform or service that shows the latest pitches at various startup events like StartupWeekend and whatnot?
When building a website for a startup, is it better to use a pre-made template or should I code one up from scratch?
Will it be legal if a company registered as a filming or cinematic corporation publishes books and websites on its behalf?
What are some better alternatives out there that offer the same feasibility as Google while not jeopardizing data security?
How do you evaluate if you have a good or bad business model canvas?
What are some other must-reads for entrepreneurs in correlation of reading The Lean Startup?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I am Embedded Engineer with 1.5 years of exp, currently I am not working. Now I have this idea of Web domain. Shall I work on it ?
Is it a bad idea to date while building a startup?
Which public companies have a successful lean program in place?
What do you think about home page design of Team Productivity SaaS app tmail21.com?
For documenting interactions with early evangelists and early adopters, is there a sort of CRM that works best? To be more precise, what is the best way to document these interactions and keep in touch with the resource?
What all are the oil and gas, refining, and petrochemical industry startups in Europe?
I'm planning to start an online business focusing on product sales. What resources should I use to find attractive niches?
Are many startups pivoting?
Is lean startup only for big companies?
With a prototype, how do I convince seed investors to sign a convention when I will sell an innovative B2B product (recommender system software) in the framework of a 'one shot sale' (and using the lean startup model)?
What are some examples of enterprising nonprofits that have a lean startup model?
I am about to launch an online business. I have compiled contacts (email addresses) of potential clients. How should I reach them without appearing to be spam? What customer acquisition strategies and tools can I use?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How would you define the adjective in the phrase 'Lean start-up'?
What are some good companies falling through the Series A gap?
How much money should a start up company (30-40 employees) spend on office perks (snacks, activities, etc)?
What are new consulting business models?
Do you know the best tools for lean methodologies?
In marketing, is there a difference between a startup and a small business?
I have a large P.O., but the money doesn't come until I deliver the goods. Where should I look for financing?
As a startup LLC, how do you file US taxes for outsourced work done offshore (Asia), if you have that person working for you full-time?
When I should I call it quits on my startup business and take a job?
In 2015, why should I start a tech company in LA and not SFBA?
What are the best sites for free CSS templates for my website?
How to get investments as a student in the U.S.?
How many types of problem statements are there for a startup?
How much does a startup cost globally?
Is Zero to One the antithesis to The Lean Startup?
Does lean startups advocate that one should not make a feasibility study?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Which is better for an entrepreneur with an investor: profit sharing or giving equity
I like to do non-tech startups; Is there any need for me to learn programming languages? Can I manage with the resource available in the internet?
Is there a company, group, institution, or single persons with major experience in successful Startups that could get involved as counselors, if so, which are the right approaches in order to get their interest in a business relationship, and how can I get in touch with them?
How do I handle artisans/clients who don't deliver on time?
What is the most profitable business you could start with only $5,000?
What was Facebook's MVP?
Would you like to be interviewed by a startup? Why?
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
How does a biotech or medical device startup get to know their users during customer validation if their users are extremely ill or hospitalized?
Do companies tend to undervalue the translation quality of their business copy?
What classifies a lean startup from others?
How pornography business is growing so much?
I have a small business and we are looking to expand our coverage area. How have some of the 'unicorn' start-ups expanded so quickly and so successfully?
Founder depression, what to do when things aren't clicking?
How is a pivot different from a Plan B?
Is it a good idea to build a food delivery-based start-up considering the competition in this space?
If our startup hasn't been working for us and we can't keep it going, how can we sell the IP to reduce as much loss as possible?
What's an MVP employee?
Did they test customer hypotheses before launch? Or did they have an MVP?
Lean Startups: How bad is waterfall development? What are some horror stories?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
How do you sell yourself in one sentence?
How did companies like Delivery Hero and Foodpanda get initial traction?
I turned down a $160k + 0.4% equity offer in a rapidly growing company that just raised a $12 MM round, valuing the company at $50 MM. Did I make a mistake?
What is the most efficient way to get a yearly planner copied and bound for resell?
If I know deep down that I already have the perfect name, is it better to create a new business name just because the domain name is taken?
What are the best resources to self-educate as an aspiring startup CEO?
Why do I find programming so soul sucking and depressing?
Which is the best cost effective company for Mobile App development?
How do you test the viability of an online business idea?
What are the disadvantages of agile software development?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
How do I convince people to work for my startup when initially I have nothing to pay but want to assure them that I will pay them as soon as we start making money? How do I assure them?
Can one build a startup outside office hours when working full-time as a new employee of a big firm?
I don't have the money to build a MVP and my F&F won't lend me any money because of my age. What should I do?
How do I lean Tableau?
I am making $50k a month selling a third party service. What do I do next?
What are the “most in demand” service businesses right now that could be started with little or even no money?
What is the fastest and easiest way to make 1-2 million dollars in IT and/or by investing?
I have an idea for a technology-based product. Is there a proven formula or process for taking a product from concept to completion?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
How can I start my own PayPal Mafia?
My SaaS business is fully operational, MVP+1 pivot with some exciting developments in the pipeline. However with cash flow currently low, how could angel / venture capital funding benefit it?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
What is the first step to develop a wearable device? Should we first work on the POC (giving specs to manufacturers) or should we go about patenting the product?
Why don't Silicon Valley investors understand lean startups?
What is the must-read book about becoming an agile business?
What "Lean Startup" principles and techniques can be applied to a non-tech physical goods distribution company?
How do you lean out?
As an Entrepreneur or Startup Founder, do you get frustrated writing business proposals, blog posts, investment proposals, plans etc. over and over?
Can you explain the essential techniques of bootstrapping?
What are the most successful examples of SAAS services?
How important is it to be in United States to start a successful company as a young girl?
What are the common myths in Indian entrepreneurial eco systems?
I need advice from entrepreneurs / advisors on finding a good developer for my early stage startup. Any suggestions and lessons learned?
How do you show traction for a marketing campaign?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Is there anything like "Lean canvas" but for marketing?
What stack do you use for marketing and sales in your B2B startup?
What is a good idea for a startup web company?
Does devaluation of Flipkart is beginning of the end? Is the startup bubble about to burst?
How do you make an ionic mobile app a link to download for alpha testers?
What is a cool office space in London (preferably near Oxford circus) that is quite open plan? It also needs to accommodate for a growing sales team with a minimum of 10 people. What is the best place?
What are the benefits of online presence for large fashion brands?
My startup has really high numbers in Google benchmarking. Are the numbers wrong and if so, how do I fix it?
Do developers/engineers in London prefer cash over equity?
What are the key factors of NewRelic’s Exponential growth?
When is it appropriate to build an MVP?
What are some innovative ways to create an MVP for seed funding in 2015?
What are Uber clone script which used by Successful startup?
What can startups learn from management consulting?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
What are the best examples to product market fit in Edtech?
What tools or analytics does the alternative finance (P2P, Crowdfunding, invoices) industry need as acceptance & participation grows?
Is an e-marketplace the same as an online marketplace?
What do you think about storytelling about your startup growth from day one?
If you want to validate a business idea like Quora, how will you do it?
Why do silicon valley people spends money on people where Asian spends on marketing?
I just completed reading "The Lean Startup" and am now looking for similar great books that can help my career as a product manager. Are there any suggestions and why?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your startup?
What books every e-commerce entrepreneur must read before starting out?
Can a company be build around a product which is like open source from day one?
How do I find a co-founder for my social media related tech startup?
How do you make lean at home?
What or who are some seed funders in the Dallas Area?
If there is access to better developers and domain knowledge in London, should Development take place there with a sales team in the Middle East?
I have recently founded my business. My mother has suggested me going part-time to help out, but I'm not too keen on the idea. What should I do?
I have a startup, how can I find a co-founder in California/Silicon Valley?
As a Junior Developer and only employee of an early stage startup, what can you expect if the startup does well?
If the market collapses tomorrow and that there will be no tech unicorn buyouts for a while, will people be less inclined to be involved in a startup?
How do I launch an Airline Company using learn startup principles?
What awesome things you would want people to know about your Business?
With low marketing budgets and no historical conversion data, would you recommend driving traffic to the website or the app (both serve the same purpose)?
Why does Quora have a bias towards Silicon Valley, Lean Startup and other Startup related trends from the valley? I found a remarkable bias toward these topics when I had chosen my profile.
Can you bootstrap startup based on user growth?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How much initial investment(minimum) is required for a Internet based startup? How much online marketing would cost?It will be a service facilitator?
How can one engineer a company for hyper growth?
How would you apply the "Lean Startup" methodology to an e-commerce business?
I'm trying to fund a tech startup using my own part-time 160-220k income as payroll. It looks like my best bet would be to go to the Philippines and build a team of coders there. What's the best way to do this?
What things should an entrepreneur remember to do for a startup in the IT-sector in India?
What are examples of famous (somewhat) nonprofit pivots?
How can I be a successful sole entrepreneur?
How can I find (preferably open) databases containing marketing mix variables and results in sales?
Can I look lean in one day?
What was Prisma's MVP?
What are the pros and cons of using weebly.com to create a minimum viable product for a startup?
You've got a business idea to create an electronic device, but you don't have the skills and money to create it. What do you do?
Shall I get my prototype build by outsourcing and later hire people for the start-up?
What ways do all media companies "Lean"?
Have you signed up to Auction Cog. Liquidation auctions. Business assets Auctions. ?
How long does it take to read The Lean Startup?
As a newly graduated MBA, why am I rejected by every single startup in Silicon Valley?
How many people became millionaires off the internet after 2008 starting with zero, and what were their companies?
Why do most of the CEOs of the IT companies look skinny?
Which are the good law firms in India and Singapore who provide business plan consulting services for startups?
What is a problem you face on a daily basis, and do you think there could be a product to solve that problem?
Should an entrepreneur focus on hybrid programming (HTML, CSS, JS) or should they focus on native tools (Java, Objective C/Swift)?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
How do I develop a viable sales plan for a niche product I have developed?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What is the best way to start a business/company as one person?
What are the best tutorials and Inspirations for small internet businesses?
What should a teen that is passionate about Entrepreneurship/Management do with his/her free time?
Lean Startups: How do I find early adopters for my Q&A site?
What tech companies hire from Hedge Funds?
I am helping a social venture to raise funds using my network. What commission should I ask?
How do I sell domain names to startups?
Some startup founders advise other founders not to build a startup for financial reasons. Is this really good advice?
What is the best way for a company to use the computer as a telephone?
Should I form a C corporation now or after I have secured my backing?
What are the ways of joining a startup going to attend the accelerator or already attending it?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
Where can I find a list or a listing on a website with all of the restaurants in the world?
What are the startups that align well with the trend: Age of the CMO: Marketing Technologies in the Cloud?
What are some good resources for young professionals and female entrepreneurs?
Should I stay in manufacturing company that has start up or should I look for another job?
What are some Internet startups in 2016 that could make a huge difference in the world or would benefit some large group of people in some good way?
How is founding a startup like being in a band?
What is the validity period of the attested documents?
What are the most important indicators/metrics that will show the progress for a startup?
We wrote a weekly business newsletter (open rate = 17% and click rate = 3%) but our new subscriptions rate is poor. I want a weekly +5% subscription. How can I grow my weekly newsletter readers list?
How would you start making money if one day you woke up broke with no job and no connections?
What does a lean process specialist do?
Are recipe aggregator highly unprofitable startups? How are they usually make money?
What are some of the great startup ideas lying unexploited right under our noses?
Where would you test a product idea for programmers, who want to found a company?
What are the startups that are a pleasure to work in?
Who is the authority on this subject in your opinion?
What makes tech incubators fail?
What is a big enough total addressable market (TAM) to be attractive for venture capital investors?
How do I create a dedicated customer care set-up for Indian Quorans in Quora itself?
Can I learn mathematics at this age?
Is it important to gain credibility of being an enterpreneur by having your company acquired?
How much will it cost to build and maintain a service based website like OYOrooms in India?
What are good examples of how B2B SaaS startups got their first customer?
What are some examples of products that succeeded using a lean start-up?
What logistics businesses can be run in the USA from abroad?
Is it possible to bootstrap a consumer robotics company?
How does Etsy encourage their developers to innovate on a day to day basis?
I am planning to build an MVP of my app idea and implement it at my university. I have no tech experience, what should I do?
At what point  in your startup development should you consider reaching out to investors?
Is LegalZoom good enough for creating Terms & condition + Privacy policy for a new B2B mobile app and website?
Is it likely for commerce to take place via mobile rather than Web with mobile paving the way forward?
What is the potential 'return on investment' for an angel investor in multiples (times)? What is the simple rule of thumb for minimum multiples in India?
What are best ways to contact effective in-depth interviews with people you know?
Will investors frown upon a startup that has used sites like Weebly.com to create their MVP?
What are some great startup schools examples?
How can you measure potential with at most surety of an early stage start up?
How can I evaluate my e-commerce startup's worth if I want to sell it completely?
How do I show proof of concept for an iPhone application that can't be made untilI have money?
Would selling my minimum viable product that costs me $20 for the price of $30 be worth my time?
What is the best way to contact someone like Marc Cuban about my startup? (An investment or just feedback on the idea) What do they want to hear?
What are the best ways to convince companies to license my technology when they consider it a core competency (in the US)?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why do you think computer programmers think their labor is more valuable than most others in a startup venture?
How can I use to LEAN methodology to start a technology startup?
What is the best process for designing and building an internet based MVP?
Business plan is ready and well received by peers. How should I develop the tech part of the business? I am planning to seed my own startup initially
How can I effectively use a debt I just raised for my online training business?
What course or language or thing should I learn to get a handsome job in a startup?
Should customers report bugs or support representatives?
How does one know whether particular thing-to-happen is an obsession or determination?
When building an MVP, are there any decisions that you'll be stuck with or that will be difficult to reverse after launch?
How do you find people to do customer interviews?
What are the best books on mobile application startups?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
How can I find early adopters for a new charity product?
What are some funniest moments or funniest stories or funniest pics of startups in India?
What do I do if I have an idea that a company could easily integrate into their stack?
How can I sell physical goods in US without being there?
Is it possible not to have reached a product market fit with ~1,000 paying customers?
Philippines: Do I need to register a business before making a profit or clients?
How do I use the Lean Startup method with hardware/physical products?
How do I start a company partnership with the whole purpose of looking for opportunities and growth in businesses, whereby they can be sold, listed, etc.? What kind of business should I start?
What performance-based guarantees would you suggest to ensure geographic and customer exclusivity if warranted and earned by a distribution partner?
What are some interesting tools for lean startups that wish to analyse their users’ data and learn from them?
Is it OK for a startup to ask its users to verify their phone number (by text) as a part of the signup process when we go live?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
How do I calculate Repeat Purchase Rate for a subscription based platform?
Is it important to release an app as a minimum viable product as soon as possible or should you wait until it is of a very high standard first?
Is it ok to send out early access invite on hacker news for a new website? Or what are the best venues for that purpose?
Is à méditation startup worth starting?
Entrepreneurship in India: At what stage of a startup do VC's consider investing in the company?
What is Lean UCD?
What are the unspoken downsides of being a VC or angel investor?
What transition does a salaried, hardworking, middle class person have to undergo when he/she takes up entrepreneurship?
Which niche groups of people are ideal as early adopters (seed groups) for community websites like Quora?
How do you build a lean to shelter?
India: What are your views on the "Ek Saal Desh Ke Naam" program recently launched by the Modi government?
Should I use Swift or Objective-C to build an iOS app (Simple / MVP) for our startup?
We launched Arima (Q&A site for polls), and have some okay traction, how do we get more people?
How did Instacart get its first 1000 customers?
What obstacles are there for a very ambitious startup to develop the first version on WordPress?
Lean Startup: What are the business analytic tools that startups in Phase-1 use (MVP is released. Google analytics is not the right fit)?
What do you think of our innovative cashback website concept, any criticism and suggestions ?
How can I check if my business idea is valid (using Lean Methodology)?
I completed a healthcare tech beta product. I enrolled to a state-sponsored incubator to launch. It has only been 2 months of nothingness. This week I cold-called a big potential customer and now they want a demo. I’m super pumped. How do I proceed with caution?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is it good to outsource startup project to freelancers?
Why did Cooking.com lose profitability and eventually get sold to Target?
How do I recruit a qualified engineer for new startup? How to attract them to join our new startup?
I'm interested in building a mobile app which will help shoppers find retail stores with the shortest queues to save time. How can I validate such an idea?
Are your customers part of the product development process?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
What are some of the best lessons taught in the book The Lean Startup by Eric Ries?
What's an minimal way to charge for your MVP?
I have an idea for an app. What should I do before starting working on the MVP?
For a hardware startup in SF, what's the best way to run lean?
Can solopreneurs succeed?
How much to lean my Royal Enfield on turns. What is the science of centripetal force on turns in conjunction to speed, and lean?
What are some dressing tips for lean guys?
We launched our MVP product and we’re trying to get early adopters, how can we accomplish that?
Is there any tech-startup webinar is going to be scheduled recently?
What's the best way to start a webcomic?
What is an example of a company that effectively used batch size reduction for a business process other than manufacturing? Why did this help?
What features should an MVP not have?
Are there any good books on MVP and experimentation design for startups?
Is the web development market drying up?
Is there a framework for IT and business alignment for small business?
What would be a lean startup approach to playing chess?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
My co-founder doesn’t take me as a co-founder, but as a “cheap power”. What do I do?
If I want start credit card business then what should be done first, getting merchants who will accept the card or getting customers who will use it?
Can you legally cofound a US startup with someone from another country, how does that work?
Should I use an AdWords campaign to gain an email list for my Kickstarter project?
How do I test my MVP with small businesses?
As a sales person doing a cold visit, what is a way to answer the typical excuse given by most secretaries "my boss is at a meeting give us your information and we will call "?
What would it be like if startup competitions were online?
Where can I find a marketing strategist / growth-hacker to help seize the "low-hanging fruit" within my app business?
What are the ways I can validate a website idea that would primarily make money through ad revenue? What should I say to my target audience?
What happened to the famo.us JavaScript framework?
How did you apply the lean methodology for your tech startup?
How do you ask a potential cofounder to do a background check you have setup without causing problems to the relationship or trust?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
Anybody from Mangalore area , who are interested to join start up ?
For a small internet business (1000$ revenue) dealing with a limited number of products with outsourced manufacturing and distribution, how do you go about inventory? Do you research the market and then stock, or do you stock and then market it through Facebook/Google?
Are people or processes more important in lean manufacturing?
In an early stage startup, should we focus on the MVP, put it out there and test it or focus on the branding and the presentation before development?
What do all new entrepreneurs need to start learning about?
I'm a part of a startup. I made a commitment with my partners that I would study & handle the front end web designing, but I am busy learning iOS development right now. What should I do?
Is an offer of 7.5% pref equity for $30k cash & 3 months acceleration a bad deal for a startup?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I be more useful for the startup?
Is there a community focused around tools and services that are designed to build digital projects fast?
How'd you make a minimal viable product to test an idea for a mobile app without much development when fact simplicity and mobile approach is the key factor?
Is Y Combinator asking too much equity for 120k worth of funding?
Suppose you were bootstrapping a startup like Uber, how would you acquire your first 1000 customers?
What should I post on social media for my startup?
What are some methods of collecting data in the lean startup model?
What are the pros and cons of running a very lean startup in terms of number of employees?
Which one is the best book about bootstrapping startups?
Can you use NyQuil to make lean?
What is the one piece of advice you would give to first-time founders or entrepreneurs?
Which are the best startup magazines for publishing paid articles?
I am a Senior Software Engineer with almost 9 years of experience in IT sector. Is just technical knowledge enough to create my own business that makes millons of money? If not, what I need more?
Is there an MVP template?
What is a business contract and typically does a successful startup aspire to have a lot of contract involvement?
Is IMVU fun? Why or why not?
Is it really good being a unicorn?
Do CEO's of well established brands use any specific types of platforms / strategies to make sure that their emails are not easily discovered and/or found?
Where can I find a list with online eCommerce communities?
Can one's purchasing of products or services offered by a startup in large amounts at early stages be considered an investment from regulation standpoint?
What tip can you give to lock out the competition when you’ve got your App live and are at seed capital stage?
For entrepreneurs, is purpose more important than profit?
What banks do accept bitcoin?
Do I need a MVP for a tech startup before speaking to investors?
How do I keep equity without running the company long term?
How comprehensive is the 2001 code audit check-list?
For the state you operate in what are the legal risks to accept funding by Angel or VCs for a startup?
Does Techstars have any British companies or companies founded by a British person in their American accelerators?
What are the most important benefits of using online software and tools?
How do I get Ashton Kutcher to advise our startup on equity basis?
What are the best unconventional workplace systems?
What's the downside to taking a lean startup approach to any new venture, technology related or otherwise?
What are some good blogs aimed at starting or growing a small business website or online store?
Has anyone tried doing a start-up and realized that it wasn't for them and has now gone back to working in the corporate world?
What's the best free mailing list platform?
Should I find a new name if the name I want to trademark is already trademarked by a company in the same class?
What is the best experience for a young future entrepreneur before launching his own online marketplace in the concept of sharing economy?
What is the best market or category (or niche) in which to start an E-commerce business in India?
Is there an alternative to Thunderclap where you decide when you launch?
Is the tech industry the only place to make major profit ? Can anyone name recent rich entrepreneurs in other industries/sectors not tech related?
How can I turn my big innovative ideas into actual value streams?
Is risk enough of a reason to discourage yourself from pursuing a business idea?
Where else can I ask for feedback about my idea online, besides in Quora?
What products in the fashion/accessories industry are the easiest to produce?
What would you do to start over, if you are transported to a parallel universe, where everything is the same the only difference is you know no one?
How is it possible to have a billion dollar net worth and not know the difference between net profit and gross profit?
Will I be taken seriously as an 18 year old lone founder applying to an accelerator?
Is there an anthropological answer to the entrepreneur movement at a global scale apart from the late world financial crisis?
How do you verify your business idea and conduct market research, while bootstrapping with limited capital?
Is it wisest to approach one investor at a time?
Do I lose control of my startup when I hire a CEO?
If you could hire only one person, would it be a developer or a manager?
Why do startups work at coworking spaces?
What is Rocket Internets strategy for starting a new company and bring it to the market?
If my startup's revenue streams based on commissions from Hotels and other properties like booking.com. How can I calculate my profits forecasting into my business plan annually?
What is the best way to define the price structure of a folding wooden chair that has a big emphasis on its design?
How do startup founders have money to invest in other startups? Do they get a salary from investments?
What do startup software product managers do on a day to day basis?
What are the legal steps to start ecommerce?
Do you think a startup will benefit from this http://assessment.tarful.com?
How do you test the usability of your product if you can’t recruit your main customer segment?
What are the frameworks, checklists, tools, or question-lists for lean startup?
Should I allow an agency to keep 30% of my ecommerce business?
Can I open a startup in Brazil that profits from U.S. users?
What we need to take care while hiring CTO?
I got an interview with a successful business man for my blog. What questions should I ask him?
What are the benefits of running a design sprint for my product?
Do you know of someone who's made it by himself not being technical? I'm talking about someone who's created a successful startup being a "nobody".
How's this for a concierge MVP?
What are the best practices for a startup CEO managing and communicating with the product development team? How much involvement should the CTO have in business development initiatives?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
I got €400 as a gift from my parents. What's the best way to invest with this amount of money?
Can you help me make a list of e-commerce start-ups, who started their business by launching a Minimum Viable Product and succeeded? I know Zappos. Who else?
I can only commit 2 years to a startup. How far can I take it? 
How can technology improve the operations of UN agencies and NGOs worldwide? I'm trying to come up with something like an Uber or Airbnb that would help solve real world problems. Any ideas or suggestions would be great.
Do you think it's possible for someone to learn how to be genuinely nicer?
There is this unique market, I want to put the store's merchandise on an online multi-store ecommerce plateform and take commission, can you give me advice please?
Do startups appreciate the value of their advisory boards?
What all things do I need to know if am starting a startup in India?
How can I get initial clients without spending any significant amount on marketing?
How can I build an actual countdown/timer to trigger urgency for an action for my sales team, once a prospect signs up to our SaaS?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
What is the process of product design?
How can I leverage being a current undergrad student when trying to do enterprise sales for the first time?
What is your review of The Lean Startup (book)?
How do startups keep track of liquidity, costs, revenue, break-even point?
We need to validate that our customers' companies are real entities to use our service. What are the web services for each country to do this?
How good is the book 'Lean Startup'?
What are ways to deal with burnout before a startup launch?
What are some ideas for getting B2B customers to finance a startup?
What are top 10 lead B2B generation tools for online marketing?
How was your experience working at Quovantis?
When does the YC summer 2015 application come out?
What's the best approach for launching a consulting business for startups?
How do you teach early-stage startups to use the Lean Startup methodology?
I operate a mobile survey platform with over 20K panels/respondents in Indonesia and expanding SEA next year. What are best B2B strategies to reach global clients?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
What should be my approach towards my start-up?
How do I coach, develop/improve and support my team members and directs on their way towards a lean management?
What are the best strategies for coming up with tech business ideas?
When should a startup move to Silicon Valley?
Was Eric Ries right about the Lean startup methodology?
My startup got rejected by an incubator. What should I do?
Is the lean startup dead?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
What types of startups can I run when I can program only little?
Out of London and Dubai, which is better to launch a startup?
What's the secret sauce behind Facebook and Uber? Why can't their competitors copy their ideas at the early stage?
How can I start a small WiFi enabled local coffee shop and hangout place for youth and business people in Delhi?
Startups: What is Circld?
What are possible startup opportunities in algorithmic trading?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
I have an startup idea (social network). And I have JavaScript background. Should I learn Meteor.js or Ruby on Rails for making MVP?
What are the advantages of using Lean Canvas vs. just writing your own 1-page business model offline?
What are the methods employed by producthunt to gain early traction? Which of the above methods were the most effective?
How is personal accountability measured or tracked when using Kanban/Lean?
Say you have a great idea, but no business model. Would you pursue it?
How can I build a good team for my startup idea in Mumbai?
What are the most important ideas in 'The Lean Startup'?
How do you feel about lean management?
How do I move from MVP to beta?
Does a CS senior know enough to be a technical cofounder/CTO of a startup?
What industries aside from technology are growing rapidly and do not requiere a lot of capital to enter into?
Should I consider doing React + Django Rest just for launching a startup MVP, or is just Django enough?
What could be the ideal marketing and launch plan (for a specific countries: Australia, Germany) for a new "skin cancer" app?
What would be the runtime and content of a perfect startup video?
How do I come up with an MVP for a new mobile app?
How a startup can increase its market value without investor funding?
What is your experience working with sales groups to get your product into retail?
Can you suggest name for a HR Consultancy firm with recruitment and resourcing both?
What is a practical number of advisors for a start up?
I have the seller side covered on my classified startup. How do I bring buyers?
How long did it take the Airbnb founders to launch their MVP?
Are the majority of startups useless these days?
I have customers who will buy next week, do I need to incorporate (or LLC-iate) before I accept their payment?
Does Eric Ries feel the term "minimum viable product" could have been named better?
I am an introvert with great technical skills and product living in SF. How/where do I meet people like me and also VC/angel investors?
What is Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
What are the most successful membership sites?
How should I organize work and team to build mobiles games?
What are the advantages of a 100% remote job?
I am building the product of my startup myself. I am financially unstable and cannot put any money in my startup. What should my next step be after I have finished the development?
What are the most useful templates or worksheets for value proposition design?
What are some markets right now with high demand for some service that consumers are not getting enough?
Should I build my own nearshore software company?
What do successful companies like Snapchat or Facebook look like on a business model canvas?
Can I pay someone to fix my value proposition?
Will my startup idea work?
Why are some startups less enthusiastic about big companies that use Lean Six Sigma while The Lean Startup is a modified version copy of it?
If a major drinks firm wanted to develop an MVP in the craft beer / micro-brewery sector, what would its MVP look like?
Is it a good idea to write a book about how I used the lean startup process to grow my small business?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
What are the best ways to advertise a startup?
On which factors do company builders rely to decide on starting a new company?
How many "Leap-of-faith" assumptions can I make according to lean startup principles, Is there limit?
I want to start a business. Something through the Web. What can I do for a start?
I am using a growth hack to have some customers from a larger company use my marketplace app. How do I charge them?
From operation management perspective: who are some famous professors in the field of lean manufacturing?
What does Entrepreneurship really mean?
For a B2B SaaS prototype that is not 100% validated, is it better to charge the first customers for a year up front or monthly as we improve our service through feedback?
I have an idea for an app and coding experience, but the project is too large for me to program alone. How should I approach this situation?
Is it OK to be the type of founder that is only involved during the startup stage?
When making movies, does Hollywood subscribe to the practice of creating minimal viable products (MVPs)?
What are some effective ways for UX and visual designers to collaborate on projects?
How do we call out a bad startup accelerator without jeopardizing the startup?
What is the step-by-step procedure to own a pvt. ltd. company?
How can I overcome this huge pressure not to fail, when the number of prospects I have are consumer focused multi national companies and there are only a few of them, and each opportunity failed is a door closed and I only have few tries?
What are the best hacks to build a lean healthcare startup?
What are good companies/firms for doing a background check on a potential cofounder?
How do I create a first customer?
I have a startup idea, but I am alone and I don't have a team. How can I hire someone to build my team and how can I trust someone else for my startup?
Does having an invoicing software supplier also supplying the payment gateway and the merchant account make them more attractive as a supplier?
What OpenCourseWare do you suggest for a software developer starting his own startup?
If I have an interesting and well tested idea, how do I negotiate with IT engineers?
Firefield's Jeremy Sewell wrote a thought-provoking blog post on the lessons to be learned from failure and how to best utilize those lessons. What are your thoughts on how this line of thinking applies to your industry?
What is the best way to find early-adopters for my Business-to-Business product, that is not finished or near perfect yet?
What does your product/software development process look like, as a startup?
What is the best tool to keep track of my startup's KPIs?
What are the best blogs about starting and running a business in the US from abroad?
Where do entrepreneurs get the $40,000-$4,000,000 to buy out their investors/co-founders?
What kind of technical people/skills will I need to start up a B2B Portal from scratch?
How can you perform solid customer development and validate an idea whilst operating in stealth?
How can I lean more about the LendUp API?
How can I create a system to test my product ideas before launch?
What are some different ways to build a startup other than the lean method?
Is it a good idea to start my own marketing business alone at age 20, when there are a lot of companies in my country doing the same thing? How can I be different?
I have designed an eCommerce booking engine. I will be launching a corporate website and then I will be developing an MVP (minimum viable product). What CMS should I use?
Assume you are new to the world of entrepreneurship. What questions will be the most pressing on your mind?
Marketing: What is an effective way to ask how much a target market is willing to pay for a product during cold calls/ interviews before development begins?
I have sellers. How do I market my car classified startup to attract buyers?
My business is failing. What steps do I take to figure out whether or not it's me, my service quality, or my business model that's failing?
How do I get funds for my early stage startup in India?
Are there any templates or best practices available for sending emails to potential customers in order to validate startup ideas?
What marketing channels are the most effective for reaching small businesses—10-50 employees in size, to be more specific?
My mobile app company (2 people) made $500k in revenue and $100k in profit (after salaries) in its first year. How can I sell it for $5 million?
Are there any consulting firms or organizations who help to build a startup?
Did Quora have a MVP? What was it testing? How?
I am trying to understand the intent of people looking for minimum viable products, or MVPs. What kind of issues are people looking to solve when they are looking for an MVP?
How can I fall in love with my startup again and overcome all the negative feelings brought from the struggle of product-market-fit and traction, too much drama with my co-founder, the need to raise capital, and the frustration of being the CEO?
What is tapdaq?
Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking Venture Capital. (see ref) What should entrepreneurs, founders, startup CEOs do instead?
How do you get over the loneliness of being a tech entrepreneur?
Is it possible to make standard iOS app a profitable startup?
We got invited to CollisionConf (May, 2015) in downtown Las Vegas. According to their website, we will get a free booth for one day. Is this a good event to attend for a pre-revenue startup?
How can you have better sleep habits while founding a startup?
Which test cases management web tools for QA are recommended for a lean startup?
What tools do you use to keep your business organized?
What is the most cost effective method for budgeting for a startup?
How does LeanGap compare with LaunchSummer?
What should I do if I want to create a start-up but have no technology background?
I'm starting an Advertising startup . Looking for enthusiastic and hardworking people in Mumbai. (Marketing/Sales/Tech). Where can I find them easily?
How can I best use 75$ on Google AdWords?
What is the minimum amount to invest in a startup?
What are the benefits of lean production?
After a week of tweaking my landing page, the bounce rate from my Google text ad is still nearly 90% and the clicks aren't cheap. I'm assuming my ad is attracting users with low commercial intent. What should I do?
Which are the billing or invoice software used by major retail chains in India, like Chroma, Big Bazzar, Reliance, etc.? And do these software provides API's to integrate with other applicatiions?
Who are the best European VC funds in SaaS?
Is Facebook the best way to market a tshirt selling startup?
Why is agile development faster than lean startup?
Shall I create business model canvas instead of busienss plan for my startup?
What are some high profile attempts at using the lead startups model that have resulted in failure?
I need to classify didactic content directed to entrepreneurs to create a curated content platform for internal use. How can I do it?
When working with a startup that is financially struggling, is it possible to negotiate for the use of specific intellectual property instead of equity or cash compensation?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What is the fastest way to build MVP for web-based application?
What information needs to be added to the privacy policy of a website that uses heat maps for web analytics?
Assuming execution is worth far more than an idea, is The Lean Startup concept of testing an idea fundamentally flawed?
What is the difference between a roadmap and a release plan?
Startup Advice: What is your opinion about an app where people would be able to find out who is on their flight/airport and network with them?
Where can I find an email database of startups and SMEs?
Where can I learn Lean methodology? Are there different methodologies for different domains? Should I go to a school to learn or can I learn online?
How much will it cost me to develop a telecom customer service like Justdial?
What is it like to work at NewsCred?
If you were to choose 3 businesses in the U.S that are huge opportunities to bring overseas, what would they be?
Is there a way to validate the idea in this space without over-spending money? (read question detail)
How do I raise $200K from investors as an early capital investment?
How can I make networks with great people?
Is it foolhardy to have developed nearly a dozen product ideas and a dozen minimum viable products and to run market tests for each prototype concurrently? What are the potential benefits/pitfalls to such an approach?
What does a UK citizen need to do in order to move to Silicon Valley and become a tech entrepreneur?
Product Marketing: What does "positioning" really mean?
I have a startup idea and I also have developed a basic structure of the app. What should be the next moves?
How can I convince Google that it needs to develop my idea about employee motivation and process optimization in companies based on LEAN?
What are the best freemium resources and services a College Entrepreneur should consider while building their first startup with little to no cash?
Which are the best ways for minimizing taxes in Italy?
What are some highly in demand services (both business and consumer oriented) in this and possibly next year?
What are the ways to sign an IT outsourcing contract between a client and a company without travelling?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
How do you measure interest or desire when showing a high fidelity prototype with tools like marvel and invision?
Exactly what is NutraHer Lean?
Is lean startup working for startups adressing the Enterprise market?
What is your process of contacting industry experts, when validating a potential problem for building a startup?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
I am looking to launch a startup, but I want to plan it in such a way so that I can hire a CEO as soon as things are setup and some form of process is in place. Is this possible?
I have a high net worth network  and am working on an idea for a startup that will disrupt.How can I use my resources to fundraise and execute fast?
What are the pros and cons of using Rackspace as a startup?
Do you believe on the paradigm of quick growth or death for new software companies?
How would college graduates feel about working for a founder who is younger and never went to college?
How can I incentivize recruiters to make an introduction to decision makers I need to interview for customer discovery and idea validation?
What are examples of famous startups that went very lean (i.e. followed closely the key idea of the Lean Startup Methodology)?
What kind of system can be applied to assure honesty from the employees?
How big should be the launch for the first version of our social app startup?
Should I find a random co-founder through friends (with the below knowledge) or should I continue by my own?
How was SnapChat pitched to investors in the early days? How can a free app guarantee monetary return in their investor's investment?
What survey questions can I ask users to understand if the published content engages/works for them?
What behavioral aspects should you look for in a co-founder?
How can I apply Lean Techniques in a classroom innovation process? I'm talking about layouts and technology that could be applied.
Does lean startup also applies to the building, engineering and infrastructure?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Why has no one started a lean, mobile-first bank with good customer service?
What is your companies new employee reading list?
What is your experience using contentmarketer.io?
Is it good to take college freshers as the first team member for a tech startup that requires extensive amount of planning and programming?
How angel investors value a "Streaming Television Channel Startup" in angel investment round?
What are the fundamentals of written proposals for software projects?
What are some reliable SAAS technologies to moniter, audit and hold accountable for your virtual employees?
How do I decide what level of signup conversion is good for a new social network?
What are some good ways to keep spammers away from a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is the best way for an aspiring entrepreneur to start when you have no business background and are not sure where to start?
How important it is for young entrepreneurs to have a mentor?
Would you like to help us optimize a tool directory for professionals and businesses?
Young Entrepreneurs: Is an incubator/accelerator the best route for someone straight out of college with few resources trying to start an Internet company?
We just launched a landing page MVP test for mock sales and are running ads on it. If nobody buys, how will I learn what we did wrong, given the variability of the keywords, ads and landing page content?
What are the best ways to develop communities around a web product?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, what can I learn right now in just 10 minutes that could be useful for the rest of my life?
What is the business model of Freight Bazar?
What are the things I should consider when I "get out of the building" when testing an MVP?
What is lean production?
What are some examples of good partnerships that subscription box companies use for offline channels?
How do you use the information in books such as, "The Lean Startup," to actually become successful in real life?
Is a 0.4% conversion from sent emails to closed deals good enough for outbound sales campaigns?
What features and capabilities would small business owners like to see in a "perfect" software package to run your small business?
How do you go about building and structuring a startup incubator?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
What are the best companies for an entry-level iOS developer position in the Greater Boston Area?
What are some good ways to get revenue from startup?
Why do I absolutely hate listening to the audiobook "Lean Startup"?
I developed an app on a unique idea but have failed to get any recognition yet. What are some ways to approach more users asking them to try my app?
Why did Eric Reis release the worst prototype possible in the Lean Start-up with IMVU?
Does a solution like Elance (Upwork) make sense if it was just for one niche/industry?
What is the most fair method to compensate startup advisers?
Should I offer free memberships for early customers when launching a startup?
Startups: When is it time to quit?
What are good startup ideas for 2016?
What has better odds: becoming a consistent day trader or running a profitable startup?
How do I become a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP)? How many days do I need to get this MVP tag in my name as a normal DBA?
What is trystorming in Lean?
How can I trademark my exercises?
What amount of revenue is required for a healthy exit for a startup in an industry that is worth tens of billions?
What small and simple business can I have to substitute for a part time job while I study?
What are the most important Venture Capital firms in the United States that a startup founder should consider for venture funding?
Could you suggest books about building a billion dollar unicorn startup?
What should you do if you have 2 to 3 ideas to validate and you need to settle on one quickly?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams working in corporations?
What should I do if my goal is to work for myself/own my own business?
Have any startups raised money in a down round and then gone on to become successful?
Where can I lean metalsmithing?
Startups: Can greedy employers succeed?
Which Business Model Canvas tools did Stanford, Berkeley and Columbia students in Steve Blank's class use?
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the civil engineering industry?
Can I collect investment from investors via Paypal Mail Order?
We have an MVP, market traction, $600k ARR, $1mm in capital. Should we seek VC or continue at it alone?
Are there any websites where you can find entrepreneurship mentors for college students for free?
Are there any SaaS companies that charge extra for support, or for a "priority support" tier?
How do I know if the idea that I’m testing is good?
For what types of startups does "customer development" not work very well?
What are the creative ways of branding?
Can you give someone equity vested after a milestone and then cofound with them and give them more equity vested over 4 years?
What are some interesting startups from Japan?
As a startup founder, how do you organise content that might be useful or you can take action on later?
What is the best project management tool for customer development?
What are some smart ways to do customer development for a successful startups?
How do I get my startup to move at lightning speed?
Is it necessary for a start-up to get acquired or go public?
After creating my MVP with how many people should I share it?
What are the experiences of British people starting up in America?
What are the success rates of following the lean startup model?
What is the best way to network in a startup/venture community when you are broke?
What are some examples of waste in the design phase of a new product?
What role do agile/scrum play in the lean startup?
If you're interested in entrepreneurship/startups, and you're going to law school, how would you spend your next two years?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
How effective is it to ask businesses about their pain points in order to get a SaaS idea?
When Adam D'Angelo built Quora, Did he work more as a Web Designer (Frontend Dev) or Web Developer (Backend Dev)?
Where and how on Quora can I find a good professional graphic designer willing to join me as a co-founder for my start-up in Mumbai?
I'm looking for recent Swiss start-ups related to the travel/tourism industry. What are some suggestions?
I've built a landing page to introduce my startup, now what?
Do you agree with our CEO's perspective: Death by Documentation: How excessive planning can sink software?
Is it possible for the board to fire the entire founding team in a startup?
What are some free ways to launch and announce a new startup?
What startup methodology may be applicable to a variable team of less than 10 located in as many time-zones?
I've read about running lean, I believe it lets a lot of holes in the startup's marketing, do you agree or not and why?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What are the most in demand "service businesses" this year?
Should I accept 17% equity?
What do student startups mostly need?
What do people think about the statement being made at the UC Berkeley career center?
What legal documents do I need to start a small online business (partnership)?
What types of companies and products would be best served under the "lean startups" management model?
How would you go for creating a single landing page that features one subscription based product?
How do I get access to the database of products that a chain sells?
What are ways to motivate employees to care about efficiency without a burning platform?
What is the meaning of a lean period?
What is some "new" consumer or business market or demand which will likely emerge very soon - like within this or next year?
What is a lean startup exit?
What are the world's best places to launch a new startup and why?
I have a marketplace of 4 months with over 1.5k registered people who can deliver service within 80 cities. The point is, those people have to go inside the client's home/office. So how can I scale my startup with safety?
Would it be possible to systematize "pain point discovery" through a web site where people can describe their individual pain points or well known pain points in their respective industry, niche, etc.?
Who are Align Today's competitors?
How can I turn the disadvantage that I'm from Europe (not physically present in the US) into advantage when I want to launch a startup in the US?
Do you think it is important for the CEO of a SAAS or BAAS company to know how to code?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who started a startup with just a loan?
Are there too many rules around startups and VC financing?
For a literature review on business pivots. What synonyms should I use?
What are some general growth frameworks applied by early stage startups?
I spend a portion of the day promoting my business on Twitter but I get the feeling everyone is just following everyone else to no benefit. Where instead online should I spend that time for my business instead of Twitter?
Does applying to YC or other accelerators early on (during alpha or beta) mean you give up a lot more of your company?
Are there a list of cases about startups achieving product market fit?
Is there a need for a website that helps entrepreneurs?
Is participative management linked to lean manufacturing?
I have an good startup idea and potential to make it work. Now what? Where do I start? What should be my next step?
How could the distribution of shares in my company affect my chances of getting funding at a later stage?
What are some business ideas for a computer literate Canadian?
Is there "find people" app in the market that doesn't access Contacts on the phone?
Parse Announces Shutdown (January 2016): How long would it take to build an app like Uber/Airbnb with no knowledge of app development?
What is your minimum viable product in a financial startup?
How much time (months) on average will it take for a startup to receive funds once a business angel hears your pitch and expresses interest in the USA, in Europe, in Asia, in Latin America, and  the rest of the world?
What is something you believe will not change in 10 years?
Is a prototype for a startup enough to validate a product?
How much equity shall I share with my partners for a start-up? (see details)
What is the best way to tell why a startup has not raised heavy investment?
Daniel Ek: How did you came with the idea and how long did it take to build the first MVP?
What good startups currently use the Lean Startup methods and are hiring?
How can we promote Business Incubation itself as a business? What would be the salient pillars of a for-profit Business Incubation firm?
How do I find local businesses where I can implement lean principles?
What web-based tools exist to develop business models and track lean startup experiments?
What are some startups that we can do without money?
Are there any good alternatives to BetaList and Earlibird?
How do you carry out proper split tests?
What does it mean to lean on someone?
How did Aaron Patzer build Mint all by himself?
Can equity vest and still be dilutable?
If you didn’t need to worry about money, what would you do for the rest of your days and why?
How can I add a social component to online grocery shopping?
When is it viable to only distribute income to content producers after startup expenses have been covered?
Working on a marketplace startup app and need to hire sales people who will call clients for supply side. Hire outright or use freelancers (Fiverr) ?
Why aren't there many disruptive startups in traditional industries?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
Is it ethical to moonlight as a start-up advisor?
How do I write a straight forward but detailed marketing plan to show my investor?
Where can I find a screenshot of the original Zappos MVP webpage?
What did Rocket Lawyer use as its first minimum viable product?
What are the best ways to validate a product idea before creating a landing page?
How do you get over someone close to you doubting your tech startup?
What's a good PR strategy for a lean startup?
What skills should an entrepreneur be focusing on learning as his product is being developed?
What is the best advice for struggling entrepreneurs?
How can I gain lean muscle if I cannot afford lean sources of protein?
What was Drizly's MVP?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
What is the best framework for a beginning programmer to build an MVP?
Are there any startups in connecting the crushers/mining firms marketplace in India/the world?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Where do I find programmers to start IT outsourcing company?
If the series True Detective was a Minimal Viable Product (MVP), is its overwhelmingly positive reception evidence that a 2-3 hour movie based on the show would do well in theaters?
Is Heroku and mLab the best and cheapest services to host Parse Server once an app starts growing and costing money?
How do I participate in Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
How do you help clients define a segment without being insensitive?
How can I earn money if I keep 5% of each payment made by course owner and Stripe or Paypal take about 3% of each payment?
Are freelancers as effective as permanent staff for a startup?
How significant is networking in entrepreneurship?
What's the max number of experiments to run at any given time?
What do you think about paying people who you've interviewed for customer development?
Innovation: What are the best examples of people or organisations using "speed hacks" to reduce the time from idea to reality? How did they do it?
What are the reasons that so many tech-startups start in California?
How do I think of an idea that will generate $1 million in 12 months?
If you want to invest in a basket of the most solid tech companies like Amazon, what fund would you recommend?
What have been the best growth startups for 2014?
What's the origin of the line "the most expensive code is in software that's never used"?
I think Lean Startup is great and I also like many of the principles in Stage-Gate. Does anyone have examples or case studies of successful deployments?
I have never built an app before. How can I achieve proof of concept (MVP, Lean approach) without spending a lot of money?
Can I get accepted into an accelerator and then apply for a tourist visa?
How is Uber managing 55 countries (with about 300 cities) with just 850 employees while Olacabs needs more than 2000 employees to manage 70 cities in one country?
How would you validate your startup idea, if your startup was Twitter?
During an interview, if asked to "create a product and white board it," how would you go about it?
What does air 1 in CA IPCC get?
How did the leading MOOC platforms approach the 'chicken & egg' problem of attracting students v. instructors?
I am a Full Stack Developer with a CS background and very limited finance knowledge. How do I build a Lean FinTech startup?
Do you think that startups hire guys more than girls?
What software do SaaS companies with mobile apps (multiple sales channels) use to keep track of core financial metrics?
How do founders with an idea go about finding if it is the best product market fit or not?
Do SaaS companies typically compensate their sales reps the same for upsells to existing customers as they do for new business?
Do law firms that have deferred payments for startups hold the founders personally liable to pay all fees incurred if the startup goes south?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What are innovative business model of selling grains, taking from farmer and deliver it to end-user in India?
I want to test my app with students hence just .edu ending emails because our target is college students. How will this affect development? What positive and negative influences can this have?
What stats can I use to convince an investor about my business' scalability?
I am a start up outsourcing my software development. What should I do to avoid getting screwed over?
How do you encourage developers to innovate in a lean startup when you have to move fast?
Where can I find a good but affordable colour palette designer for a web-based social network in MVP state?
Is there a Bootstrap theme that supports user-generated campaigns/pages?
How does a startup handle operational tasks such as accounting, payroll, and legal?
What is the lean startup Hashtribe all about?
How can I grow my IT Innovation Department with 600 employees into excellence and not into mediocrity?
Is there an app/tool to do innovation accounting?
Startups: I rejected a $50k seed investment in my tech startup. Did I make the right choice?
How do startup boards and their seats work and how does a CEO set themselves up to retain control of the board when incorporating?
How do I get all details about the startup I joined?
How do you manage the supply chain of a startup when you are a full-time traveller?
How can we adopt the lean startup concept in governance and public administration?
How did studios like Palantir, Thoughtbot, Originate get started?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What is the best way to develop apps and protect your product idea? Offshore with developers in India or with a local based company in Germany?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What do you guys think about Skillogie, the startup that offers you the opportunity to learn by experiencing life in someone else's shoes?
What should I know about doing business in your country as an entrepreneur?
How does one get to minimal viable product without a team?
I am in the process of creating a service that allows travel agents to book for their customers. I have one major competitor. How do I compete?
Should I wait to have a child if I am a male in the early 30s and just started a startup company?
How do I calculate advertising revenue for startups?
What are the key marketing positions required for a tech startup for a consumer based product (target age group 18-35)?
How do I start a kickstarter while still working on my prototype?
How do you tactically plan for a pivot?
How do I find a UK-based lawyer who knows how to structure a startup?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
Is it possible to run a multi million dollar mobile app without having a single employee?
What are some of the most inspiring books for software entrepreneurs?
I am planning on developing a marketing app for restaurants. Basically, it will be a single platform for restaurants to link to all social media. Should I charge restaurants to use this platform?
Is it a good idea to creat Google products portal On this domain name? Howigoogle.com
What does Gravity4 do? What is their business model?
What suggestions would you like to give to the early age startups who are lacking traction?
What are the challenges that a food startup has to face?
If I wanted to start a religion, which start-up methodologies should I adhere to? Lean startup? Zero to One?
In lean manufacturing, what is the alternative tool for value stream mapping?
How does one select a mobile app development company keeping a balance between cost and quality?
How do I do customer discovery?
How do I immerse myself in Scrum?
How does an acquirer encourage a founder for 2 years to stay in the company?
I've raised $4k of my $50k goal on Kickstarter with 33 days left. Getting only 1 backer a day now. I have no money for advestising of any sorts and my personal network is small. Is my campaign salvageable?
How important is MVP for a startup?
What are the lean principles?
For consumer web startups what is a good retention percentage? 25% 50%? 75?
Jason McCabe Calacanis: When do you guaranteed minimum incomes could become a viable idea?
Is there a good referral strategy for an SMS-based product?
Where can I find bloggers to invite them to write about my startup, which is related to Geotagged videos?
Should I publish my not-so-well written but working web app now or rewrite it and publish in 6 months?
Why do some products pick up traction so fast and others not?
What is the cheapest option to use parse server with for a mobile app (aws elastic beanstock, heroku, mongodb, etc.)?
What is an MVP (minimum viable product)?
From a founder's perspective of multimillion users web app, what technical HR/aspects shall we consider from having 100 to 1 000 000 users?
What online tools have helped you the most as an entrepreneur/startup founder?
What does a lean consultant do?
Scrum (product development): Are there any new books on creating best products and approaches which could be useful for Agile environment?
Will big fishes (companies/startups) keep on eating the small fishes?
Is there any difference between a one-pager and an executive summary?
My employer told me not to write unit tests so we could release software faster. Is he right?
Where is the best startup ecosystem in Europe?
What are 0$ startups which survived?
As a startup, how do you build a relationship with a Japanese large corporate?
What are the approaches to increase user signup?
What's the key difference about small business success vs. venture-backed unicorns?
Where can I find a comprehensive and international list of Teal organizations?
At what point should you create a company bank account and start with quickbooks/accountant for your startup?
How do you release a MVP that you personally find inadequate then charge customers for it?
Should I find investors or save money to fund my new software start-up venture?
What are some questions to ask first time visitors to your redesigned product page?
Where is the cheapest living space to rent and with a reliable internet connection (England)?
What metrics would be the most important to measure for startups that gather leads online and deal with SMS, email and phone enquiries?
Is spending time building scalable architecture for a new product (MVP) considered premature optimization?
Could Blank and Ries have prevented 50% of these startup failures?
How do you make a cheap lean?
What are creative ways to increase user installations for a video streaming app besides partnerships?
Can the implementation of lean production involved functional areas outside of operations?
Where can I find shared SaaS license?
Where can I find someone to advise for my startup?
Will skill India campaign really empower Indian youth?
Is it a good idea to think of ideas for a startup that encompass a growth hack?
Are there new start-up founders on Quora searching for co-founders?
What are some key elements of success when starting a dropshipping business?
Which successful and stable startups did an exit from startup events (such as startup weekend, Grind)?
What can entrepreneurs do to increase their chances of success?
Can Facebook be a part of the lean startup?
Why has Google failed at so many projects (not quickly)? Why don't they validate a concept before investing massive time and resources in it?
What books are a must read for lean principles other than 'The Lean Startup'?
Should our MVP have good test coverage?
What does the perfect e-commerce engineering team look like at different stages of startup development?
How do I learn about startups?
Startups: What are some unique things people expecting when choosing a packages for travel and tours?
Where do you learn how to build a startup?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What are the differences between the traditional product lifecycle and the Lean Startup lifecycle?
What are alternative theories for Business Model Canvas?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What is an example of a company that based its business model on a reduced time-to-market in research, and short lead-time manufacturing?
Mentors and Mentoring: Why is it so incredibly important to know thyself in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
What industries/markets will be the keys to make the next wave of entrepreneurs, Gen Y, wealthy and successful?
What is the ideal niche or target audience for a love card startup?
What to do when you have only a plan and not an MVP?
What is a day like for a startup founder when the company is at its infancy, 6 months old, 1 year, and 3 year old?
What does an Employee Value Proposition look like?
How do you create a legal contract that will increase the amount of equity I earn over time working at a startup?
Systems rather than goals has a lot in common with Lean Startup and with Scientific Method? How do you see the relationship?
Do most people start hedge funds by themselves, without a cofounders?
How do I login to IMVU?
Is there an online business that I can start in $1? Can it fetch profits in 1 hour?
Should I get corporate experience before building my own startup?
What are some great sites I need to be a part of?
Do you need to get a corporate credit card right after incorporating a startup for expenses?
Why are so few people/teams founding startups to solve ocean problems?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How do you test products within your network of friends and family?
What are top conferences and events tech entrepreneurs should consider attending?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What are good sites or forums for startups in India?
I have a startup concept that I'd like to create an MVP for. Since I don't have an engineering co-founder (yet), and want to move quickly on this, what are some thoughts about using a contractor such as one found on oDesk to create it?
What are good books, templates or other resources you'd recommend for getting micro projects up and running quickly?
What were your favourite talks of the Lean Startup Conference SF 2014 and why?
What are the lean marketing ways in which a startup can be promoted?
What would be a round figure of money or percentage of equity for what a growing software platform business would white-label for?
How do you search for a customer pain online?
What is the best way to rapid prototype in virtual reality?
What are the most powerful lessons you've gained from startup?
How do I collect money for my startup idea?
Are serial entrepenuers equally as passionate about all of their projects?
Can you recommend Clerky from your experience with them in incorporating your startup and other legal needs?
What if the MVP for my idea is too expensive?
Why did HighScore House fail?
If you have a worldwide idea is it better to start it locally or start it in the US?
How can you find a tech team for your startup idea when you have no money to pay them?
How could a graduate mechanical engineer best put their skills to use to start a business?
My startup does revenue of $100M a year. What would my company be valued at?
Is it reasonable to expect to take over 10% of a market?
How would you apply the Lean Startup's feedback loop to a hardware startup?
Why do venture capital funded startups fail more often than bootstrapped startups?
What are the critical factors the entrepreneurs should focus on during their transition from seed stage or pre series A to Series A funding level?
What five simple steps can we suggest for a poor family (with no or little earnings) to help them detect a simple small business opportunity which can be later donor-funded?
How can a tech startup bring best practices from classic Lean Six Sigma (process excellence - eliminate Muda) into their office without the cost of hiring a Lean expert?
What is some feedback on www.spreetree.org?
How do you write a company profile for an early stage startup?
What information must be disclosed by startups while they are still private?
What are examples of implementing Lean startup to R&D business?
Where do the best ideas come from?
How many experienced advisors should a start up founder have?
Why did Demandware do so well despite Digital River being there?
Is there a clause that can be added to an incorporation agreement that says a founder's stock allocation (common/preferred stock) cannot be diluted?
How does Product Hunt generate revenue and/or cover its operating expenses?
What is the best experiment tracking tool? How do you measure your tests?
Is the lean startup really applicable to a big corporation? If so, what are the key points? Are there specific tools available?
Why should a very successful company invest in a new landing page if they are already successful? What purpose would the landing page serve?
What questions should I be able to answer about my market if looking to start a company?
What features does an orbital space colony minimum viable product have? What does it do without?
What is the backstory on the Collision Conference in Vegas being held at the same times as TechCrunch Disrupt in NYC?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Would a target customer prefer a business model value proposition which addressed a pain point or which created a gain?
What is lean process for improvement?
How long does it typically take a venture capital fund to respond to a submission?
What can we learn from Startups that have pivoted?
What is one fact about startups that no one will understand unless they've been in a startup?
Is it still viable to open up an entertainment website involving trailers, teasers, news, and reviews?
What critical, currently urgent, unworkable, unavoidable, under-served aviation/aerospace problem to be solved, job to be done, or need to be satisfied can I address now for you?
How do you recruit clients in a lean startup?
Who are the best early/seed stage fashion and e-commerce investors for a Philippines-based startup?
How can I find a co-founder for my platform?
How can I implement a lean strategy in a bar/café?
How do entrepreneurs get the first customers with no track record of their company?
I have an interview for a startup company program. What advice can you give me?
What is the cost of launching a speciality liquor in the US?
How do you determine whether a lean startup should be a proprietorship, LLC or Corporation/Inc. company?
What are some of the weirdest or poor business strategies which went on to become successful?
How much money can you make by organising Startup Grind event?
What are some 'lean startups' that people have made successful?
What are some web/mobile product companies in INDIA that have grown organically without spending a lot on advertising, marketing or PR?
When approaching a VC, how do I prove that we need their money if our product (website/app) is built and working already?
I am looking to launch a product for traditional travel agencies in an emerging market (B2B). Will the valuation be a multiple of revenue or not?
How do I start a tech startup in a developing country?
When do you apply for a business name and other legal stuff for your startup idea?
Is onboarding an essential component of an MVP?
Do I have to be a programmer to establish a mobile app startup?
Can digital agencies practice Lean Startup?
How do you explain growth hacking concepts to non-marketing gal?
What are some Internet companies that could be started which would help benefit some large group of people in some way?
What books/documentaries/movies can you recommend for an entrepreneur?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing and lean start up?
What is your favorite startup and why?
Is any major start-up event taking place in Mumbai, India where aspiring entrepreneurs can network, learn, and look for investors and co-founders (tech and non-tech)?
Can I replicate a company like Google/Microsoft in my country?
How do you feel when your employee steals your clients? How can we protect it?
What does it take to succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
What is the difference between lean startup and rapid prototyping methodologies?
Where can I find a mentor or co-founder from a tech background to help me make a business plan?
Is it important to get a startup lawyer in the city you are looking to raise investment in instead of where you geographically are located?
Aspiring Multimillionaires: how closely should you study, research and look into the "lean startup?"
What are some GIS/ big data businesses one could start?
What expertise does every start-up need?
What is the best state to register a global startup?
What advise do you have for starting and mantaining a product based company. What are some good resources for further study?
What are the best ways to set up a high performance team for a startup?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
What are challenges faced by entrepreneurs in using data for building and growing a successful company?
What kind of revenue model a Food/Beverages startup can follow?
How is lean startup effective and efficient?
How can I create a website like Tinder?
Where can I find Jimmy Wales' and/or Marc Bodnick's public opinion on lean startup philosophy (from Eric Ries book)?
Is the Lean Startup approach a good way to decide upon a career?
Are the initial days of a startup lonely?
What type of businesses arise/can you start due new free trade agreements?
Does the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) mentality work for hardware startups? If so, what is the best example of an MVP released for a hardware product?
How do I buy a laptop for my startup?
What don't you do that make you different from other competitors?
What is a startup's "traction"?
Should I join a startup as a 1099 employee or W2 employee?
Which of these three options will provide the best training for a future young entrepreneur, who does not have any prior work experience?
What are some startup ideas for a web developer in India?
How was WhatsApp able to create and grow a successful product with such a lean team?
Did you ever catch a great (startup) idea when you were trying to get one?
What are some key things you should be doing during the launch week of a new startup?
For someone who has a solid career working for startups, is an MBA important or a waste of time?
How can I design a cheap and quick experiment or MVP to test whether farming businesses are actively seeking better soil management practices?
How do people survive financially after quitting their job and pursuing the entrepreneur route of a startup?
How do entrepreneur sell startup?
Can you provide the exact method/model you used to put a valuation on an early stage startup? How did the founder/angel respond?
Would you use an application that turned your social media into a recruiting tool?
Is choosing the right partner for a start-up a matter of differences or similarities?
What are the pitfalls of adapting lean startup in big companies.?
What percentage of startups promote themselves on AngelList?
What type of monitoring do people need?
What do you think about travel startup Flymble.com?
What are some tools for managing and analyzing customer interviews or focus groups output?
How to work on personal projects, and avoiding all possible IP problems with current company (UK)?
When designing an app to look good on each phone, does screen size matter along with resolution?
Does there exist a job in business and entrepreneurship where one simply generates innovative, original and promising business ideas?
What (new concepts) would you recommend a B2C publisher?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
Do you have problems on creation MVP of your idea?
I have a unique new product that will surely turn into a company. I want to do a Kickstarter campaign but I have no more capital and my personal network is really small. What should I do?
What are the Lean methods that I can recommend my management of a Mid-size agrochemical company?
How much money should founder take from startup?
What are some cool applications of lean startup ideas in real life other than business?
Which start-ups started with a small niche and incrementally developed ideas for bigger markets?
I have $10K, a startup idea and some anecdotal customer validation in the FinTech space. Do I invest in more research or an MVP?
My startup is a marketplace app. What is the recommended amount to include in budget for marketing using facebook?
What is the best strategy for hiring talented software engineers straight out of college?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
Do lean startup principles have a place in the enterprise?
We are all set to launch our service but an international competitor has tapped the same market. What will you suggest us in such situation?
Should I incorporate in China instead of in Hong Kong? Why or why not?
My grades are bad because I do nothing for School. I work way harder at self education and try to create an app. Do I have to worry about my future?
What are the pros and cons of offering a totally open demo of my SaaS product?
Who are the most active Angels / VC's on Quora?
What are some reasons to quit a job and start our own business or startup?
Are there any truly successful startups who used the lean startup methodology?
CFOs, controllers and finance-savvy CEOs and founders: What are some must-read blog posts and articles you've come across lately that pertain to your work?
Are Lean and Six Sigma approaches used by environmental consultants with their clients, or within their own agency?
Do you need a team to bring your startup into an accelerator or can you go alone?
What does "full stack" mean?
What is the impact of lean digital going to be?
How would you successfully test a prototype that works with beacons that rely on 2 sides: one for business, which is a dashboard, and another for end-users, which is a mobile app?
I read an article in the WEEK Magazine that the novel "C + Plus Doctor Thepla" encourages India's start-up culture. Is that so? Who has written it?
Does anyone has a good source of useful information all in one file which documented everything about running a web based startup?
How can I further market my marketplace startup that connects businesses with billboard owners?
How can I found an airline in India if I don't have much money?
How many programmers from developing countries think they have incredible talent in coding but are unable to find a co-founder that can match their talent?
What are some of the answers that successful startups have given to the famous Peter Thiel question?
What are some opinions on the development of a Lean and repeatable Real Estate team model with a command/headquarters office?
What are the pros & cons of private investors vs venture capitalists for a startup?
Any reference or suggestion for developing personalized item recommendation for eCommerce application?
What are some additional features and functions you wish AngelList had that it doesn't have now?
Canada vs Berlin, which startup hub is better to get initial rounds of funding, overall tech talent and ease of business?
I have an idea for a startup. My friends think it is great but none of them is ready to work with me. Where do I get a team?
Is it a good idea to have $1 Kickstarter reward?
How should we describe our startup when applying to an accelerator?
What are the startups that we wish existed?
What are the advantages of Business Model Canvas over the traditional business plan?
I am creating a web app to streamline the use of online project management tools by connecting them together in one dashboard so you can avoid tab overload, resetting passwords and disorganization. Is this something people would use?
What if your app, web or mobile, grows unexpectedly and you have no money to handle it?
Which approach is better: developing an MVP before the customer development process or after the customer development process?
What is the most common annoying/problematic thing that an investor usually meets at tech entrepreneurs/startups pitching for investment?
Is it okay to focus on my startup and eventually leave my 30 lakh p.a. job at TCS
Can you copyright a single word? How would you do it?
How do I become an awesome marketer so that I can use that knowledge for a future startup? What stuff do I need to know to achieve it?
Why do so many people ignore Lean Startup methodologies and Customer Development?
Are there any interesting startups working with Bayesian networks?
Is it true that if you spend too much time working for someone else, you won't figure out what your own lean startup will do?
How can I optimize the resources by using both cad data as well as lean manufacturing?
How can I validate customer data from the web?
What are examples of nice things you can do to your trainee at a startup?
What tools do you use to organize feedback from customer development interviews?
How did you go from an idea in your brain to creating a real company? What are the practical steps you took? The plan, strategy, first sale etc.
Who is Stew Garner of LifeLogger (LOGG)?
How do I sell limited edition diaries/journals?
What is the latest news about the EB-6 Startup Visa? Should we expect a bill in 2015?
What is an example of of a startup who failed because the problem existed but the customer was not aware of the problem?
How can a teen start making money in India without investing a big amount?
How lean can a "lean start-up" really be, if success is to be a realistic possibility?
What is lean angle?
What's the most cost-effective platform for tracking unique monthly viewers with precision?
Lean Startups: Is there any technical writing application which is useful for a small startup firm?
How does the loss of the company get borne by the founders if the seed funding was from incubators or angel investors?
What can we extrapolate from Uber's increasing revenue losses?
Regarding http://www.advicetalk.net. Is the idea clear to you as a visitor?  How would you attract sellers/coaches if you were me?
What's the status of requirements engineering researching or theory for software development in the mobile Internet era?
What are the most widely used open source web applications in startups?
How much do you REALLY need to drop ship?
Is it a good idea to join an Accelerator program for a business idea or start with another interested cofounder instead?
How good is the business model canvas for the prediction of future success?
What is the optimal information flow process within startups?
What's the best way to write a legally binding agreement for a start-up?
What are some of the challenges faced by non-American B2B SaaS startups trying to sell to US enterprises?
What advice will you give to first time gymmers trying for a lean body?
Is it possible to take a startup from MVP to 100M revenue in a year?
When is the right time to stop running a tech business from home and take it to the next level? ( build a team, office etc.? )
What is the best type of art for a startup to have on its walls?
I really want to start my startup to solve some challenging problems like the environmental problems we face. Is it possible to do it when I do not have any diploma or degree in these domains and I can only educate myself through books and website?
In Lean Startup, why is pre-selling fake products advocated instead of old, yet effective, survey techniques such as conjoint analysis & Juster scale?
What is it like to be beaten up by venture capitalists?
What is a lean startup coffee?
Why should I hire a software house?
What are some essentials when considering a startup?
What are some factors to consider when finding cost saving potential from a Buyer's perspective?
How do you start an online platform that requires two complimenting parties to come together?
A major gym chain has agreed to allow me to resell their memberships for them. Can I begin negotiations with one of my existing companies?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: Do I need to register the company (as firm or pvt Ltd.) before creating a landing page to validate the idea? Are there any formalities involved?
Experienced Startup Founders and Angels/VCs: your recommendations for employee 1) number, 2) compensation, and 3) budgeting?
How do you approach your last attempt?
What are some clever ways in which you have turned buyers around that originally had a bad impression of you?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
What can you do when you fail to raise Series A after “graduating” from an accelerator?
What is the cheapest way to incorporate a startup as an LLC?
What goes into a business model for a board game?
As a startup founder, I am negotiating a partnership with an small company. What kind of relationship shall I establish and how much equity shall I allocate to them?
Are there employers who deliberately trap you into being unable to leave their company?
Have you bought an email list to sell your SaaS product? Was it worth it?
How could a software company with no revenues, little barriers to entry, and only 12 team members be bought for $100M?
I have a referral code for UBER which should give me free ride when I sign up. But I think I am doing something wrong. Can someone tell me exactly what are the steps? My code is sumanb185ue.
Are any startup accelerators out there using Launchpad Central partially or completely? Are there any low-hanging fruit benefits from the product? Are there any gotchas?
What is MVP?
If you incorporate a startup do you need to hire an accountant right away even if you are pre revenue?
Will Antonio Brown get the MVP? (Most Valuable Player)
What are creative ways that unfunded startups have structured payments for a service contract?
How can someone hire individuals who can go out to local hotspots and convince people to download your app?
How can India become the world's hub of startups even without helping entrepreneurs converting LLPs into Pvt. Ltd.?
What's the most important thing to know about crowdfunding?
What is the interoperability that Eric cries talks about in IMVU history in 'The Lean startup'?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
How would you approach a company to test your MVP?
How can I make a MVP for an educational startup?
What are the benefits of Stamplay vs. Parse server?
What are a few things every startup needs?
Where is it better to conduct online survey targeting tourists with regards to restaurant discovery app?
What is better, to pay for a mentor or to earn a mentor's trust for a new startup?
Can lean startup methodology be applied to a web design startup?
Is it advisable to have a mock sales funnel for an MVP for validation?
At what point after a market introduction is it advisable to seek further investment?
Does BCAA makes you lean?
I'm building an app right now but I'm not doing it for people. What should I do?
How does a company scale?
Blogs: How can I enlist hundreds of blog contributors?
Our tech startup is registered as a Delaware C Corp. We provide a lead generation platform that sources demand for a particular consumer service. Can we create an LLC subsidiary to own the service provider entity that we source demand to? How would this work?
How does a remote PC tech support business works? What are the steps to start this kind of business In India?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
What should I master, algorithms or new technology?
How can I start my business with minimum investment in pharmaceutical retail and wholesale in Solan Himachal?
What are the most promising startups founded in 2016?
Why do so few startups have positions in UX research?
What is the biggest problem with the http://maply.us application?
What clause in termsheet can allow an angel investor to hold on to his shares in a startup even till the stage of IPO without there being a compulsion on him to dilute or cash out? Is there any clause like that at all?
What should I do if my co-founders only contribute marginally just enough to not be asked to leave and to wait until their stocks are fully vested?
What is the honesty curve?
What is the best way to set up an umbrella company in OZ for an online business, knowing full well that you will be incorporating it in a tax haven (Anguilla) within 1 year?
After pitching to 2 investors, they're asking me to handover everything (NDA can be signed), should I do it?
I have a minimal viable product, that hit the market and sold 30 units in its first 3 days, it is the only product of its kind, what should I do?
What qualifies product managers to lead startups more than UX managers?
Which author wants startups to focus on customer traction as a first priority?
How do I determine if a startup is lean or not?
I am entering the sales and services venture in the home decor industry. Shall I start with a sole proprietorship, Pvt Ltd. or LLP? What are other ideas?
Personal Finance: How does a small business make a first sale?
What do aspiring entrepreneurs usually spend their money for? As an experienced entrepreneur, what would you suggest they should purchase instead?
I am starting a business for the first time and have no background in finances. What are some good books and blogs I could consult to learn the key concepts/figures I should master as an entrepreneur?
What's the best way to establish a link to Silicon Valley for non-US resident entrepreneurs?
How do I reach out to prospective program partners?
What are key metrics you must achieve to have success in your current project/enrollment/dream?
When should one search for investment after launching a MVP?
Are Lean startup method and Steve Jobs' method of working on new products completely disjoint with nothing in common?
Are startups/companies that pivot in response to investor feedback more successful? If so, by how much compared to those that don’t?
If my startup sells loans, what kind of profits can potentially be made?
I have an enormous business idea, how do I make it a reality?
Why is thinking big even with the process detail don’t pay much, but implementing a small thought pays far more?
What are the startups offering summer internship 2016 in Chennai?
What are the best blogs about startup sales?
I have a start up idea, but the problem is that I can't share the idea with people. If I do, will somebody else use that same idea?
How do small startups manage their product design process?
What is your feedback on my startup, Tandem?
How do you validate a product market fit for online analytical service?
What are some good coworking spaces for online startups in Asia, Europe or South America?
What is lean digital?
How much does market size and high profit margin influence valuation?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What are the services WhatsApp outsourcing from outside?
How do fund raising for startups works?
What are the risks and threats when raising more than $100k Angel money for an idea stage startup?
What are the biggest time wasters while building your startup?
How do I get training in customer development?
How do I decide which idea to pursue?
I'm testing mock sales for my startup's MVP with a landing page test. What should happen after the customer clicks the faux-buy button to ensure we are learning from them as fast as possible?
How do I promote a new SaaS-based application?
Me and my friends are creating a online platform (website) to bring all psychologists at one place. How can we create a business plan and better team?
How can I leverage my passion for systems, tooling, and infra into the lean startup I'm about to join?
What is your opinion on C-K theory?
My startup Netlodge.net is doing great, but how do I gain more members? We already have 60,000 Twitter followers.
What's going to be the next big milestone for software products after getting lean?
Is enough being done to encourage lean goals in enterprises?
I have market validation for my startup idea but I am currently unemployed. Do I seek a seed round or get a job and fund it myself?
What are the factors to be considered while choosing technologies for a start up?
How does one go about executing and scaling their startup as FAST as possible?
What is Betterment's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
What does the latest and greatest lean business plan outline for startups look like?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
How do successful entrepreneurs find it in them to stay ON for long periods of time and keep their mind on the end goal?
What roles are needed in an early stage startup?
How can I make a perfect team for my startup?
How do you assemble a business team?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
What are some interesting articles on continually improving process?
Are product/market fit and growth the most important criteria for a VC to consider when investing?
How is new business failure rate calculated?
Identify the key features of the online grocery market that may act as barriers for the adoption of lean principles?
What is wrong with the lean methodology?
As entrepreneurs and founders, when facing a mental breakdown and being stuck without improvement of your business, what activities have you realized that helped you flourish your mind?
Is there a way I can buy users for my startup?
Is it possible to make a successful startup in a completely unknown field?
What are some of the best Startup Quotes?
What is the business model and revenue model for drivers on call services by UrbanClap and other similar startups?
What should a 30/60/90 day plan look like for an incoming VP of sales at a SaaS company with $3M in ARR?
I had an unfinished sales deal with a company. It could not materialize. Can someone help me in breaking the ice with this company?
In what direction do you pivot when you don't have enough data to take a decision?
Our product has managed to get 5 customers with a revenue of 30,000INR in the 1st month. Are we doing good? would it attract investors?
What are examples of online only new consumer product launch?
Is it good to approach multiple investors at the same time in a hope to find the best investor?
How can you use big data technology for analytic in startups to disrupt the market?
How can I submit multiple startup ideas to an accelerator?
How is a company like Hotel Urbano valued? Is it a multiple of revenue?
Which ruby on rails developers or companies in India are looking for a new paid project?
Startup Ideas: How can I get a hold of independent hotel owners to validate my idea?
What is the best framework for startup name generation?
For my first MVP should I build it as an app or a website?
How did Airbnb initially test and validate their hypothesis that people are willing to stay at a stranger's house, and that home owners are willing to rent our their homes to strangers for a day at a time?
What is 5s?
Is it true that Application Development has no scope when it comes to internships as compared to Web Development?
How would the data infrastructure of a startup that wishes to collect user-provided data look like?
Would you be interested in a real-time cloud based solution that analyzes a large amount of open source data and provide strategic and competitive value to a public sector?
What is the business model of Paytm? What is its concept, capability and value?
As a non-technical founder in an internet startup, how should I keep control of the technical stuff so that I don't risk losing anything in the hands of my technical team?
We are an IT startup offering development services and are planning to set up our office in either the San Francisco area or in San Jose. Which should we choose?
Where can you find early stage startups for sale?
I'm on a team developing an app that finds clinical trials for the conditions you have in your area that you are eligible for. Would anyone use such an app if they could get paid to be in a study?
Where can I find a good business plan template for my new startup accelerator?
What are some of the MVPs of companies that went on to become very successful?
How do I invest in startups in the US? Where do I find a list of good startups to invest in?
I run a startup: Airbnb for exotic homemade dishes in Paris. What should I do to distinguish myself from others (delivery startups, restaurants) and make the customers happy?
How robust was the MVP of recent top enterprise software companies (then startups) such as Box, Platfora, ZenPayroll and Twilio?
Who decides the salary for the CEO of a startup, after the startup is quite successful and on road to be a bigger organization?
Is it possible to sell a domain name together with a business plan, logo and social network pages? If so, which service enables this?
What does it mean when a company is making a billion dollars in profit? Is that every year? Or sales altogether?
At what stage should you build a website for your startup?
How do we move our startup idea forward in a poor country?
Platform Validation: Which group of users to cater the validation process to? Consumers or Creators?
What is a CEO's biggest challenge in scaling their business after they have received VC funding?
How can we form a committed group for launching a start-up?
What is an advice for funding an E-commerce startup with unique products and growing customer base?
What do I do about my company's culture of staying late?
How can I discuss pricing with our 100+ beta users when our HR-type software isn't yet built (it's in development)?
What is the lowest equity you have seen for a co-founder at a seed stage?
What are the key responsibilities of the CEO in the early stages of a startup company?
How do you keep your software development productivity/enthusiasm alive in a small (~5 engineers/understaffed) team at a tiny startup?
How does a web-based company that makes a profit off of membership, like Tinder or something similar, that requires a significant membership base in order to be of use to the customer, begin?
Why does a startup have to 'revolutionize' everything? Isn't a startup with incremental change viable?
How can lean startup principles be applied to enterprise non-startup software projects?
How risky is being a VC compared to playing poker?
Is DiziVizi.com a good idea for a startup?
Lean Startup Japan: For startups, what are the best ways to approach the potential early adopters door to door without freaking them out?
How did you build your minimum viable product? What steps did you follow?
What methods are there to keep my direct sales agent with my startup and avoid being taken away by my new competitor?
What percentage of funded startups achieve product/market fit?
Should I bring my own product idea to market or just sell other peoples' products?
What are some example MVPs for a subscription service or ways to validate the product?
If a B2B startup is not getting traction, what is the best way to find out if the problem is the product (UX/UI/features) or a lack of problem-solution fit?
What are the top emerging energy companies focused on solar, smart grid, or battery storage?
I want to build Quora for X. What is the MVP for that?
How can I create buzz for my startup without spending on ads?
What small business can I start in Lima, Peru with $3,000 dollars?
Why did Alexander Samwer never have any interviews or speak in public?
What can governments learn from Lean Start up the methodology?
What is the average cost of launching a SaaS web-startup?
How do dorm projects reach a size where they serve millions of people, considering the lack of experience of the programmers that created them?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the real estate development industry?
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the building design and architecture industry?
What are the challenges faced by SaaS startups in scaling their product? How do they do that? What technologies do they use?
How would you validate a startup idea online which is similar to Quora but serves a different purpose?
I'm doing a startup, which will clone Tinder but add some new features into it (not major changes). I can outsource or build out my own engineering team. For my own eng team, I've been quoted $100k, with eng in China. Does this sound reasonable?
Where can I find online or near TLV a co-founder or a startup to join as co-founder which believes in the lean startup methodology as the path to success?
What is the single founder startup life?
What's the best resource/book for learning customer lifetime value (LTV) and customer acquisition cost (CAC)?
What problems do most entrepreneurs face today?
An investor said yes to join my advisory board, however he said that I should come back when I have everything ready - then he can look at it. What is he expecting?
How do I maximize the recent media coverage I received on my startup?
Is it reasonable to give a seed investor 51% equity for $1M?
Can a mobile hair salon work, and if so, what are its challenges?
What is the best way to find a technical co-founder for startups in Japan?
Do you agree with Peter Thiel?
How could I create a clothing line by only having items produced when they're ordered?
What is the best way to promote your start-up if your idea is too futuristic and alien for most people?
What does Jason Lemkin think of SaaS companies attacking business processes from the worldview of lean thinking?
What tools do product managers at startups most want integrated?
How do you add social value to a social business? Or vice versa, how do you turn a non-profit into more of a profitable social business?
How/where can I stay updated about the latest startups and their traction?
How can I find marketeers to sell my SaaS application in the USA?
Can a beginner programmer create a viable software product?
What are some risks that a founder should know about IT startups?
Does the investment firm Tiger Global Management have an official website? If not, what is the reason?
What are the best metrics to measure startup growth?
As a 24/7 startup entrepreneur, how do you connect with other people?
Who is better placed to startup and run a business successfully, an expert in something or a jack of all trades?
Why aren't there many disruptive startups in traditional industries?
At what stage should I take my startup into an incubator/accelerator program?
What are the most important benefits of using online software and tools?
How do websites like "Nextbigwhat" earn money?
What is the best free attendance solution for startups to use for their payroll reports?
Should you go through the whole MVP & customer discovery process if you're creating a better, improved product?
What should I do on my 12 hour flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo to become a better tech company founder?
How can I collect online payments for SaaS without processing credit cards?
What business should I start with <$300,000?
Why are so many "good" VCs reluctant to admit to failed investments and boastful about the ones they were lucky on?
I've followed the lean startup method and created some test landing pages and threw up Google AdWords against them. One of them is working out much better than the others. How should I calculate the threshold to conclude it's working?
What do you do with your customer if your customer's competitor buys over your company?
What were the key differentiators between Dropbox and their competition when it first started?
How can a mobile application development services startup get investment?
I am planning to start a startup based on home automation systems. I have also done a prototype of it. Should I take a risk and try out for my startup or should I take up a job?
Who executed the most effective minimum viable product roll-out? And how did they do it?
How important is it to incorporate a company in the idea stage? Did you do it?
I have an idea to start a business that can get as big as WhatsApp. How or what should I be doing to get it rolling in India?
Is equity crowdfunding legal in Netherlands?
What do you think of this statement for building a startup, "outsource early and hire late"?
I'm building a web application while keeping my day job for financial reasons. The problem is, I'm having trouble getting to work on my business when I get home at 7 pm. How do others manage this kind of schedule?
What is a good lean checklist for running your first customer pilot to ensure the right objectives and outcomes are set at the start?
What are some good resources for learning about startup analytics?
When is it worth to "sign someone else's paperwork" in SaaS?
How do I measure how successful my startup idea "MVP/landing page" will be using Google Analytics?
Would a clone of a quick MVP succeed in India if executed properly?
There are so many methodologies: lean, design thinking, agile and systems thinking. From where should I start?
How do I protect a startup from being stolen if I must hire an external individual to assist me with the main 'skeleton' of the business?
What is the best way to structure employment of first few employees of cash-constrained startup that sufficiently incentivizes them but does not allow them to leave with a big chunk of the company if it does not work out?
What are limitations or disadvantages of the lean startup methodology?
How did Slack become the fastest-growing enterprise SaaS?
How do you "keep up" when moving toward starting your company?
What are the core things you look for in a cofounder?
What worker owned cooperatives are operating out of garages and on properties in an urban setting to adopt a lean startup model or an adaptation of asset-based community development?
I made the very first version of a decision-support-system application like Quora. Basically it does the job but people don't understand it. What should I change or do so people will be excited and get it and use it?
Is being an entrepreneur an addiction you can't give up?
In a SaaS company, should the CEO sit with engineering/product, with sales, or with the exec team?
Do SaaS companies typically compensate their sales reps the same for upsells to existing customers as they do for new business?
What are some things to avoid during bootstrapping?
What are early stage analytics startups?
Suppose you have a MVP and, in order to promote it, you use a competitor's platform. Does that give you a bad image?
If I want to build a startup around one of Facebook's features that users use very heavily in many aspects, do I need to validate it?
Why is Peter Thiel not a big fan of the lean startup/MVP movement?
What should I know before starting my e-commerce website?
Should you design a site first and then the logo, or the logo and then the site?
Is there a website where you can pitch startup ideas before you create the plan to see if its viable?
What does an entrepreneur go through from the idea to the IPO?
How does one build a start-up in marketing strategy? What are the difficulties? What are the challenges?
Any particularly good articles on "startup studios" that you would recommend?
What does Lean signify in 'Lean UX'?
Would you use a tool finder?
What are some of the core problems India is facing which can be resolved by a startup?
My cofounder is departing and they agreed to stock repurchases by the company. The purchase price is not defined. How can I estimate the price?
What are the limitations of a Prototype over an MVP?
Is it ok to ask for funding after completing our MVP? Do we need to build traction first? When is the best stage to ask for funding?
Does building a minimum viable product mean poor user interface?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the urban planning industry?
What are essential questions to ask during a focus group while planning a startup?
Minimum Viable Product (MVP): I've seen an opportunity to solve problems for a niche market. The more I develop this solution, the more I realize that it has many markets. Am I risking my success by not understanding all of the markets and all of the competitors before launching?
What does "Ramen profitable" mean?
What things should you do when you bootstrap?
How was Accompani able to raise $15M in series B while still not even in beta yet?
What is the bare minimum to have built before you start talking about your startup?
What challenges do you face around idea validation?
If you were given $25,000 to start a startup business in San Francisco, what would it be?
I have a software service concept which I would like to build. Would this offer be acceptable to software developers with around 2 years of experience in PHP/MySQL?
What are some examples of companies that run and manage web applications?
What is the role of a website in a startup?
How much equity should I be expecting, if any at all?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the healthcare industry?
How should I draw a very experienced engineer from a large company in a small startup with exiguous resources?
Do these components capture the essence of The Lean Startup? Detailed description of components: http://goo.gl/nIEA8a
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the civil engineering industry?
Entrepreneurship: What's a good primer to get me started in the areas of management skills and knowledge?
Are there any SaaS companies that charge extra for support, or for a "priority support" tier?
What are some of the virtual office/registered office providers whose services I can use to incorporate my private limited company in Mumbai?
What is the single most important metric of your start-up?
How would you know if you're just building a usable product for a certain market or you're already starting a start-up?
When should I consider my startup MVP "validated"?
On which websites/forums/blogs have teachers/parents used to have discussions about technologies in education?
How would a designer do a startup?
What are some interesting startups from Japan?
Should I name my MVP something different to what my "real" web startup will be called?
I have a product for real time big data analytics. I did it alone. I have built it using open source technologies (all Apache v2). Now how do I launch my product all by myself?
Are people really as productive as they say they are? Is it bad to take a day off a week?
What is the difference between a project manager and a project owner?
Why did Steve Jobs never ask customers or do MVP/ validation?
What problem(s) does your tech start-up help to solve? How did you come up with this idea?
After a lean startup becomes profitable, is it better to invest in infrastructure or advertising?
Is there such a thing as a startup "corporate housekeeping" checklist?
I have a great idea and I want to create a start-up to implement it. Which steps should I take?
Does talent go to technical schools to get better or does talent open a business?
What is life like for the Samwer brothers?
Why do you think people are going to pay in advance to be listed in a platform that isn't live yet?
What are the problems that hyper local startups face that makes them unfundable?
What do VCs think about startups that bootstrap as a service first then trying to evolve into products?
I want customer validation for a startup idea in retail finance. Is it a case of putting up a landing page and getting signups before building & funding an MVP?
Can I launch my startup without incorporating?
What was Wrapify's MVP?
What makes a good landing page?
How do I use Facebook and Twitter for split testing adverts?
Do you know any great startup toolbox?
Who decides the salary for the CEO of a startup, after the startup is quite successful and on road to be a bigger organization?
What are some niche examples to make money by selling data?
How do I explain my MVP(Minimum Viable Product) in less than 5 slides?
What is the use of MVP in lean startups?
What is the sales operation for strategy for 100K-200K annual subscription SAAS product?
How do I apply lean principles into a construction project? For example engineering consultant office design?
What are high-leverage investments for a new B2B startup?
Can you recommend a free, easy-to-use, visual and web-based startup idea management system?
What are the top challenges of venture capital firms?
What are the parameters for the types of people who invest in businesses on crowd funding websites?
Are there people running a startup 1 day a week and working for a boss 4 days a week?
I'm launching a site in 4 weeks. If 1M users create an account in the first month, how could I approach VCs for funding to scale?
Which are the best startups that are only in one country and not abroad yet?
How can I start leaning cloud?
Why doesn't Box integrate with more apps?
What do SMBs want from their technology in order to grow their businesses? What is the number one thing they continually ask their IT person that they just can't seem to deliver on?
Where can I find a struggling law student who will file a patent for me in exchange for equity?
What are some terrible experiences of office politics?
What do you think about connecting to passionate people around you? What would motivate you to connect with others?
How does one start a think tank without any funding?
What are good bizdev/partnership strategies to increase app downloads for a video streaming platform?
What percentage of funded startups achieve product/market fit?
How should a team of a beginning UX agency look with the aim of growing quickly?
How long after a startup acquisition is signed does it appear in the news?
What is the best hack/cheapest way to get into business/tech/banking conferences other than volunteering?
What are the challenges you faced validating a problem your startup is solving?
How can I understand startup stock and options and how they are different in layman's terms?
How does a foodie website gain their profit?
How much time do I need to learn Python and AngularJS?
Is there a good overall video on mobile software development?
If you show a working prototype of software to a potential customer, but they don't pre-pay to prove their interest, should you stop working on it?
What small business can I start in Lima, Peru with $3,000 dollars?
What kind of resources did Peter Thiel use to open his first start-up?
What constraints should be placed on headcount growth in a rapidly growing startup?
What is the current state of lean practice within the IT profession?
How can a software engineer help growth strategy?
I found an interesting productivity problem and I am building a solution for that. It is a web app. What is the best way to gain initial traction once I launch a beta version?
How do I make working in a home office more productive?
What is the meaning of lean consulting?
Who can award Lean belts?
How important is it to start talking (promote) about your mobile app on Twitter and other social media sites before its release? And how much can you talk about the actual product?
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the building design and architecture industry?
What problems do most entrepreneurs face today?
What is the best way to validate an app idea online?
If I own 60% of a startup and When it comes to investing in capital, Is it required for me to invest in 60% of the total required investment?
What is a "local maximum" equivalent to Harvard that startups like Facebook have saturated with some velocity on their way to scale?
Do you think lean means cheap or quick? Or neither?
How can a startup answer the question "what prevents a bigger company from taking your idea?"
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What is entrepreneurial spirit? How to keep it alive?
How does complexity in business processes cause an increase in costs?
Have you followed the principle 'Bootstrap First, Raise Money Later'?
What is the best way to find a technical co-founder for startups in Japan?
What is the right age that a person should start thinking of/start preparing to become an entrepreneur?
How do you turn your idea into app in the shortest amount of time? Which set of software or frameworks might be helpful for an MVP?
My startup idea needs two platforms, one to add web content and one to sell it iOS. How do I build an MVP without spending too much time?
How did Quora founders answer the question of, how big is the market and revenue size during their initial pitch?
I have a different work ethic than my fellow founders. Is it bad to be so?
As an Indian living in Australia, should I start my startup in Australia or India? Why?
What is the average customer acquisition cost for mobile app startups in the virtual service area (personal assistant, advisory, coaching, health, psychology, etc.)?
Funding: What are the best resources (online or offline) for learning to create an amazing pitch deck?
I have funding which will be used to hire a CEO for my startup. Can I still influence Product/Strategy from a Board Seat?
How would you go about acquiring your first 100 local customers?
Do I have to behave as a leader to support lean management?
What does Auren Hoffman (liveramp) mean by 'strategy in a startup'?
What are the relationship choices for a founder and a new corporation?
Why are most of tech startups taking UX lightly?
Dat Venture: Do I have to come to Boston for the entire 3-month period?
What are some deal killer risks that if left unexamined can kill a startup business?
What ways startup can make money, if the product is free of cost and ads?
What is the best way to market a small (i.e., one person) consulting business?
What questions do I ask the references of a potential technical cofounder?
What is Wealthfront's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
What are the online marketing challenges for a startup company?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean inventory management?
In which country should we set up our tech startup - UK or Denmark?
What is a price to open an office in San-Francisco?
Is Ruby on Rails or Python better to build a large scale two-sided web application that facilitates and executes consumer financial transactions and organizes reporting summaries?
How do I evaluate project proposals?
What are examples of SaaS apps with minimal technology stacks?
How do I bounce back when someone says bad things about your startup?
How do you reply to "Why should I buy from your start-up"?
Is it better to go through customer validation first stage or to invest my own money in to app development?
Using The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, which other books are an exemplar of which must-reads stand next to The Lean Startup for the audience it serves?
Should I file a trademark for my startup name? How does that work and how much is it?
Should I quit my job and join a startup accelerator or just focus on launching my product first, getting some traction, then look for financing (while keeping my job)?
Is there an incubation cell or anything of the sort in India where individuals can bring their laptops and work on their startup ideas?
Is the the Lean Startup theory presented by Steve Blank most useful on designing startups, or are there better alternatives?
I've developed a device that would save stakeholders in just one small geographical part of the market over $30 million annually. How can I become an appealing startup to tech incubators? What tech incubators would be the best fit?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What start-ups are going to help domestic jobs?
Startups in India: I am planning to duplicate the business model of Alibaba and IndiaMART on a local scale in my city. How viable will it be? Is it going to make a good startup project?
Sheryl Sandberg: What sparked the idea to start writing your first Book "Lean In"?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies that you cofound?
What are growth hackers tools to analyze the competitors?
I'm a tech guy and I have a small startup. I'm looking to hire a CEO to raise money and manage the startup. What should I write in the job description? What qualification should I mention?
What are your personal reasons for being involved in business and why?
What are the some customer acquisition strategies that a SaaS startup can try?
Why should MBA students learn about entrepreneurship or startups in general?
When is the lean startup approach too lean and fails? Do you have any personal example?
The famous "the lean startup method" recommends creating fake advertisement for a product with a fake website and a fake sign-up button to accurately gauge consumer demand. Is doing that actually legal in any US state or Germany, and will such ads be banned from Facebook?
Why did GigStart fail in India?
How do you manage graphic designers to ensure you can get creative, beautiful work in small batches for a lean startup?
As a 19-year-old with limited capital, how can I start my own watch reselling business?
Should you buy lean or regular ground meat?
Do you need to do customer development in a proven market?
What is the best way to test you ideas?
Is it necessary for me to scale-up my startup ?
Who has a better onboarding process - Betterment or Wealthfront?
How many users do you receive when your product is featured by Product Hunt?
If China went to war with the United States & China's first action was to stop all US manufacturing there. Would that destroy the US economy?
Where can you buy wristbands which have custom capabilities. For example ones which include both GPS tracking and NFC?
Does ovatisol work for lean PCOS?
Why didn't Quantly work out?
How can I develop an MVP of a dermatological product without having to work like Gyro Gearloose?
How do I validate an idea about improving a service if the actual user of this service are already satisfied, but I think it can be get better?
How much coding should I learn if I've other skills but am really keen to launch a tech startup?
Which Startup platforms or services with perks are being used today?
At what point should I register my lean start-up as a UK business?
What are some tips for doing business development for multiple companies at the same time?
How do I recruit interviewees for MVP testing?
How did the Taboola and Outbrain type of companies solve the ‘chicken and egg’ problem of publishers first vs advertisers first dilemma?
What is the very first step after building your app/website?
What's the biggest mistake you see entrepreneurs making in their approach to business?
Should I pursue MVP or not?
What events should I attend if I'm about to enter the USA market with our outsourcing services and framework for creating SaaS apps?
If you heard of service that would instantly incorporate a startup and handle all its operations for a low monthly fee, what questions would you have?
What are somethings to consider just before signing a short term sub-lease contract?
How are investors still listening to the founder if the company is not making enough revenue?
What are the first steps in launching a lean manufacturing program?
What are the top 5 lean startup customer development survey questions for the development of a new alcoholic beverage/fitness app, other than demographics?
I have a startup idea. How can I find a like-minded developer/technical guy(co-founder) who is equally passionate as me and can help me in the implementation (I am a developer too)?
Has Terrence Yang ever used the lean startup methodology?
What are the expenses we've to keep in mind while starting Web startup?
Should I delete inactive users from my “newsletter” email list to keep my email marketing service fees down?
How can I start living my life and do what I love?
What are the current mistakes of people using lean startup?
Who are the most impressive, young, and Australian entrepreneurs that would be valuable to take for coffee one day?
Can my Canadian startup (Ontario) get funding from elsewhere; such as the U.S.A.?
What is the median Flow efficiency index in different industries, especially in software development?
Is it ok to pay a consultant a one time flat fee to do a startup milestone and not minimum wage (which I can't afford to pay)?
Is a reseller channel an important and effective channel to consider them a viable sales channel in a startup?
Are there any lean startup consultants or coaches in Ahmedabad?
If I invested $1,000 in Uber today (June 2016) and Uber was acquired next month, how much money would I make?
Why is customer feedback important to an organization?
Would you describe the roles a startup needs to be successful?
What should be consider when building a Yelp alike?
Can you use 1000 $ to get traction for your startup, how?
What were your top 5 fears when you were considering leaving your employee job to start your own startup/business?
How much would it cost to start a tech startup as a non technical founder without any tech friends?
What is best for an Android MVP mobile app backend, Parse, a GitHub backend, or a custom backend?
How do I join a start-up, having 3+ years of experience in Microsoft technologies?
How do I get out of this dilemma between unknown pastures vs. a stagnant routine life?
When is it not true that the first to scale well after real product-market fit wins?
How do I apply the concept of minimum viable product when developing a food product?
What are the best early indicators of a tech downturn in the Bay Area?
I have an idea for a mobile app, but I can't realize it because I don't have any experience of building mobile apps. Can I develop some simulation in a browser to show investors and ask for a small amount for the project and team building?
I just completed my MVP (http://useclocker.com). How should I attract people to it to get feedback since I don't have a database full of emails?
What is the next step with our MVP?
How long will it take to develop an MVP?
How can I sell a specialised application custom made for each client for a specific industry without making my own company but still being tax legit?
Funding: When a startup gets funded is the whole amount given in a single go or is it in stages? Also is it possible that investment gets pulled back?
Is it normal that my new startup's name sounds weird?
What does a customer development manager do?
What does Gordon Miller think about the lean startup methodology?
What foreign startups are moving their product/development teams to Lisbon, Portugal?
What are examples of companies who went to market with product strategies that directly contrasted the "lean startup" movement but were still successful?
What does "Ramen profitable" mean?
How do I ask an entrepreneur to be my mentor?
Where can I find the right mentor for my music startup?
What is the bare minimum to have built before you start talking about your startup?
We are a startup and have a prototype ready. It is a B2B product. We are currently targeting builders/real estate sector. We currently don't have a marketing team. How should I hire a sales team? What is the best approach/technique for B2B marketing?
Can Facebook ads be effective as a sole marketing tool for a startup?
Information Technology: Which are good software development companies which work with startups?
Are there success stories of startup founders who failed in their first venture but succeeded later?
How do I complete MVP if lead developer is busy?
What is the best initial approach to develop a social site (as Facebook) for a beginner, WordPress or from scratch?
My app has over 100,000 downloads and over 10,000 app visits daily within 3 months after launch. How much will you pay to advertise in my app?
Why is usability testing important?
What is the android alternative to TestFlight for alpha/beta testing that can handle many users?
When did Japan change the rules of mass to lean in production?
What are the various valuation methods to consider for a startup building enterprise IT products and seeking their first round of funding with an MVP and a bunch of leads trying out the early beta version?
What are some examples of companies that run and manage web applications?
Is it smart to branch off the development of my company to india?
What is the best video, blog post or other content that you would send to an engineer to get them introduced and excited about lean startup development?
Are there any stats on the total number of startups that have been accelerated by leading accelerators such as YCombinator, 500 Startups, TechStars & AngelPad?
What are good sources of user research on startup founders?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the healthcare industry?
How long does it take an application/service to get big, really big?
Why do a majority of Apple, Google and Facebook employees not want to start their own startups with the money they have earned?
What business can I start with a capital of 5 to 10 lakh?
Where can I find a list of Startups in India?
How can I promote a contest to the 3D printing community?
How does BazillionBeings work from a technical standpoint?
I have a startup idea related to Indian Railways ticket booking. To whom should I reach in order to have a permission for implementing it?
On which websites/forums/blogs have teachers/parents used to have discussions about technologies in education?
If I'm just starting out with my startup, with just a website, should I do a fake door testing?
Do people respond to emails asking them to provide answers to survey questions for a conceptual product that may be of value to them in the future?
What OO or functional design patterns do lean companies such as Quora or Facebook use for the architecture of their end-to-end tests?
Which should a startup choose if only one could be chosen, persistence or innovation?
What are the main problems you have had while trying to start your small business?
What's the hardest thing about customer development?
What is the best way to compensate an interim CTO in an early stage pre-funded company?
What are good ways do software development business with an off shore software house?
Should a minimum viable product focus on niche user experience, or a seamless core function?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Where did you learn to raise money?
What is your view about the upcoming e-commerce site Titans Mag (For smart online shopping)?
What are the common assumption and estimation mistakes Managers do while hiring UX?
Does it matter who invests at seed stage in a startup?
Should I still pursue a business venture in spite of my parents telling me it will not succeed? I am prepared to face failure.
Where can I find early adopters for my SaaS?
How can I get an online service idea started up?
What problems are annotation services solving?
Equity: As a technical founder with an MVP, what should I offer non-technical co-founders?
What is the easiest service based business to start as a software engineer?
We have the MVP ready but we don't have money to launch it. What should we do?
Is it a good idea for a startup to go invite-only?
What are some Edu Tech companies that have crossed the chasm?
Do people use alternative list based marketing? I know email marketing is dominant, but are there other platforms people use?
How do I prevent Rocket Internet from cloning my startup once it has significant traction (users/revenue)? What factors (internal/external) discourage clones?
How can I hire people for my Startup if I don't have money to pay them salary?
How do we develop a relationship with our early adopters?
Is work experience necessary for young startup founders?
When starting a potentially valuable start-up as a 17 year old what are some things to do so I don't get screwed?
How can we apply Lean Methodology to the big data and data science solutions?
Which grocery product can I sell online to grow a customer base?
What is Priori Legal? How does it work?
How do I choose my features for a mvp?
What interesting stuff can be shown on an analytics startup's desk?
Startups: Which business functions would you recommend using outsourcing (i.e. IT development, HR, accounting, data management, customer services)?
How does a web-based company that makes a profit off of membership, like Tinder or something similar, that requires a significant membership base in order to be of use to the customer, begin?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Is selling 33K$ through Ebay in my first trade attempt in 30 days counted as a reliable marketing experience?
How hard is it to get a blogger to write about your startup?
Should I drop out of college for a semester to pursue machine learning?
Is the Middle East just as good of a market for Startups as the west?
I have a startup and really need a privacy policy and terms of use, but don't have the budget for either one. What should I do?
How do I ensure that my startup's name is safe to use?
Can I Create a Sales Lead using LinkedIn without being spammy or intrusive?
When the needs of the end-user and the customer differ, what's the typical approach companies with a lean philosophy /TPS use?
In the lean startup methodology, you can pivot or persevere but when do I know to give up?
Why hasn't the Zenefits business model been cloned?
Why are lean startup consultants so expensive (normally 50-100 USD per hour)?
Steve Blank said, ‘all founders in a web or mobile startup need to learn how to code’. Do you agree?
Without coding it myself is there any SaaS platforms or CMSs that will allow me to add a secure login, plans page, & secure payment form to a website?
When is the best time of year to get press for a new startup?
How can one start a business in the healthcare industry with the less than a crore of startup money?
How can I start my business if have zero in my bank account and only have the idea?
What are examples of lean dough and gateaux?
What are some small scale business ideas? How can we expand small scale ventures?
My prototype is done. I aim to take on clients from another country. Can I do this without actually being based there?
Have there been any tech ideas that have been successful and do not require the creator to manage it while banking millions?
How would you convince a lean sceptic manager of the importance of being in the Gemba?
What’s the #1 challenge you face during product development?
Can you use a lawyer and a business model to find a minimum viable product for an LLC you began at age 20?
I have a small budget and I have to pick only one of these book the lean startup, the hard things about hard things and from 0 to 1, which one should I choose?
Has a high growth consumer tech startup ever been able to be successful without raising funding?
I'm thinking about starting a tutoring company, what advices you guys would give me?
What is lean architecture?
How do I build a minimum viable product for a handmade marketplace?
How should equity be divided in a new startup to make all feel valued and long-term committed if there are three founders, two of whom are drawing a pay ($80/hr as programmers) and one who is not taking a pay but is providing 6 months worth of founding capital?
Was Facebook a "lean startup"?
Is it reasonable to give a seed investor 51% equity for $1M?
I have a business idea for event managers in Africa that is sort of a marketplace. I have savings of $1000 and I want a website for it. How do I go about it?
Where can I find a succinct and actionable customer development framework that can be learned quickly?
How did Waze and similar concepts get users when they need users and user data to attract the first users?
If you are using the Lean start-up at what point do you trademark your product and incorporate as a company? Before the MVP? Or prior to launch?
How is grocery E-commerce giving a tough time to offline players in India?
How do I build, develop, and execute MVP?
When talking about ground beef, what does 85% lean or 93% lean etc. mean? And which one is healthier or is it worth the cost?
Does ambition kill the happiness?
For how long can a founder and co-founder work on a startup before having to quit their day jobs?
How can you introduce Lean principles in your startup without being accused of being too pessimistic?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of approaching customers, as group segments or as individual consumers?
How should I respond to odd questions from investors?
Should I learn Android development or hire an intern as I want to develop an Android app for my startup?
Is the CEO of Y Combinator right in advising not to talk to your products' users in his startup advice post?
I'm a digital marketing consultant, how can I productise my services?
What are the best online and offline tools to generate leads for SMBs working in a B2B model?
What's the best way to do a startup, where both sweat equity and early investment would be involved?
What is the best collaboration tool for a team of 3?
How do you validate a market and a customer for a new product?
What is a healthy lifestyle daily minimal viable product?
Does the investment firm Tiger Global Management have an official website? If not, what is the reason?
I am building a product for my startup. My fear is if Facebook gets to know about this idea, they may implement it over the weekend (with the resources available to them). How should I overcome this fear?
Which startups have become successful and making profits too in last three years to sustain and justify the startup fundings.
What new lean startup tools/approaches do you wish had existed when you first launched your startup?
Does startups need MBA professionals with programming experience?
Which email/web hosts have better reputations for hosting opt-in email marketing websites so that emails get delivered in inboxes without being marked as spam?
I want to start a job providing service startup in Nagpur.  How can I get people enthusiastic in startup and interested to work with me.?
What are the pros and cons of working at a successful startup vs Google, Facebook, etc.?
What is the step-by-step process to test and validate a Business Model Canva?
What would be good tools to help me on the "Get out of the building" phase? Is there a model/tips to question people about their problems?
What are the best ways to identify a market with low saturation?
Should I hire a cofounder who's not experienced in startups?
Do most startups lie about their active user numbers, duration of use? What is an example?
What are the best tools to integrate email with web forms?
Which would you choose, a dream job offer in your home country or migrating to your dream country now?
What is GrowthHackers - A Community for Growth-Focused Marketers - Trending - GrowthHackers business model? How are they making money?
What do you think of Steve Blanks latest version of the Business Model Canvas?
What did Facebook determine it was doing in the lean start up phases of the company?
What are good techniques for forming a peer support group with other like-minded entrepreneurs in my area?
What does the startup Blueberry Home do?
Are there successful startups / companies that specialise in Machine Learning for basic science driven areas?
How does one come to know that your startup idea is one in million?
What does Dave McClure recommend I do to not mess this up: Secondesk Intro.pdf? Who would be the best experts to reach out to for advise?
I conducted a survey of my idea and got almost 120 responses. Out of which more than 72% likes my idea. Should I reach to an investor at this point?
Why is it so hard to bootstrap without looking for funding?
What are the fastest strategies to generate new B2B leads?
Who is monetizing on Meerkat now (as of March 10, 2015), and what strategies are they using?
What's the best example of a successful lean start-up?
What is the soonest that a seasoned CEO can be employed to replace the founder and take the lead?
What is the best Lean Startup course available worldwide?
What are companies following lean methodologies?
How do marketers and scientists quantify personalities and behaviors into usable data?
How do I split the revenue with the content owner of a test prep startup (authors of a questions bank), where I own the store and distribution and they provide the content?
Do lean startups work or not?
What is the single most important skill for being the CEO of a tech startup in the Valley?
I've profitable business model, good team, tech, live customer with profit. More customers in queue but we're short of funds. How do I get seed fund?
One of the terms that a new potential co-founder has asked for, is a provision that states that if we fire him within the 1 year cliff, he will be paid back pay equaling his hourly rate, for the hours he has put in. Is this provision acceptable?
Is lean change management really effective?
How would you manage an international team of social media managers, each running nationally-focused promotion channels for the international company brand, each using lean experimentation?
Which are the richest "companies" run and owned by one person?
If I created an app that users can use to record and edit videos, what is my market?
How can I predict the profits and costs for a new product business plan without guessing?
What are the different types of fund raise methods that a Startup can resort to in India and how?
Messaging: What is known about Slack in terms of their financials?
What is the best startup that is not yet built today (but is feasible)?
Does a lean startup necessarily have to be a high-growth startup?
I’m bringing on co-founders, is this a fair split?
Is using a non corporate lawyer relative to optimize online legal forms/services the next best thing if you can't afford a startup lawyer?
Can I use a domain name with a registered trademark word in it?
How much funding has HandyHome received till now?
How do you build an MVP?
Sheryl Sandberg: Lean In: How do we spread the core message, through our actions in the local communities?
How do you "keep up" when moving toward starting your company?
None of my friends or friend's friends are technical, and I want to find a technical co-founder. What's the best way to go about it?
What should I do if I have an idea for a startup but I have no money or resources whatsoever?
In a SaaS company, should the CEO sit with engineering/product, with sales, or with the exec team?
What is the least amount of money someone has used to start a company and built it up to a million dollars or more?
Will a Canadian project on Kickstarter get the same exposure as a U.S. one?
Are Skype interviews considered "getting out of the building?"
Does anyone feel uncomfortable trying to explain their business idea all time, while you are iterating it and it is changing ?
Is Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services Basic really free? What version is the best for beginning developers?
Is it smart to build a website using open source codes to see if it will work? Can that be seen as the MVP lean startup method?
Suppose you have a MVP and, in order to promote it, you use a competitor's platform. Does that give you a bad image?
How do I get users for my new startup?
What should I know before starting my e-commerce website?
What startups are preparing to disrupt the future of business?
What open source solutions exist as alternatives to landing page services like Unbounce, Instapage, KickoffLabs, etc.?
Who do you love more? Your product or your customer?
I want to make a custom color LCD of certain design. Where can I get them done?
What piece of equipment could I buy to turn into a business?
When testing product/market fit for your MVP, is some amount of UX "friction" a good thing?
What is the minimum number of customers to have when it is appropriate to implement a CRM?
How do you define the user persona or target customers for a social product such as WhatsApp which can be used by anyone and everyone?
What businesses benefit from having more people attend/participate like a gym?
Which books can help me understand what users want?
How can I create a minimum viable product for a web app?
What would happen if an airline was run like a startup?
How can I deduct my rent in the San Francisco Bay Area as a business expense if I work full-time at home either as an employer or as an employee?
Where can I find a qualified person to audit my startup's landing page?
I'm currently starting a company that provides news and alerts for a niche market and I am not sure if we should charge a fee for it or provide it for free. We prefer free but our yearly revenue would be much less. How does one make this decision?
When will "Outernet" be fully viable in India?
Should the product manager be a generalist or a subject-matter expert?
Can you name some successful startup that ignored certain laws?
Is it bad to change the focus of your lean startup over a period of time?
If I were to try making a prototype of an invention, where could I carry on this product-making process?
How would you explain the lean methodology to your mum?
Is a mobile app with a large number of users and adoption, but free to use viable?
What is the process for forming a lean startup?
I want to start a business at 18. I already have an idea it'll mostly be online and I'll have to create an app. Where should I start?
How do I sell a cheap product with a good profit margin through an online eCommerce website?
What things should you do when you bootstrap?
How can you get 100 daily visitors to test a landing page without spending money (or very little)?
If you give someone equity that vests after a milestone but you aren't incorporated yet, what exactly do you give them?
Can BIM be used as Lean tool? Is it used as a part of lean construction today?
I have not read either of the 37signals books yet. Which one is better to start with: Getting Real or Rework?
What is the most foolish thing you've heard working in a startup?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
Where does Dollar Shave Club get their blades from?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
I'm almost finished with my MVP (which will be a video showcasing how the software works and what the benefits are), and I want to use it to run a Kickstarter campaign. How do I give it the best chance of being successful?
Why are accelerators 'graduating' entrepreneurs who fail to get funding?
Firefield offers no-cost virtual office hours via Google Hangout and Skype, so what are some of the best sites to post this information to for startup founders to find and take advantage?
Which are less known company builders, similar to rocket internet, which copy business models?
Is the MVP bar too high nowadays?
For building a web startup is it better to hire a full-time developer/designer, take on board a tech co-founder, or outsource to a good outside firm?
What is the best low-cost way to validate a product before the launch for a startup?
How do I create hype, traction and consumer demand using storytelling for my startup?
How does fillr.com earn money?
Does effective networking sometimes involve a business model?
As an indie business owner, what key thing to you need to understand?
If a business is valuable to customers only if users are present, how can it be validated before getting the users?
If you could wave a magic wand and change things in startup competitions, what would it be?
I will round up my first degree programme in computer science this year. I am interested in studying medicine as a career course. What should I do?
Seeing that Jobs' stubborn creative passion led to Apple's success, why can't more startup teams/VCs/angels trust artistic founders and see that "erring on the side of brutally lean" can often release a shitty MVP that scares users but are saved by a tad more creative and financial courage?
Is there a Slack prototyping or wire framing theme?
Why are companies (like Nordstrom and eBay) dissolving their in-house innovation teams?
How should I reach out to VCs initially?
How  can I increase sales significtantly, while reducing the customer  acquisition cost, for the specific case where the product is a live  training course?
What are some primary-source examples of experiments you ran on a variable in your business model at a company with more than 5,000 people?
Who are some not-so-famous entrepreneurs that I can learn from?
Why would Sir Richard Branson start too many companies?
At what point in my entrepreneurial career would it be beneficial to buy a Lamborghini?
What is the suggestion for product and service based IT startup?
Where do I find a good web designer for a MVP website?
How does a startup compete with a established company that dominates the market?
What was Task Rabbit's MVP like?
I'm looking for a company (X) that offers an escrow account service that handles time-released software payments to the developer (Z) during a test period of e.g. 180 days for the customer (Y).  Is there such a company X that provides such a service?
I am in the process of a marketplace startup. The supply side is taken care of. How do I market my product to gain customers?
How do I make sure that my startup founder don't fire me after building them a minimum viable product?
How would you describe working at a startup from day one?
What are some ways to make your pre-launch, social media startup seem attractive to Angels, Accelerators, and VCs? And what are some good sites, like Product Hunt, to gain pre-launch attention from future users, Angels, and VCs?
Is it important to dress professionally in a business meeting?
What non-failed brick and mortar businesses have been started with barely enough to pay for lease, wages and merchandise?
What is the difference between validation board & lean canvas?
What activities around a startup office can you recommend?
What would you prefer: going into a market which has very less number of players, or into a market which has a lot of shitty players where you think you can get the job done better?
Would it be viable to run a national restaurant chain using only healthy, all-natural ingredients?
What is an advice for funding an E-commerce startup with unique products and growing customer base?
How do I build the right team for my startup’s MVP near the launch?
Shouldn't public venture capital investors get price protection too?
How do I apply lean methodology to a startup that is for entertainment purpose and does not solve a problem?
What is the most creative (domain) name for a stylish, modern, innovative flight, hotel, event and party website?
How do we make Germany the best startup hub in the world?
What's the difference between the mentorship models of Glassbreakers and that of Lean On?
Will Bombardier's new aerostructures division need to fully adopt lean engineering principles and practices in order to be competitive within the global aerospace supply chain?
What are the necessary legal things to check before leaving a startup as a founder?
How should I go about cold emailing investors before I have my minimum viable product complete?
Does the Forever Lean product work?
What are the key points about the Lean Startup framework proposed by Eric Ries?
Is there any Pay Per Share model that actually work?
What should you watch out when you incorporate in Delaware but operate overseas?
How do you know how well your startup is doing?
Should a startup with an MVP start hiring sales representatives immediately?
Which technology companies do not have commissioned salespeople?
What is the best way to keep some influence on the product/strategy after hiring a CEO as a startup founder?
As an investor what is your view, if a founder uses his first startup employee to build MVP for his second startup?
Where can I find Lean Canvas of real startups that are successful?
Do Brian Chesky & Joe Gebbia know how to code?
Is it really important for a tech startup to be in a startup-friendly city to succeed?
What are the current opportunities in the forex and general trading industry for startups?
What are your thoughts on this project management compensation model?
How do you get from $1M ARR to $10M ARR?
In what ways could Lean or Agile methodology be applied to government policy decisions and agency management?
Has anyone left their jobs at well-known Indian startups? Why did you leave?
Lean Startup is great for startups with market risk. Are there other good methodologies for startups with invention/product risk?
How do I get RIGHT influencers/initial users for my Startup?
What are the scopes of lean implementation and manufacturing excellence in the Indian footwear industry?
What is Noah Kagan's competition tool and can you purchase it?
What are the merits / demerits of working with a digital marketing freelancer?
Is it a good idea to ask people what they want and then deliver exactly that?
How much equity did Snapchat and Instagram give for their seed funding?
What are some negative sides on the lean startup methodology?
What are the pros and cons of being very lean?
What does Jason Lemkin think is the best way for an early stage SaaS company to get its first 1-3 pilot Fortune 500 paying customers?
In which start-up stage is which component of the customer development process executed?
When validating a start-up idea, can we do customer discovery and interviews without a landing page?
Who are the key consultants and mentors to lean startups?
Why are companies such as Uber, Airbnb, Snapchat, Dropbox, etc. still called startups?
Is it possible today for a single engineer to scale an app to 1 million users?
What lean startup metrics and analytics tools and software could an SaaS startup build using ASP .net MVC?
What's the right way to calculate churn, by percentage of what's up for renewal, or by percentage of beginning MRR?
How do I capitalize on this opportunity?
What are the steps to creating a successful startup, without starting too fast?
What topics should be included in a product management fundamentals training?
Which is a better option to go for to increase brand awareness of a logistics startup eying only B2B business. Google AdWords or SEO?
I am prototyping a service for a B2C customers. How do I capture feedback for the MVP?
When should a startup hire a professional and experienced CEO?
How should you approach your first cold leads in a B2B SaaS product?
What is the best tool to set up and share the first year roadmap of 3 startup cofounders?
How could I create a clothing line by only having items produced when they're ordered?
I’ve studied design for the past 15 years and I currently teach product design at high school level (up to AP or sixth form/A-level in the UK). How would/could I go about productizing my intellectual property and what kind of business could I create by using this IP?
How can I write a business plan to submit it to investors?
What are some successful startup that we can perform alone?
What does it take to make a fast growing startup?
My company got acquired and I want to move on (technical co-founder). How do I approach my next job?
What does Dan Gilbert think of Minimum Viable Products?
What are the recommended books one should read prior to starting a mobile app start-up venture?
What would the term customer organizations mean in the context of startups?
What are some ways to validate an idea of making high-end wooden kitchen products?
It is recommended to build a mobile app before a webpage?
What is the cheapest way to rent a pickup truck for my business startup?
How can a 17 year old make $500,000 in a year?
Is growth hacking a new alternative for marketing?
What business should I start with <$300,000?
How did Avanoo grow from 1300 to 5m in 1 year?
Kalaari capital launched kstart to seed fund startups. What are the views about their term sheet? What equity they are asking for 500k funding?
How can a high school student receive mentorship and advice from startup founders?
What happened to Votizen after their case study in The Lean Startup?
Should an MVP be outsourced?
Is Sequoia Capital the number 1 investor leader with their 789 investments in 487 companies?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
How do Entrepreneurs get biggest pain points of People and Starts Startup on it?
About what pre-money range should I be looking at for my three-year-old SaaS startup doing $1M ARR ($1.8M total rev) growing 100% year over year?
What is Scrum and how did Jeff Sutherland and Ken Schwaber create it?
How important is it to do real life interviews instead of digital questionnaires according to the lean startup principle?
What are some challenges faced by startups in using data science and analytics for building and growing?
What are some interesting non-tech startups?
Which VCs in India fund financial services startups?
I am from Mumbai and I have a startup idea. I don't need any investment I just need a few like minded people to work with me?
Who are some entrepreneurs who started their company with less than $5K and become successful?
In which order should I enter the world of startups, learn coding, talk to customers, and prototype ideas?
Is Kanban a good way to manage individual work, rather than team work?
If you are in the process of a "soft launch", should you seize media hype opportunities or avoid them?
Do you agree or disagree with the Lean Startup techniques?
What is the best time to start working on my own startup?
In which ways are the ideas of a lean startup and a distributive enterprise similar?
How do producers / entrepreneurs in media (film, music, stage, concerts, opera, other productions) validate their product before going to market?
What should I do when investors sign the agreed documents but never funds the agreed investments?
How would have Mark Zukerberg validated the business model of Facebook?
How do we validate that we actually have a market for idea before we build something?
Why is Conjoint Analysis not discussed more in the Customer Development, Lean Startup movement?
How do I startup while in college with no Experience, Money or connections. Should I join an accelerator and leave my first job to follow my dreams?
Is it better to have a concept or a vision to solve a problem for a startup?
What type of MVP candidate do you prefer?
Is it possible for a capable software engineer to cofound a successful niche e.g. B2B SaaS startup on fair (50/50) terms or found it alone?
How do I start a beverage industry with minimal investment, and how do I run it successfully with less manpower in India?
Why do you take time to help people with startup questions on Quora? What makes it worth it for you?
Do you use a website for finding tools and services for professional productivity?
What is the industry standard sales commission structure of the commission-only basis sales people for the size of a 50K to 500K software development project/deal?
What is the best way to get an internship at an accelerator in NYC?
What are some sites that are beautifully designed, yet ugly competitors dominate their category?
What is the most efficient way to set up interviews with potential customers for customer development and idea validation?
What is more important when writing the code for MVP: that the code works or how good it is written?
What if I start a startup not to generate any money but only to achieve the purpose behind starting it? How to achieve the purpose?
How would you creatively and affordably advertise Instagram if you started it today?
How do I start a business with minimal investment?
I made the very first version of a decision-support-system application like Quora. Basically it does the job but people don't understand it. What should I change or do so people will be excited and get it and use it?
What would you recommend for creating a demo video as a minimal viable product for a software?
What was Fiverr's MVP?
Are you an entrepreneur, and if so, would you mind answering a couple of questions?
How do I get initial customers/users for a new startup?
What startup podcast is more succinct than most?
What are some tips for a successful small business in a small time?
What are the best US entrepreneurship, marketing, and tech conferences for 2017?
If you had the emails and phone numbers of tens of thousands of recent college grads, what easy-to-create product would you market to them?
For small startups, is it better to have a bug management tool separate from general project management?
Can a foreign company selling online in Australia charge Australian GST?
Is burnout especially intense/pervasive in failed entrepreneurs?
What is the best book for learning product-market fit?
Should you design a site first and then the logo, or the logo and then the site?
What are things big multinational software companies can't solve (or at least have difficulties to solve) but small local software companies can?
How can a startup event organizing company get many sponsors and partners?
Is there a way to get commitment from customers before launching a B2B product?
Is there a website where you can pitch startup ideas before you create the plan to see if its viable?
A startup founder contacted me as an expert, and I gave him expertise for free. Now he wants me to develop a product. How do I request compensation?
Does lean management work?
What does Lean signify in 'Lean UX'?
Is MVP a success for Android?
Do you recommend the new Gust Launch service?
What are some examples of customer development failing?
Would you use a tool finder?
What are some criticisms of the Customer Development framework?
What are some popular subscription based startups that have done well?
How do VC entrepreneurs make enough money to start a VC fund with?
What is Dat Venture?
Are there any ways to secure/safeguard my unique idea when testing the MVP?
What is a good site for learning grammar?
Are there successful "startup factories"?
Does Lean startup is the fastest method to build and test hypothesis?
What are some examples of startups that had viral growth as mentioned in the lean startup apart from Hotmail and Paypal?
What is a recommended way to test viral cycles?
Out of 1000 business leads, what was the average deal closing rate by IT startups in custom software application development and selling IT solutions?
What are the startups gifting their employees this Diwali? What is an affordable yet unique gift?
Is the actual shipping in dropshipping the hardest part about this business model?
Instead of looking for investors I want them to look for me, is it possible?
What legal steps do you have to go through in order to start a business?
How was Accompani able to raise $15M in series B while still not even in beta yet?
Is joining a tech giant like Facebook/Google after college, a sign of complacency vs. joining a startup?
As a first-time founder, where should I be spending my time?
Does lean startup methodology applies on enterprise level organisation?
Would you use my startup as an annotation platform?
How can I be an entrepreneur if math is not my best subject at high school?
Can anyone give me some examples of companies that failed to implement lean system?
What are some of the craziest startup ideas you have seen or heard of for college students?
I have a software service concept which I would like to build. Would this offer be acceptable to software developers with around 2 years of experience in PHP/MySQL?
I am good at programming and problem solving. but weak in English. my mother tongue is Tamil. is there any possibility to get job above 6 lpa package?
When seeking funding from an investor, should I ask for enough money to build out just the platform or enough for platform and one year of traction?
How do you reconcile the success of the "Build it and they will come" model with the lean start-up model?
What are the techniques that enable you to think just like your customers?
Is it possible to build and manage a SaaS business from home as a single founder?
Should I start a company around a possible revolutionary product or begin small?
Would you rather start a startup in a market with high competition or high regulation?
Is the "lean startup" methodology suitable also for startups that create silicon chips?
Is it necessary to do due diligence and background checks on a potential cofounder if we are both young?
What are the minimal legal services I need to launch a startup with 2 people and how much should I pay?
Before building a successful startup, how the founder must prepare himself in technical aspects such as design, development and performance maintanence?
What are some business ideas that are having success locally but are yet to go global?
How do I interpret smoke testing results from a landing page?
How do I adapt to a situation where I am moving from the daily predictability of job to an unstable business venture?
Is crowdsourcing the best 'bang for your buck' for an app UI or is it better to hire just one quality designer from Indonesia for half of the price?
What are certain steps to create a mobile startup?
What is lean canvas model?
Is a "go to strategy" targeting teenagers for a mobile application (that could also be interesting for adults) efficient? Would it repel adults from the app in the future?
What's the best way to validate which food products will sell through my high-traffic blog before manufacturing them?
What's crucial for success: talent or hard work?
Which is the best equity crowdfunding platform for a mobile games startup?
What are some side projects on product management you can work on to land a job?
Can I outsource the creation of my MVP (minimal viable product)?
What is the best way to understand and analyse data from your market?
How could I calculate RoI for a 5S project and its business impact?
What advice would Auren Hoffman give to product managers?
Did you gain or lose significantly by working for a start-up?
Startup mentors, especially lean startup mentors, what is the one word or phrase you wish your mentees would avoid when describing their customer segment?
If Zenefits' CEO, Conrad, was standing in front of you, what advice would you give him?
Is there any formula for adding customer support/success personnel in SaaS business?
How to sign NDA with other co-founders and employees, when my startup is not yet incorporated?
Where can you find early stage startups for sale?
We are an IT startup offering development services and are planning to set up our office in either the San Francisco area or in San Jose. Which should we choose?
What million-dollar businesses can I start now with just my laptop?
I’m at a crossroads in my startup. How do I make an extraordinarily difficult business decision?
Should every new SMB manufacture the products in their business themselves?
How do I convice goods manufacturers, they wanted to trade for new and unknown auction site, an intermediary in the sale of goods B2B and B2C?
How can I get a startup incubator/accelerator for my startup from VC's like Sequoia (or other giants)?
What is the minimum viable product of a consultant?
What are some of the best ways to test a business concept?
How does one promote a project which benefits can only be felt offline?
What are the best lean/agile companies to work for in Berlin?
How would you cheaply track 10 cars driving around in a decent-sized city daily without the owners knowing?
As an entrepreneur how do you just stop caring what other people think when it is not constructive?
Why is a down round so bad?
Should I allow users to send an inbox message before sending a friendship request on a social network site?
I am looking for feedback from investors and entrepreneurs on this pitch deck for Secondesk.
Is there such a thing as an MVP for a luxury fashion startup?
Will hotel owners agree to my service that provides their customers access to local restaurants with a discount?
How do you deal with someone threatening to file a law suit before being incorporated?
How do I start the research about my ideas? I can talk to people, but that won't give me a good sample size. What can I do?
What is the best online start up community?
What is the difference between a lean startup and a lean software development?
Is it worth pursuing IP rights for your startup when it's a service/market/platform?
What are some good virtual startup accelerator programs?
We are building a marketplace (like GrubHub) that provides same day delivery service of some specific (but popular) deli/grocery products. The MVP is almost ready. The contracts with vendors are signed. We need money to launch it. Is this the right time to seek for investments?
Is it normal for entrepreneurs to have growing insecurity as the release day for a minimum viable product approaches?
What are the best reading resources to understand legal and financial matters around startups like: Funding, Equity, Termsheets etc?
When do you discuss compensation/equity when building an app/product with friends?
What was the moment that made you study and apply Lean management principles?
Startups: We just get a call from investor who interested to invest $200,000 in our startup. Is it a good idea?
I want to build Quora for X. What is the MVP for that?
How should I interview a customer to help define the features of his MVP?
How do you manage to get 20 customers to interview when you're a B2B SaaS?
What are the best notes from Y Combinator's "How to start a startup" class?
How do you apply the lean method when your value proposition is an experience?
Are lean gainers effective?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the real estate development industry?
How can you measure the value proposition of your company?
Do I need to register startup for payment gateway and logistics service? 
What is the difference between a prototype and a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is your favorite startup creation methods?
My business partner and I are splitting our startup equity 60/40. I have put ~$15,000 into it and he put $0. What is a fair equity split? 
What's an MVP exactly (for a mobile app)?
What is the cheapest and best service option to host parse server?
How do successful entrepreneurs know which ideas have business potential?
I do not want an investor for my startup. Is this a negative sign later on?
What does it mean for equity to dilute proportionately?
How is the career in lean technology?
How do you make programmers work 60-80 hours per week?
What is the proper way to make cost model for a startup?
What are the best KPI's for a two-sided marketplace?
I have an idea, a passionate small team, and connection to the potential customers. Is there a step by step recipe that I can follow to create a successful startup?
Startups: What is the best advice for generating inbound interest in your startup?
What are the available Python certifications in India which are valid as per the companies?
Will Pedram Keyani ever think to work for an Indian startup?
After your idea and lean canvas is validated and you have first few paying customers within days, what framework could help execution? Thanks
How does equity within a private company work? (I am running a start-up, and planning to source for new funds to scale the business).
What would be the minimum viable product/service be for a start-up gym?
Where can I find Ios / Android developers online to hire?
How can I find an IIT tech co-founder for my startup?
Where does my product fit in the Bootstrap to VC spectrum?
Is there proof that the lean startup movement has truly increased the chances of a startup's success?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I have an online document processing project targeted to USA consumers. Should I create a company in USA knowing that I already have a company in EUR?
How do I apply the Lean startup method to a TV network?
For a hardware startup, building a prototype is more costly than for a software one. Is it common for angels to seed fund with only a very rough prototype? What tips can you give to keep things lean?
Is Japan a good place to start a start up?
How do I make a product simple and flexible?
What is the basic definition of start-up?
Which country i should relocate to?
Why do Steve Blank and Bob Dorf never give any credit to Eric Ries about the Lean startup methodology?
What is the best way to build a lean business plan?
How can I become MVP in salesforce?
I am a tech founder. Developed the whole product and got some beta users. How can I get funding for marketing my startup?
Will I screw my startup up by setting up the incorporation, vesting/shareholder and other legal documents by myself?
As of Jan 2016, has the bay area job market cooled off?
Are entrepreneurs overly focused on obtaining investment at the expense of product and customer development?
As a 24/7 startup entrepreneur, how do you connect with other people?
What are the various free video platforms that can be used to create content for video marketing of a new E-commerce startup (online store)?
Can anyone let me know the websites similar to www.yourstory.com, like specific to India?
Who is better placed to startup and run a business successfully, an expert in something or a jack of all trades?
How do I test out and look into the abilities and background of a friend I want to cofound a startup with?
I have a web developer/designer who will make my website full functional in 3 months. I am giving him some cash (too less) and 2% of the share of my startup. Is it a good deal?
What field should I focus on in my Q&A site?
Where can I find an advisor outside of Silicon Valley who has built and sold companies and is well-versed in Lean Startup methodology?
How do I learn a language to read technical material?
How do you make something unscalable scale, without adding proportionate man power?
Is there anything wrong with hiring failed entrepreneurs to join my startup?
What should I do? What is a better choice?
How is ProcksS different from Quora?
Would you like to intern with my startup (3-4 months) as an iOS developer in New Delhi?
How can a mobile application development services startup get investment?
What happens to the founders of startups who get funding but never get acquired or an IPO? If their startup fails, do they get anything out the deal?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
I have a truly innovative business model, think Groupon before it was invented. How do I protect the idea and avoid copycats entering immediately?
How can I discover who are my (future) customer?
How hard is it to create machine learning cloud computing enterprise software?
What does it mean to do a product launch these days, considering you can sell your MVP?
What are platforms outthere that let you invest small amount such as $100 in startup?
What are the most promising startups in SF under 50 employees that are funded by multiple top VCs?
Should I give up on my current startup and start thinking about another idea or should I give my current startup some more time?
Who are the founders of Lean Startup?
Are there any investor success stories of an investment in a startup without any traction?
How would you apply the lean startup methodology to a street stall business?
What is the next step up in technology from aggregator sites?
How does a bootstrap startup go about finding a good affordable general attorney?
Is there a habit of kidnapping or assassinating business competitors at the Fortune 500 level?
How crazy is it to voluntarily be "homeless" to pursue the "lean startup" ideal?
Are companies adjusting to a "nomad" style (especially lean startups) where through mobile tech they can run companies without offices?
What are the best arguments for and against the view that you don't need to talk to users in person - that online chat is enough?
What are the main challenges faced by Singaporean companies when practicing lean startup methodologies?
What is your biggest problem as an entrepreneur looking to build a mobile or web app and start a business?
What does x% mean when a startup offers stake? Is it x% of the company, or x% of the employee options?
Is the success rate of Indian tech startups higher than that of Silicon Valley?
How do I use lean startup to improve events?
How do I come up with a marketing plan for a mobile app which was launched a few months ago and already has a social presence?
Apart from the lean startup methodology, what are some other best practices for running a startup?
How do you calculate the profit or loss in a manufacturing plant?
I want to register an advertising firm. How should I register it? Should I go for an LLP or a company?
Is it ok to have 3 value propositions?
We just begin a startup, and we would like to have the best counselor or consultant we can get. What is the best way to get what we want?
How does 10x product usually built: from day one or incremental?
I'm moving my startup from Sweden to Santa Monica for good reasons. What should I think about?
Do I start a startup with no experience or work in order to gain experience?
What are unique or fascinating business experiments you conducted and what were the results?
Doubts in startup company registration , its address selection and mode of registration (offline/online)?
Is there any value to a company being part of software bundles?
How lean can you be as a SaaS startup yet still grow to >1m ARR?
Does an organization that applies lean processes require a lean accounting department?
Have you ever used a lean startup approach for healthcare projects?
Are there some consulting services small businesses/startups are willing to pay for?
I´m 17 and searching for a mentor. How can I find one?
I am an entrepreneur in the digital health industry. I am highly convinced about my idea, though I now feel I could have chosen a better team. What should I do?
Do lean practices actually work?
Do any international investors invest in startups and teams from Serbia?
What are early stage analytics startups?
What nowadays technology would you use if you have to build the MVP of dropbox?
How do I start a lean project?
Have you ever had an idea which you were discouraged from furthering, only to see someone else have success with something very similar?
What is the drawback of hiring a CTO with poor communication skills?
Is there any serious company allowing non US residents to run a Kickstarter campaign (getting donations and redistributing them to the campaign creator)?
What are some good books describing different types of organizational cultures?
How do we drive innovation across companies, communities and countries in a sustainable manner?
How do I talk to the customer in a right way for customer and product development?
What steps can I take to start my tech business in the mean time until I find a founder or programmer to build the product?
How do you understand what the RAM, GB, process types, etc. for Heroku and mLab price means in terms of how much Parse Server usage/users that allows?
If your customers are hard to reach for customer interviews, they're hard to sell to, so drop them. Is this statement true or false?
What are the consequences of opening a franchise of an online service marketplace?
In which cases are angel investors a better choice for web startups than VCs?
Which problems do you face with traditional banking that you would like to see solved by a (tech) startup?
What are the challenges or benefits an Indian man is faced with if he makes a business partnership with an Indian woman for a startup?
How did Shopify/Wix overcome Yahoo! Store?
My co-founder does not believe in reading books like lean startup and the like. What should I do?
I'm running tech-service startup. Should I hire a tech guy who can't say "I don't know"? 
I see a lot of questions about starting a business without money. Would you be interested in an end-to-end course on how to do it? Yes or No? Thanks!
What kind of freelancers are hired to perform 5/5 star execution in lean startups?
Can lean management concepts work in political environments and government systems? Why?
As a Lean Startup entrepreneur, what is keeping you from doing customer development?
Does building a minimum viable product mean poor user interface?
Does entrepreneurship equal financing?
What questions would you ask with a form in order to get insight into the users’ needs?
What business strongly related to cars can be run online?
Lean Startups: Where can I get legal advice about startup investment?
Is it okay if I release an MVP without ‘production-ready’ code, and then add to the code quality after releasing my product?
What startup/business to start with $50,000 that could generate $5 million in a couple of years?
Is there a lean process for creating costume jewelry and fashion accessories?
MVP is ready but UX needs improvement. Should we wait and work on design or release now?
Can the 'Third Italy' model grow our SMEs too, and drive Modi's 'Make in India' initiative? How?
Is diversification the need for any business to grow?
What are the best books on managing a team of designers and developers?
Could Instacart work in a place where there is a grocery store within 300 meters?
Which software for managing projects based in lean startups do you know?
How can I incorporate in Delaware without spending money on a lawyer?
I have a dating startup idea, for which I've created landing page, tested with Google AdWords and found to have a $1 conversion rate (the best so far in the various test ideas I've run). Also I have engineers willing to work on it with me. Is that sufficient to ask for some seed capital, quit my job, and go full-time?
If you were given $25,000 to start a startup business in San Francisco, what would it be?
Is Google not creating Google assistant integration for Android 6 just because of selling point for pixel phones?
What are some ways to recover if you've failed to successfully use the lean startups method in your company? How can you get back on track to success?
How much equity should I be expecting, if any at all?
What did the founders of Quora initially start with for the front-end of the website, at the very first stage?
How can I get traction for my startup MVP?
Is it true that most startups start in adversity? If yes, why is it so?
Andrew Ng: What do you think about future Machine Learning startups will be?
Silicon Valley Season 2: How often does negging VCs work, and how far does one actually want to take it?
Should I name my MVP something different to what my "real" web startup will be called?
What are the most important things to keep in mind while creating a landing page to get validation for a service?
How can I contact or meet billionaires to invest in a life extension company pertaining to stem cells?
How do I process lean in the framework of software development?
Do you know some stories regarding how startups have built the different building blocks of the lean canvas by using the lean approach?
How do we quickly create high-quality thought-leadership blog articles for our niche?
What is minimum star rating of any product /service you have ever seen? (Out of 5)
After a lean startup becomes profitable, is it better to invest in infrastructure or advertising?
What are the best companies to outsource a web development project to?
If you had access to KISSmetrics data, what feature would you build to make the platform more useful?
How can Instacart justify paying their full service shoppers so much?
How does NewsHunt get news from different news websites?
Should I spend time on building a payment process for an early stage startup product (prototype) or just encourage users to use the "Free Plan" to get their first feedbacks?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from prototype to the App Store?
Do I need to set up a business bank account to start a startup (ecommerce)?
What are the mentors "key tasks" when helping startups? What's the key benefits startups can get from mentors?
What does unfair advantage mean in business terms?
What advice can you give to a team of three hard-working and dedicated students asking for an startup advice?
How was your experience using the lean startup methodology?
What is the best way for a new organization to get a logo when it has little or no budget?
What do you tell people when you're called crazy for having chosen entrepreneurship over a standard career?
Why are we seeing massive funding rounds for early stage companies?
Would deeply understanding motivations and motivators behind customers' decisions help you in business planning?
What service will allow me to have a private mobile (ios & Android) beta with more than 2000 testers?
What are the best stories of persistence?
What does lean sourcing mean?
How can we form a committed group for launching a start-up?
Teamwork.com (TeamworkPM) vs. Basecamp vs Wrike vs Asana vs Jiira. Which is the best project management tool? Which is the best for software development (large companies as well)?
What plan and strategy is used to lean level by a level lean programming language?
Where can I find a good list of local professional service categories?
What do I do about my company's culture of staying late?
What kind of business conditions should we set-up to handle a SCRUM-driven project?
Has the lean startup method affected the failure rate of startups?
What is a great way to test the memorability of a company name?
How can a bootstrapping startup legitimately pay for a good startup lawyer?
Which are great companies to work for in pre-sales if I am good at data science?
What do you think about this non-Clear investment process?
We want to start up a business venture in the UAE and expand internationally. We are lost. What can we do?
If our target market is Europe, can we still apply to TechStars?
What are the legal procedures required to start a startup and what it costs?
How do I get users for MyLikes alternative Bonusposts.com?
Is there a standard method in which a specific business model which is rapidly scalable can be attached or implemented to any startup company (mobile app, PC apps, web apps, games, tools, SaaS, IaaS, Paas, etc.)?
How do you seek validation from your prospective customers?
Has anyone personally used Lean Six Sigma as an overall Business Strategy Methodology?
Is it possible to be a business success without any mentorship?
Why has Salesforce never turned profitable?
How much should one spend on an MVP?
Statistically speaking, what is the failure rate of a startup?
What is the best way to do customer development when you cannot speak directly to customers?
I have built a pre-launch page to generate curiosity. How do I get more people to sign up on my pre-launch page?
What are the best Facebook groups for learning about and discussing EU startups?
What are the top ten Indian startups with less than 30 employees in April 2015 that one should consider working with?
How did Airbnb avoid liability when they implemented their growth hack with craigslist?
I run a free game server company with over 100,000 users. I see users from America, Europe, India and Australia. How can I get in touch with potential advertisers to monetize my user base?
Is there anyway I can have a private beta for a location based app with thousands of users without putting it on the app stores?
I'm looking for a web developer/CTO for my tech startup in Singapore. Where can I find one?
Do you have trouble hiring developers?
What ways are there to evaluate the amount of development my startup will need to be realised?
What is the best way to mentally prepare to become an entrepreneur?
Is "Offering a low price" considered novel element when describing the advantages of a startup?
What are some interesting stories about startups in India?
What are some start-ups that have benefited from lean marketing?
I have a startup idea. Most people I have talked to say that it is good. I also have the money to invest. How do I gather courage to do it?
What would it cost to develop and design a website like backpackmoves.com?
How do you test your app design for the most popular iOS and Android phones?
Will lawyers keep my startup information confidential when talking to them as a prospective client?
Can a person alone code an app like Instagram?
How do pre-funded/pre-revenue founders spend their time?
I am planning to create an app. But where should I start? How do I know if my venture is going to work? Do I need to have a concrete plan to do the coding?
Which genius approaches have startups taken to acquire customers at a very cheap price?
I want to have a business of my own. How can I achieve this?
How do you build the perfect crowdfunding campaign team when you have no money?
How do you build an exceptional customer support for your early-stage software startup?
Why is there no innovation in consumer-facing mortgage lending?
I have emails of a few thousand college students, collected by a friend's failed startup. Can I use these emails for my startup?
Is it possible to implement a tech startup to a point where you can hire a CEO within 18 months much like Rocket Internet? If so, how?
How do I find interviewee (B2C) in Japan for problem interview (Lean Startup)?
What are some examples of internet companies that created a need rather than filling one?
What are some thoughts about renting goods daily?
I'm a very lean fashion startup. Should I not even bother spending any money on Facebook Ads and focus on Pinterest alone?
For my MVP, should I hire a full stack developer or front end and back end developers?
Are there recommendable third party accounting services that can provide interim support for a company with $2.25M in annual revenue? At what cost?
What makes a start-up successful?
How can I find marketeers to sell my SaaS application in the USA?
I recently launched a fashion startup. How do I convince users to signup?
Are there any visual examples of metric tracking systems/dashboards that big companies have (Facebook and Twitter)?
Can one use the lean startup methodology to help people to use the lean startup methodology?
What is the time duration to learn  Java script?
What is the right mix of roles and positions for a web app development company of 10-15 people?
What are the difference between MVP and beta version?
Why do people get so nervous about signing up?
How do I get a smart Electrical/Electronic engineer for my very specific start-up idea?
What was Yik Yak's marketing scheme and how did they execute it?
What are the best ways to test startup ideas and at what point does an idea become worth pursuing?
What are tools every soloprenuer should use?
Are there law firms where startups can apply and pay very low rates with the assumption that once you get VC the firm will be representing you?
Should I prepare the business model keeping VCs in mind or should it be self sustainable?
What all things should be asked in a typical customer interview be carried out during the initial startup stage of building the product?
How can an SEO freelancer work as a solo-entrepreneur if SEO has many aspects (on-page, off-page, produce content, etc.)? How many customers can they get before it collapses?
Have you ever met a successful entrepreneur that got their start by asking others for help on sites like Quora?
How do websites like "Nextbigwhat" earn money?
Does the book "Startup Owner's Manual" include most learnings from the books "Four Steps to Epiphany" and "Lean Startup"?
Is it advised to have your software developed in India or not?
Is it possible to bootstrap a Unicorn startup?
What should I do to write an e-commerce portal from scratch with 1k products on it?
What would be a suggested startup strategy for a lean digital agency?
What should I do on my 12 hour flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo to become a better tech company founder?
What is Vodafone mini store (VMS) business model in India?
How did Uber get their first bookings when they launched?
Do I accept a job from IBM consulting or continue working on my own business?
What is a good gift for a teen who wants to found an internet startup?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I solicit feedback from retail mobile marketing executives on my idea?
Who has more power in a startup? A founder or a CEO?
When is an app supposed to find its product/market fit? Before its official release on the App Store or after it?
Mobile Application Design: What great extra feature would you add to a B2B network connected tablet app?
What certifications should a lean consultant get?
I'm the founder of a SaaS startup and my MVP was built by a (great) dev shop. Now I need to hire engineers. Should I hire 2 full-stack people or 1 back-end and 1 front-end person? Why?
What are some bulletproof ways of getting attention and users as a tech startup?
What are the best tools for startup formation you've found (e.g. sample CapTables, Term Sheets, calculating franchise taxes, etc.)?
Is lean startup the new business process in the IT industry?
Why don't we have entrepreneur meetups in Hyderabad more often?
Why should you be on KarmaCircles?
What could be a possible business model for a startup which focus on social cause like helping the poor and less-fortunates?
Who can be a better tech CoFounder of the two: the one who has 6 years of experience but will operate out of foreign country till serieA funding or the one who has 5 months of experience but lives nearby?
Do technical cofounders usually only focus on coding or also act as a partner in the startup, product and other decisions?
I have an idea for an app. What is the best way to get it made with little to no investment?
I'm 16 years old and want to join some small bootstrapped startup and work for free. Where can I find them?
What are some ways of applying lean startup principles to internal IT projects?
What would be an interesting topic for a MSc research paper on startups (preferably post product-market fit)?
Would you throw away a well paid offer just because the company or product has no potential?
How wise is it to give up my software developer job to start a one man startup?
Can I expect pre-orders for my app?
What are some important things about IMVU?
Startup Advice and Strategy: What is good and bad in building a startup with the minimum number of people?
What is the wittiest employee feedback that you have seen on Quora?
What are some new emerging markets right now in which business could be started with small investment?
Which are the top Incubators and Accelerators across every Industries and sectors worldwide?
Just launched my startup keepvisitors.com, which gets you visitors for your website for free. What do you think?
How do I increase paid signup?
How do I measure how successful my startup idea "MVP/landing page" will be using Google Analytics?
Would a technical person hire a non-technical co-founder who is willing to work only for equity?
What are the best ways to generate B2B leads on a low budget?
Whare are the top 10 issues of SaaS CEO's?
Minimum Viable Product (MVP): Should I focus on my niche product or my B2B API?
Can I hire a CEO for my startup without losing my equity via vesting?
Does my startup's in-house developed platform need customer validation though it got developed through direct experience of its founders?
What are the pros and cons of the products and the teams of Booking and Airbnb?
I'm a student creating a startup. What do I do now?
Amongst the three books - The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, Zero To One by Peter Thiel, and The $100 Startup by Chris Guillebeau - which one is the best, and why?
Is it best to outsource your MVP as non-tech founder, then hire on a CTO later, or find a tech-founder to develop MVP and then launch the startup?
How fast should a consumer website grow from launch to be interesting to investors?
What are limitations or disadvantages of the lean startup methodology?
Can any business be successful with an idea, money and manpower?
How does Rocket Internet build their products so fast?
What is lean?
What are best ideas startup to export in other countries?
What are the minimal features of a social network website in order validate the idea?
Are you using a lean supply flow of material in your organization?
Is there any online community for entrepreneurs?
What are five lean principles identified by the CII?
Where I can get summer internship 2017 in Ahmedabad?
How should I prioritize my Minimum viable product in an online ticketing market where a leader is having 90% share?
If a startup can only be disruptive when it solves a pain point - what causes (or initiates) the pain point?
How can a startup that sells subscriptions be scaled?
What percentage of startup accelerator applicants have a working prototype or MVP by the time they apply?
Hinduism: Does Hinduism lean more toward polytheism or henotheism?
Is there any scope for a new social networking website startup in India if it has a different and new idea?
Is a focus group the best place to start when trying to validate product/market fit?
Is this a move by the RBI to kill startups in India lobbied by corporations as they feel startups are becoming a threat to them?
How can you work 21 hours a day for a year straight, on your own lean startup, most efficiently (I'm 21)?
As a college student what can I do to kick off my start up?
What is lean discovery?
What is the single most helpful book on entrepreneurship you have ever read?
This is my first startup. What do you think about it?
"How do you start a succesful business online, with minimal costs", is this a good research question?
What should an introductory email to an angel investor look like?
Is there a growth strategy that I can apply for my startup that allows small business owners to sell their businesses?
When you were gaining initial traction ($0-2M ARR), what did the day to day progress feel like, and in what timeframe did you get there?
When does agreeing to be acquired by a competitor become the wisest decision/only option for a SaaS startup?
If my website automatically posts the content recieved onto another website. Who is liable if the content is inappropriate?
How often do you do customer development interviews?
What advice would you offer to a first-time entrepreneur trying to launch a startup that offers an in-home cooking service?
Do I really need a female co-founder for my women's personal hygienic products startup?
How many users or revenue should have a startup to determine $5M pre-money valuation?
What are the names of long-term existing startups in the past year apart from e-commerce domains?
What's it like working at a VC firm?
How do I quit a job I just started?
Speaking from perspective of the book 'The Lean Startup', how did you validate the value and growth hypothesis of your business idea? (See details)
Where can I find a list of actions for lean management culture development in organizations?
Assuming my Kickstarter project gets funded, I have two options when it comes to getting my product out to backers. I can wait a month for ocean freight, or, for $7 more per piece, get air freight in 4 days. Should I eat the $7 or add it to my price ($90)?
How do investors earn the money they invested in startups/companies when they are in nascent stages?
My startup is a classified website. Should I moderate the posts (which include photos) made?
What are the limitations of a Prototype over an MVP?
How can I find a start-up technology company that will take some of my personal savings as funding in exchange for some equity?
Is it ok to ask for funding after completing our MVP? Do we need to build traction first? When is the best stage to ask for funding?
How soon is it wise to employ a CEO for a tech startup?
I have an idea for an app, should I build a prototype first or how do I go about it?
I have access to the market leader's customers (legally). My product is very similar. How do I sell to these customers?
How can policy makers use the lean startup principles?
I need to negotiate equity with the developers I've brought on to join my startup (sweat equity). What's your preferred method of handling equity splits?
When vetting a business idea, how do you know if the idea is scalable or not?
How does user testing work when testing on groups of people, not individuals one-by-one?
What do I need to prepare for Error & Omission Insurance before negotiating with the insurance company?
What is the best way to do Police verification for individuals in Tamil nadu?
What are the best questions to ask a growth hacker for a tech startup during an interview?
How do you remunerate advisors for a startup that you're not going to sell?
What would you say is Level Money's "unfair advantage"?
What's a good startup business that doesnt require a lot of capital?
Why did Eric Ries play up Zappo's founder Nick Swinmurn's vision in "The Lean Startup" but made no mention of Tony Hsieh?
What is the best way to start up a restaurant with minimum fundings?
How much can we charge for a software that is able to diagnose ovarian cancer from a transvaginal ultrasound?
I have an idea in the field of mobile advertising. I am a student with no idea or contact whatsoever with the sector. What do I do next? How do I proceed?
Do you need an idea (product or service) to use Lean Startup to create your company?
What do I write in a linkedin summary when I am switching careers and turning an entrepreneur?
What are some companies with revenue without valuation?
Smart People: How can I become a thought leader?
Is there a big downside to using .Co instead of .Com for a startup?
Is entrepreneurship advocacy overblown in India and Pakistan?
What Internet Technology start-ups can be formed in Health and Education sector of India?
What is hallway usability testing?
Are you worried about your website/API/app being hacked?
Does an app like myidealist.co make sense for ideators, start-ups & product lovers?
How can I keep track of all computer technology related conferences happening in India?
How do I convince SaaS customers with monthly plans to upgrade to annual plans?
What are examples of startups that use exclusivity as a major selling point?
Where can I find a high quality content writer for my early stage start-up?
What is the single most important metric of your start-up?
How would you continuously monitor an area of 70 square miles cheaply with a live video feed?
Is helping SMEs grow their business a good idea for a startup?
What's the best way to find a product/market fit for a B2B device/app?
Do I need to found the company before launching a prototype/MVP?
How would you know if you're just building a usable product for a certain market or you're already starting a start-up?
What is good strategy to win early adopters for our upcoming reinvented email client?
Is a lean startup concept useful for writing books and making movies?
What is the best way to sell startup in sport betting area?
How does it feel to see someone build a multi-billion-dollar business on the concept of your previously failed startup?
How do I overcome the fear of interviewing customers in customer development?
How have you applied the Lean Startup framework to your mobile app business?
Does food matter for achieving the sales target?
What is the best way to approach start-ups? Should a team build multiple MVPs and test markets, or focus on 1 MVP?
How do I make a great sales presentation?
As a med student, I still rely on my parent's money for living. What can I do to earn money to sustain myself?
What are steps you should take in creating a start-up website?
How do I make a good batch of lean?
What are the symptoms of a user-friendly startup?
What benefits will I get when my startup is incubated at a startup village?
Why do companies lose their productivity as they grow?
What are the best services for outsourced virtual labor (O-Desk, Mechanical Turk, etc.)?
Now a days a lot of CS startups are on the media. But other than in the computer science field, few startups make it big and get in the media. Why?
What's a name for a job that combines account management and UX?
What online tools can one use to quickly validate the need for a hardware product before making it - what features to have, who are the early adopters, what excites them, distribution channel and so on?
What is an optimal daily schedule to be a productive student and entrepreneur?
What ingredients do you need to make lean or something similar to lean using over-the-counter materials?
What are the best websites to publish an MVP?
What are the steps to reach the funding meeting with a funder? Currently we have only an unstructured idea with little/no background knowledge about how to proceed next
Do I need an MVP if another startup has one already in the same space and getting paying customers?
Would you complete surveys for free meals and deserts on restaurants?
Would you pay for a business tutor that could help you set up a self managing business, and create automatic revenue streams online?
I have 18 months to go from Idea to $10 million revenue . How do I plan this?
Will I be able to get funding for my startup being a solo founder?
What are some startups that had good product/market fit and good founders and surprisingly failed? Why?
What is prockss?
How did Jaedon Whyte learn math?
Can you build a business without solving a problem?
Is a product-based app development company considered a startup?
How much does it cost to run an online business\platform in India? What are the major hurdles and challenges one can face?
Should my company have a board of directors?
What are the main issues you run into when planning events/activities with your group of friends?
What are the most common regrets that venture capitalists have?
What are ways you've found to speed up the customer development process that no one else knows?
Can you decrease a cofounders equity percentage if they go part time if you have a vesting schedule setup?
What is the best website to build a launching page but get you traffic as well?
How can I do lean user research?
Can we call wireframes/mockups a minimum viable product?
An MVP is supposed to have a few important features. Does it also need to be only on one platform or for launching you can have an MVP for web and mobile? What does the lean methodology advise?
How do I convince a business owner that I can increase their revenue? What elements and factors must I touch on in this conversation with the person?
What is the cheapest way to setup a product validation page?
What kind of team do I need for a lean startup with a hardware product?
What is the best first product for a small team?
I had a developer for my promising app concept who developed half of my prototype (sweat equity) before we ran into a conflict of interest and I decided it's detrimental for me to continue with him. Should I just take my concept to an incubator?
Why should electrical engineering people learn the art of progamming?
What's the hardest part about interpreting your startups customer interviews?
How far of my company goals (3 years, 7 years) should I add in my pitch deck for angel investors since I am pre-product and pre-revenue?
How can I start any IT related business with just 2000 euros?
Which tech giants have actually used concepts of design thinking?
What is the cheapest way to test a value proposition (on a landing page) with targeted traffic?
I can choose 3 books. Which one of these books should I buy (details inside)?
When hiring your first product designer, is someone with excellent visual design or deep customer research more valuable?
An investor said yes to join my advisory board, however he said that I should come back when I have everything ready - then he can look at it. What is he expecting?
Lost confidence in my startup idea after working on the same for about 2 months? Don’t know what to do now?
40 of our 200 registered users visits our app daily and after 1 month we have 65% retention rate. This is our MVP. Do we have product market fit?
Is it still a smart investment to start a lifestyle business?
I want to start a robotics startup like schaft robotics. How would a business like that even make money?
Which are the most active online communities, chat rooms where you would pitch a fintech startup?
For a consumer web startup, is it possible to achieve product market fit but not be growing exponentially (in terms of user growth)?
Is it wise to startup in other country if the market you want is occupied in your country?
How do I start getting art commissions?
What is it really like to build an internet company?
What are some lean manufacturing principles that can be used to reduce inventory levels?
What are innovative campaigns that do not rely on significant spend on advertising on TV or search to attract users and build loyalty?
What was the one thing you wish you knew before starting a company?
What do designers do in startups to make them have enough work for a full time role?
What are the best tools to create an MVP (minimally viable product) demo video?
How does a startup determine when it has achieved product market fit?
How can we give a percentage for only a marketing job?
I am meeting telcos and banks to partner on an idea. How do I protect it without asking the attendants to sign a no-disclosure?
Which degree is better to do a product-based tech startup, and what is a good plan? I am 26 years old without a degree.
From people who've been there, is launching a start-up the most intellectually rigorous thing you've done?
What are some 'safe' businesses to start?
Can a founder build a Unicorn startup and become successful without going to Stanford, working at Google, or living in Silicon Valley?
How do I contact journalists and other media persons about our startup?
What are some risks that a founder should know about IT startups?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking interns in a startup?
When is the right time to work on an explainer video for my startup to show for potential customers/ investors (now in customer discovery stage)?
I have my web startup prototype built (just a MVP). I have $100k (my own) in funding. What will be the next step to take using this money to move forward with the product?
What are the best books about developing and executing a product vision?
What’s the best way for me to get customers for a user testing service?
How should hardware startups in Medical Electronics field apply lean startup principles?
What are key retail technology companies that received funding over 2012-2016?
Why were kanban boards invented?
How can I build my product in collaboration with giants like Google, Microsoft etc?
I recently published an app and have a business plan ready for it but I'm lacking motivation to keep working on it. What should I do?
What are some lesser known things for start-up entrepreneurs?
What does the lean startup methodology add to someone who already knows agile methodology?
What is the guidance for creating user documentation in the era of agile software development and DevOps?
Is it worth it to create a direct competitor for Betalist & Product Hunt?
How much money and work do you think it would take to create a nonprofit Uber competitor that gave 95% of all the income to the drivers?
What is the proven way of founding a successful startup, as executed by Google, YouTube, Facebook, et al.?
Is there a need for a rental website for properties outside big cities in US?
Are there any successful websites/apps to make new platonic friends to do activities? Not a dating website.
Which are some of the Bengaluru based electrical engineering start-ups?
How do I sale my startup listing site?
What are your thoughts on using MTurk to do customer interviews? Pros and cons?
Will on-demand beauty and wellness services work in India?
Is it possible to work 3 full time jobs and do a startup?
What would a perfect and ideal start-up business model look like?
So I am going to have a phone conversation with an investor this weekend. He has already seen my business plan. What should I be expecting?
Are there any examples of very successful information based companies?
What is a range in cash and stock to be compensated for customer development for a unfunded startup?
What can I do so that my start-up does not get acquired even after achieving success?
What are the requirements for an IT startup?
As an online booking platform can I launch my App as an iFrame of my responsive design? What are your experiences how customer react?
Can an IT startup be fully developed by a software house?
As a startup trying to maintain growth, what are some of the fears or frustrations that you face?
What do you know the most innovative company in terms of customer development (like ZipCar)?
How critical is writing skill to an entrepreneur or startup founder's success?
Do day dreamers make good entrepreneurs or startup founders?
What are the best coworking spaces in Los Angeles?
Do I need to be an expert in the field in which I am launching a startup?
What if in an startup company interview I say "I want to be an entrepreneur" as a long term goal?
Will Google's AMP impact the SEO strategies? How effective would it be to implement AMP?
Is equity crowdfunding legal in Netherlands?
At which point should one start monetising a mobile app (marketplace) that is in growth mode?
What should I do if my co-founder wants to focus on their career?
I'm building a web application while keeping my day job for financial reasons. The problem is, I'm having trouble getting to work on my business when I get home at 7 pm. How do others manage this kind of schedule?
Do I continue with my app even though there is something similar by an established company?
Which lean metrics should a startup that provides classroom style training (B2B and B2C) use to validate its teaching?
Is it better to start with a minimum viable product or to tease it with a video that shows how the final product works, and wait for the money to build it?
Should I only focus on learning HTML, CSS, & JS to create an MVP?
What are the top 10 challenges small business owners face daily?
How do I practice the lean startup principle?
Who are some prominent tech entrepreneurs who failed massively at first but pivoted into great success later on?
Which product planning/agile/bug tracking platform do most people "upgrade" to when they outgrow Trello?
How do I to turn customer development prospects into customers?
Should I give 70% of my startup’s equity at idea stage for $40k and a tested business model?
If my partner and I are on salaries and I own 25% of our company but I want to buy another 25%, what is best way to structure the buy in with sweat equity?
How does a startup go lean on a B2B product if the business will reject the product at the fist sign of an incomplete product?
Are investors ok being approached by founders who have a day job & haven't yet registered their startup as a biz, but have a prototype & a biz plan?
How does the concept of product market fit apply to non-utility services?
How can I generate leads for digital marketing company?
Does Clerky also setup a shareholders agreement and equity split for you among other things?
Why is lean manufacturing called lean?
Apart from the established seed and angel founders, how can I raise seed funding?
I have an MVP in beta with 20 paying users. I would like to offer the paid consultant who helped build the MVP a role in the company as co-founder and COO. The MVP is based on my proprietary content that was developed over five years. How much equity should I offer?
What does the phrase "metrics are people too" mean?
Which Steve from Silicon Valley influenced the tech startup world more, Steve Blank or Steve Jobs?
How should I learn basic economics needed for entrepreneurship?
What are the main goals of startup?
Larry Page, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates and many more: Why did they start in the US? Would they be as successful had they been born elsewhere?
Joe Lonsdale: What is your view on Lean Startup methodology and What is the pinch of salt advice from lean methodology?
We have a product that is 95% ready but slow and buggy. It uses a lesser-known full-stack framework and our own text editor. My co-founder suggests that we should rebuild it using an open-source text editor and React. This will delay the launch but speed up further development. Should we rebuild it?
What are a few good methods of working out and reverse engineering a SaaS competitor's customer acquisition strategy?
Do you have a company with a scalable business model you would like to expand to Argentina, Chile, Panama, the Netherlands and/or the United Arab Emirates (Dubai)?
With the advent of mobile technology and apps such as uber, will mobile apps take over and become the way forward?
I have an idea. It can work anywhere in the world and I do not want to launch it in my country. I want to launch it in a European country. How can I do that? What will be the most effective steps for achieving this?
What are some companies that have built great minimum viable products for startups?
Who can I lean on if I don't have a family?
I'm a startup founder and don’t have a startup advisor, am I shooting myself in the foot?
What are the must read books for tech start-up finance, and human resource's? All of the video's, ted talks, e-books, any material of ayn kind is highly appreciated
What is a good team culture to develop for a newly seed funded startup?
If I want to build a startup around one of Facebook's features that users use very heavily in many aspects, do I need to validate it?
In my startup, I am planning to hire a CS engineer however, I don't have knowledge about Androids, iOS or web development. How can I become sure about his skills? What can be a method to test him?
How much should a software startup budget for legal expenses when soliciting VC or angel investment (i.e. corporate documentation, patent processing, patent troll litigation, etc.)?
Are we seeing commissioned salespeople disappear from emerging technology companies?
What are the training or startup options in Chandigarh?
What are the most low-value activities one must avoid during the initial phase of LEAN IT start-ups?
Why does everyone talk about the lean startup but do absolutely nothing lean?
What is the difference between The Lean startup method and normal marketing research?
We want to build a unique unicorn generation platform. Is it possible?
What would it take for you to leave your job and co-found a start-up?
Entrepreneurs, any suggestions for freelance developers or agencies you have had success with?
What is venture debt and how does it compare to a regular startup debt? Do the debt holders get interest on the debt in addition to equity or just the interest? If so, what is the typical interest rate and loan term?
What should startups look for when seeking data center space?
What is the best way to get in touch with Indian VCs and angels for seed funding?
Let's say I have a product that's equally B2B and B2C. Features and service should be similar in both cases. Is there any reason to price the two differently?
How do I overcome the sadness that all my startups are for 100s of people not millions or billions?
Based on your experience, What is/are the best practice/s to apply Lean during design phase in construction industry?
The lean startup asks if consumers recognise if they have a problem. Doesn’t this go against the idea of Disruption?
What are essential questions to ask during a focus group while planning a startup?
Why don’t incubators/accelerators provide technical assistance?
I've just launched a new website to swap activities called Activityswap.com, what are your thoughts?
In this talk, what did Brad Fitzpatrick mean when he said that if he started a future company "it would all be in Go"?
How does lean startup work for industrial products? What are key differences to consumer products?
Which business or area can get a boost due to demonetization of Rs 500/1000 notes in India?
Just launched my first startup boxeal.com, what do you think?
I have an app-based business idea and I do not have the technical skill to build the app. How can I find a person/company to develop the app? How can I make sure that the idea is not stolen by the developer? What terms should be set before discussing the idea or through the period of development?
What type of business startups can I start for $20,000 (part-time)?
What are the largest paid membership sites in terms of users?
Are there any books or online resources on funding, valuations, and equity?
If you're just starting a social network website, should you incorporate?
If you wanted to find new moms to make customer development calls to, where would you find them?
I am not USA resident. How difficult it is to open an e-commerce site targeting Americans?
How do I increase website revenue growth at a faster rate?
What are cheap ways to complete a trademark registration?
What is the role of a website in a startup?
Why has Nearbuy deferred new joining & put on bench so many people? Are they on the verge of closing down?
What are the best practices for building a *sustainable* Unicorn?
How should I draw a very experienced engineer from a large company in a small startup with exiguous resources?
What is the best way to get first financing for a big startup?
Can an SaaS business be established with a low budget or self funding?
How should I go about growth hacking an arts and crafts website?
How do I turn my study group on Facebook with 54011 members into successful iOS social application?
What are the best processes or tools for testing startup hypotheses?
Why should I not hire a technical team?
Why is that 99 percent of the startups in India end up not being successful, while the remaining 1% become huge or get acquired by giant players in that sector in exchange for an awesome offer?
Do you mention that your item/service is still at MVP stage?
What are all the things to consider in a startup before approaching an investor?
Is it common for early-stage SaaS startup revenue to plateau around $2-3m ARR? Any milestones or stages that may contribute to this?
Why did Steve Jobs never ask customers or do MVP/ validation?
In an app led business (ie Uber) what are the key cashflow considerations for the app itself (ie. hosting)?
What are the company details of Planscoop.it? What is the difference between this community and Ask Jelly? Can it disrupt Google?
I'm a non-dev starting an app that helps people connect to each other, similar to a dating app. Do I need to be full-time when my app launches?
Is it better to raise a Series A just before an initial product launch or immediately after?
How can one expand its client/customer base in a profession where you can not advertise?
What do general labor startups need for a minimum viable product, or to get early-stage leads?
What is the best way to design a pricing strategy for a SaaS?
How do I acquire customers (tiffins) for my homemade meals?
In this big competition era of e-commerce, can I start an e-Commerce website?
Where can I find a good business plan template for my new startup accelerator?
What are some pain points of local people?
How do I deal with this situation when you launch a MVP to see how it responds to the user and then the user suddenly increases to ultimately degrade the performance of the website?
How do startups gain traction with no MVP?
What are some rental business opportunities?
If you would be employed by a wearables and IoT corporation with unlimited funds and support, what wearable or IoT device would you design, develop and market? Also, why?
Is restricting geographic entry the only way to release an app city by city that is already on the app store?
What are some of the MVPs of companies that went on to become very successful?
What should the commission structure be for the first sales hire at seed stage VC SAAS Startup?
I run a startup: Airbnb for exotic homemade dishes in Paris. What should I do to distinguish myself from others (delivery startups, restaurants) and make the customers happy?
What are the best ways of defining customer segments in customer development?
What preparations should I make if I might have to replace my passionate CTO who joined early when I find someone who suits that position better?
How robust was the MVP of recent top enterprise software companies (then startups) such as Box, Platfora, ZenPayroll and Twilio?
What is Lean accounting?
How does the paperwork for equity work?
Why is there so much confusion about Twitter?
What does a document or presentation describing product market fit look like?
I have a multimillion dollar app idea. What do I do now?
What was Instagram's minimum viable product?
How could I create a startup that researches and develops advanced technology like infinite goblet and other impossible scifi futuristic inventions?
What is the best way to learn basics of Business within a weekend?
What famous companies are LLCs?
How do I improve the strategy for marketing if I don't have money?
When interviewing as an SDR or AE for a B2B SaaS startup, what are some key questions I can ask the company to determine 1) their product/market fit 2) market opportunity 3) my earning potential?
What is a CEO's biggest challenge in scaling their business after they have received VC funding?
Do I really need a partner to launch a startup business ?
How can I discuss pricing with our 100+ beta users when our HR-type software isn't yet built (it's in development)?
Do any law firms have a main startup corporate law office in DC?
In our startup, we added a position that will be responsible for raising as well as relationships with our customers (Companies). What could we name this position?
I am in the process of a startup and plan to hire a CEO as soon as possible. How will this affect my equity?
In lean startup methodologies, when they say 'iterate fast', what is considered fast in the different stages? How fast do we want the answers for the hypotheses?
Is there a landing page template or service that has a field to ask potential customers for their city besides their email?
In a startup, what do you do when you have a lot of things to do, but you don't do it because it is too much?
What is the good book or resource for mobile app startups?
What is the best UAT (User Acceptance Testing) software for lean startup project teams?
How do you take a leap with your startup and not let the fear of choosing wrong keep you spinning in place and not moving forward?
How can I make money from the fuel scarcity in my country currently?
How risky is being a VC compared to playing poker?
How do I answer the investor when asked "okay, what do you need? How can I help you?"?
Who wants to learn Chinese? I want to learn English.
What checklist and system did you follow to build a successful business?
Lean Startup Japan: For startups, what are the best ways to approach the potential early adopters door to door without freaking them out?
As an online ad company just starting out, should you begin with small, middle, or large publishers as your customer? Should you engage ad agencies?
What business opportunities exist in the Netherlands?
How much information should I give on social media about the U/I (user/interface) of the app that I am going to launch?
How do you get over a burn-out in an early stage start-up?
What costly assumptions should an e-commerce startup watch out for?
What lingo in startup culture do you feel is overused today and what should replace it?
What are the best resources for entrepreneurs seeking project-based labor on a shoestring budget?
How did you get the confidence to open a tech company?
How does a 42-year-old freelance software developer with a family (2 kids), six-figure income, and a large mortgage go about developing a successful start-up?
What are the best platforms to recruit tech and product guys?
What is the recommended AWS Architecture for a mobile and SaaS web application startup that’s growing to thousands of users?
LeanLaunchLab.com is shutting down. What's a good alternative to track Lean Startup process?
Is this enough traction for a lean startup to attract seed investors?
What are some inspiring stories about how startup founders made their first sale or profit?
What is lean construction?
How do I apply the "get out of the building" advise?
As a startup, should you post 3rd party reviews and articles written about you on your own social media channels?
What are some of the world's biggest travel businesses?
How should I convince a client to buy Hana and Mobility services from our company and implement it?
What countries or cities have a great startup environment (other than San Francisco and Israel)?
What are the biggest product-related reasons why a startup fails?
What are the challenges faced by SaaS startups in scaling their product? How do they do that? What technologies do they use?
What is the best way to validate a new social network for sports?
How do startups prevent established companies from stealing their ideas (if their product/service is non-patentable)?
What are the best free resources for someone to learn Finance and Accounting to start and support their Startup in its initial stages?
I want to build a web service but I need an API, Can I build a platform incorporating another company API? Or is it best to build my own?
Can someone give me some tips to make lean canvas for my startup?
What percentage should I pay to my architect?
Startups: What is the most cost effective way to generate PR for your startup?
How can a co-founder get more shares in his startup and become CEO?
When building a startup and keeping IPO as exit in mind, what are the things you should be careful about in the early stage?
How should I conduct my problem / solution fit interview if my startup focus on providing wedding related products to couples?
What is the best way to come up with an Eric Ries/lean startup-style proof of concept?
How do I use Lean Startup or Lean techniques to produce music? How can a music producer use Lean to become more effective at writing popular or experimental music that people want to buy?
Why is it so hard to use Google Analytics?
What are the detailed inner workings of the concierge MVP?
Would you order a product online to pick it up within an hour at your nearest store?
Who invented lean startup?
How would have the founders of Quora validated its the business model in the lean start up way?
How should a B2B publisher reinvent himself?
How can I get my first customers in the software and web business? Besides web marketing (which I did a lot without real results), what else I can do?
What's the best start up incubator in Singapore?
Startups in India: Is it necessary to get a startup incorporated before approaching investors?
When is your MVP "good enough" to get in front of potential customers?
What's the market size for speech-to-text technology?
When starting a social network, what kind of things should my company buy first?
What does the research on Entrepreneurial DNA seem to point to?
How do I stand out in the cluttered age of Alibaba and several other portals?
Is there any place you can sell or get awarded for your startup ideas?
How do payment gateways make money?
How can I find a business plan sample for a service similar to Angie's List?
How do we know when a particular industry is ready to be transformed into an e-commerce industry. How do we know the market is ready?
What startups deal with internet privacy?
How many sign ups per page views should an app landing page (consumer app pre launch) hope to get?
What is the difference between the Huge and the Lean Beast?
Should I purchase leads or spend the money on online advertising and content development?
How are lean production and the just in time model beneficial for startups? How do they relate to managing high liquidity?
How do I create scenario for usability testing if to accomplish the task, user will have to provide his personal details?
What are the advantages of establishing a Minimum Desirable Product criteria instead of Minimum Viable Product?
Why does a company need a product manager if it has an UX team?
In one sentence: How to become a successful entrepreneur, founder, startup CEO?
How is Lean different to Six Sigma?
How do I launch my startup outside India?
Can you be sued for unfair, deceptive, untrue or misleading advertising when performing a lean market experiment?
I'd like to reach out to users of thehunt.com. Their site doesn't allow for messaging. Does anyone have any ideas on how I might do that?
How does Parkopedia.com make money?
What is the best way to promote/advertise your mobile app before launching or opening?
How optimistic are you about the South Asian startup ecosystem?
What does Jason M. Lemkin want everyone to know when starting a SaaS company?
My ideas are not going into execution. I am afraid of so many things. Should I be afraid of these things or not?
What are top 3 most annoying concerns of a tech founder/entrepreneur at each development stage of his startup?
How can I collect online payments for SaaS without processing credit cards?
Which startups have the best shot at competing with SpaceX?
I've followed the lean startup method and created some test landing pages and threw up Google AdWords against them. One of them is working out much better than the others. How should I calculate the threshold to conclude it's working?
What advice would you give someone going to Silicon Valley for 2 weeks to get an internship at a startup?
How might the lean startup process be applied to restaurants?
What is the best way to approach clients with broken websites to offer your web design services?
Can I start matrimonial business with an MVP?
What will be the outcome of using lean manufacturing?
UK Business: I'm 22 and have an idea for a range of technology products I want to manufacture and set up a company around. Where can I start?
Is it better to build a product at first or create a product after creating a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is the name given to the tendency of startup founders to believe they know what the market wants?
What would be the average/recommended time for a quick MVP experiment?
How hard and feasible is it to go from 10 to 100 SaaS customers for ACV 10K?
What are the types of startups a mechanical engineer can start?
Should an entrepreneur be able to build a MVP on their own?
I am planning to start a startup based on home automation systems. I have also done a prototype of it. Should I take a risk and try out for my startup or should I take up a job?
How many MAU would be striking of a disruptive chat platform to be noticed by a VC for A series deal?
What are some ideal growth targets for startups?
What are the most significant blogs and podcasts about agile and lean start-ups?
What are some alternative titles to CEO in a startup project?
With off-the-shelf tools, how would you build a tiny Wordpress web app?
What do you think of this statement for building a startup, "outsource early and hire late"?
What are some simple yet unknown innovations in the Indian online start-up space which most people don't know about?
Are there any startups that are the global equivalent of RedBus.in?
What's your take on the new eRetail company, flontshop.com?
Should I replicate a working business model from the US, etc. in a foreign country instead of trying hard to  find product market fit?
What are the best-in-class startups providing in-store mobile payment solutions?
I have successful startup but I don't know how to find investment, or consultant to solve current problems
Why are some MNC public relations agencies putting 15 people on a client account where 3 will do?
What are the things startups have to get right?
What are some of the tools that you used very early on in your startup that you still use today?
What's the difference between MVP and lean start up?
Why do startups need to begin with a Minimum Viable Product?
What is the lean startup definition of a successful startup?
Which location is the best to base your startup: Greater Boston Area, NYC or Silicon Valley?
Would entrepreneurs be interested in learning how to design and implement back-end systems to scale their startup?
which books do you suggest for startup?
How does one get acquired?
What does it mean for a software company/startup to be able to iterate quickly?
How do I find and acquire IT outsourcing clients for my startup software development firm?
How do I track retention rate for restaurants?
In early 2016, what does a typical benefits package look like for post-Series A startups in the Bay Area?
What are some good step by step guides to building an MVP?
Is it a bad idea to launch a startup in a market that is shrinking?
Where can I find lean startup MVP sources for my unique social media idea?
What are good countries to start a business in Africa?
I want to know about the concepts of six sigma, lean and other advances across various industries. Can anyone suggest a site or a book for this?
What is the best way to structure employment of first few employees of cash-constrained startup that sufficiently incentivizes them but does not allow them to leave with a big chunk of the company if it does not work out?
I have an app idea for the video game industry. How do I build a MVP and test the market for demand?
Has someone ever tried to make a landing page that adapts to the adwords campain that leads to it?
What is the most awesome and innovative startup you've ever heard of?
What are the 12 major lean tools?
How long did it take to build your web based startup MVP?
How do I test an eCommerce product idea?
How do you start your own business since you still have no specific ideas about what business you are going to start?
What is better to own 100% of a small company or 10% of a big company?
How much time does Betapage.co take to publish the startup listing after submission?
What is better for the startup: Launching fast but unstable and badly designed app or taking time and launching a beautiful and stable app?
Who makes more money, a bootstrapped entrepreneur or an entrepreneur who raises a lot of VC money?
What strategy should we adopt to market our newly launched eCommerce website flontshop.com?
What are the principles of lean manufacturing?
I'm creating the next Facebook and I've received funding. What steps should I take?
How do you determine MVP?
Is it possible to start a tech company without wanting to actually run it? How does one structure something like that? Would raising funding be difficult?
As a (lean) startup mentor, what is your primary motivation for helping someone avoid spending ~6 months and 100k building the "wrong" thing?
I read daily lifehacker.com and askmen.com, what are the best blog or podcast for entrepreneurs and starting small businesses?
Why should a startup carry out its processes based on the lean manufacturing concept?
I have developed too many business plans from different ideas, but everyone is so potential and appealing that I don't know which one to focus on first. What should I do to make a choice?
What does an entrepreneur go through from the idea to the IPO?
What is generally a good conversion rate from industry events to various channels?
After I get the initial funding for my start-up, how will I be repaying it back to them?
I am starting a tech startup and I have a choice of two co-founders/CTO. Which one do I choose?
What's the best revenue model if I want to organise weekly entrepreneurial events?
I'm a software engineer with an app (alpha build) and no desire to learn business management. How do I get investors/partners? Where do I start?
Do I kick my lazy friend out of our 3-month-old startup because 95% of what's been accomplished is due to the 24/7 effort I've put in and I can't get him to accomplish anything other than provide a couple thousand dollars?
Is Jelly to first company to reverse pivot back to their original startup idea and then become acquired?
How should an aspiring entrepreneur and web developer spend a $50 Amazon gift card?
When Chamath Palihapitiya talks about the upcoming $5 trillion in reallocation of wealth/spending, what is he referring to?
What are some of the core problems India is facing which can be resolved by a startup?
What can I do in Marketing while the products are not ready for massive usage?
If you were launching a price comparison web app, what will be the top 3 must-have features to include in your MVP?
What are the principles of lean enterprise?
What are the best ways for B2B Lead Generation?
Is starting a mobile app development company a bad idea?
Can investors ask for my software design documents, before investing?
Could you kill a startup by raising too much funding?
How would you approach launching an online counseling service for software, application, and online tool recommendations?
We're trying to cut down on transaction costs that are due to our payment gateway. We can't afford to pay the margins that Braintree and other alternatives are offering. Is there any alternative?
What are the advantages of Asana over Producteev?
Does lean manufacturing work or fail?
Are Oyobaby & OyoRooms the same company?
What is a list of startups that practice "lean startup" practices?
What do you think billionaires/innovators of tomorrow are or should be studying?
How do you create a landing page to validate an idea without Google suspending your AdWords account?
Feeling slightly depressed about a competing company, can I still overtake them?
Which email clients do startups use for business mails (not email marketing)?
What are some drawbacks of lean startup model?
How easy is it to register a trademark?
How can we improve a SaaS discovery platform's AngelList page?
What is the best approach to disrupt the test prep companies?
As an entrepreneur, is it my job to get my iOS app from demonstration-purpose prototype to final product?
When is it time to start asking manufacturers for material doantions (office supplies, software, vehicles) for your startup?
Is it legal to not pay an employee for his totally unproductive days even if he was present?
How do you define the roadmap for your product? What methods do you use to track progress, and identify red flags and milestones?
What are the signs of a toxic founder?
Do I owe an accelerator that refuses to match my investment out?
Chamath Palihapitiya: What should a teen do, to prepare for entrepreneurship?
Who has made money from a maybe crazy idea they got from people's questions and answers on quora?
What's your motivation to bootstrap your startup?
In your opinion, what are the most promising technologies in the oil and gas sector?
Can anyone help understanding the lean startup concept?
Do Microsoft notifies about MVP Nomination rejection?
Do you know any examples of companies using a Lean approach?
What should be my answer if VC , Investor or Angel investor asks why did your first Startup failed?
How would a designer do a startup?
How do you sustain app download numbers and earnings after being featured by Apple?
I’m a finance professional (IB + private equity) moving to an early-stage startup in a COO/lead business development role. How can I best prepare myself to excel?
What are the pros and cons of having your spouse as co-founder?
What are the lean ideas who saves cost?
What causes an app to feel “clunky”?
What are the challenges faced by a startup aimed at the concept of bike sharing with the Uber model?
What are some new markets that have just emerged due some new inventions or scientific breakthroughs?
As a non technical founder, does it make sense to build a MVP through something like WordPress before building it for good?
Is it optimal to open a physical nightclub following lean start-up methodology?
What are the best ways to ask an entrepreneur/investor for feedback on my startup idea?
Should a marketing blog or strategy form part of my MVP?
Is it difficult to find a tech co-founder?
What examples of the greatest communities built around software products do you know?
When is the best time to ask for seed funding for a mobile startup? Before building an MVP or after building a fully-working MVP?
We made our first few sales--now what?
Are we allowed to split equity in a Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) structure?
I'm on a team developing an app that finds clinical trials for the conditions you have in your area that you are eligible for. Would anyone use such an app if they could get paid to be in a study?
What are the major computing costs that a mobile applications startup incur once they are done with a minimum viable product or running prototype?
Is Mailcloud's beta process a new best practice?
What should I do next to further build my startup?
What is the proven way for a startup to make the first billion in a short period of time?
How can I estimate the gold nanoparticles consumption rate or market size in Brazil?
What is your experience of living together with your cofounder, excluding cases where you are life partners?
Startups: How do I expand my startup into another country/city? 
What is the best gig economy service to hire someone to do ratings at different locations for my Yelp-like app?
Who were the seed and early investors in eToro?
Young Entrepreneurs: What is the best way to teach entrepreneurship in schools?
What are the keys to a successful business? What makes Google what it is today while thousands of other businesses have minimal growth or fail on the spot?
What would you ask to your favorite entrepreneur (author/specialist/CEO/consultant) if you had the opportunity?
What is the seed round used for?
Why should you read THE LEAN STARTUP by Eric Ries?
According to VCs, angels and other investors, is it frowned upon to "live large" and raise funding for your own startup company?
If you're planing to start an online business in a developing country in Asia, which model would you clone (excluded Amazon, Groupon, Uber, Delivery Hero & Yelp)?
What's the best shipping frequency for an MVP?
I have no real skills but I have ~$200,000 and want to start a business. What should I do?
Is YCombinator shooting itself in the foot? Paul Graham, gives general advice to everyone on his blog. So do all the other YC partners. 
How do I calculate the real cost of creating MVP in a startup?
Can I mention bad actions taken by companies in the industry in my crowdfunding video?
Why do users use the marketplace for services rather than the yellow pages, or other directory listing web sites?
Which people should I hire to build and manage a SaaS website?
Is the Lean Startup Conference Week worth it?
What are great gifts for young entrepreneurs?
Are startup teams always the same (sales hustler + hacker)?
The startup that I was helping told me they don't need me anymore, without any compensation! What can I do?
If you give 0.5% equity for an early employee, and if you make it to an exit, after several rounds of dilution, will the early employee have any significant % in the company? Or will his 0.5% will be diluted to too low?
Should I bring my own product idea to market or just sell other peoples' products?
How do I price a subscription service in an educational startup?
What are some example MVPs for a subscription service or ways to validate the product?
Can a single nontechnical founder launch a MVP through an alpha and beta without a developer onboard?
What are good ideas about analytics services?
What was Xero's initial growth model, including an analysis of how and why it worked?
When is the right time for a web-startup to hire for each role along its growth?
What is the worst thing that can happen to an early stage startup employee?
What could I be doing right now to help my startup before my app is developed?
Where can I find startups or small business that need help with their web or app design/development?
What is the optimal allocation of time and resources in startups, how does it evolve between early-days and the point where it's ready to scale?
Should I directly set-up my business of processed foods/snacks or run a franchise for beginning?
How can one benefit from being an intern in a startup before one starts his/her own startup?
How do you make pink lean?
Is it a good idea to start a very ambitious startup as a young first time entrepreneur, or is it  better to start with a startup addressing a smaller problem?
Where can I get a pro-bono co-founder agreement created?
What good smaller law firms and boutique shops in the US do deferred payments for startups?
Where can a young entrepreneur live cheaply in London?
Entrepreneurship: We have reached 1.5M monthly users with our startup and will reach 2M by the end of this month. How difficult could it be to close our round A?
Have any subscription product offerings started out selling one product and expanded their product line to become an ecommerce store in that vertical?
Would you invest in a bootstrapping startup that reached $50k MRR in three months with negative cash flow?
What are some innovative ideas for non-diluting financing for a tech startup?
What do you need to approach investors to ask for seed capital for a startup (business plan, power point, financial model, etc), and how detailed should those documents be?
What do you think is the future of startup culture in India? Is India more suitable for lean marketing startups or social innovation startups?
How should we go about building our MVP for a video community/ecommerce startup?
Can a mobile hair salon work, and if so, what are its challenges?
What are the main problems a tech startup is dealing with most, during each startup stage?
Are programming bootcamps like Hack Reactor, DigitalCrafts, and Dev Bootcamp also for start-up founders?
Does H Wayne Hayes Jr an entrepreneur from Miami, FL deal in real estate too?
When starting a C corp, what must I do so I don't get into any legal trouble?
After Ola and Gaana.com, Zomato also got hacked. Are Indian startups even concerned about their user's data?
How do you integrate Facebook Conversion Tracking with LaunchRock signups?
What type of company entity should I form for my consultancy in San Francisco?
Are you looking for bulk email database for your startup in India?
Where do internet startup companies need to host their websites in the initial phase, and how much does that cost?
Can business trips and conferences be considered for startup equity?
Uber Raises $1.2B at $40B Valuation (December 2014): What impact does Uber's latest funding round have on its IRR?
What should I do to get internship in startup?
What are the best ways to quickly test a startup?
What are your favorite tools and/or services to help you launch, power, or create new products or companies?
What is the cheapest website to use for designing and printing my own T-shirts?
What is the best book about marketing for my mobile app?
What is the best option for someone who wants to be a CEO at some point of a tech firm, out of a business analyst or a scrum master?
Which one is better for startups: Exotel or Freshdesk?
How do I find an outsourced CEO for my startup?
Which successful software companies started with outsourcing their product development?
Startups: What does it mean to "fail better"?
I have a MVP for financial advisers ready for launch. Do I test it in a small group for 3 months or release it online now? Idea is to seek funds. Thnx
What are the ways to validate a sharing WiFi ecosystem idea?
How can one empower the startup?
How do you get past the isolating feeling of being a tech startup founder?
Which is the best startup book?
Do any non-linear dynamic (chaos theory) equations describe user growth in startups?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of the US-based pitch competitions?
How can a startup that has to be in compliance with HIPAA pilot a software program without spending on all the legal fees to test a theory?
I have a novel app idea. What should I do to start a company? I have no software background. Should I get funded first, learn by myself or hire people
Can a startup that creates a physical product ever be scalable?
Our startup has commercialized a BSD licensed project, is there anything wrong with doing this, even if the project maintainer hates our idea?
What are some startup costs that you didn't anticipate?
In an alternate, parallel universe where every startup gets $10 million of automatic funding initially, would the failure/success of startups be different?
Are Australian incubators Pollenizer and Blue Chilli giving a fair deal to new startup founders & do the same deals exist outside of Australia?
How do I start a new business with no experience?
How do I sell my app or website startup idea?
Is it better, more efficient or easier to sell services over products in a groundup lean startup launch? Why or why not? How is cashflow different?
My startup is sending me on a guilt trip because of the team that I have recruited. What should I do? See details
What are the best examples of Christmas cards sent out by a startup to its clients?
How did Quora receive its first round of funding?
What lessons have been taken away from the 'dot com crash'?
Should I tell my boss that I don't feel I will meet a deadline and that we should take the time to build things properly?
Does Elon Musk practice "lean startup" practices?
How much can you trust a non coded MVP? Can you get a real sense of market acceptance of your app idea only based on drawings, landing pages and just talking to people? Don't functionalities and design count?
For an MVP stage do I need all features listed below?
What is the best example of establishing a successful and self-propelling culture of execution in your company?
How do you validate a start up idea for an IT / professional service? How would you create an MVP if it's a service?
What are some good resources for learning about startup analytics?
Why do so many tech companies raise money if you don't need a lot of money to start a tech company?
Why are assumptions in Lean UX written in the form of "we believe ... to be true" and not in the form of "we do not know if ..."?
What is an all-encompassing company name for 2 personal growth businesses - one in health and one in business?
Is it a conflict of interest for Yahoo to acquire a company that Marissa Mayer has invested in?
How much should I budget for an MVP app?
Will Box be the next $10-50 billion company?
What are some of the ground rules for starting a solar installation company?
How are experienced (10+ years) developers typically compensated in an early stage startup?
How should I account for C-Corp startup legal costs paid from personal account?
I have founded a startup for the money because I need the money but with progress I find I am not in love with it. What do I do?
What habits are most effective for adapting the lean startup methodology and mindset?
Our startup is a digital platform that's raised roughly 70K. Coding has been outsourced to date, but we believe it's best to bring on a qualified CTO that can also handle the front end load. What's an appropriate compensation both monetarily and equity-wise?
Which are the best examples of Minimum viable product (MVP)?
Where are the entrepreneurs of Gurgaon (Gurugram)?
If I have a private alpha test launch of my mobile app is there no need to have a private beta?
Does Entrepreneur H Wayne Hayes Jr from Miami have it in him to become the next big shot like Donald Trump or Michael Bloomberg?
How do you build a business Mastermind? What websites exist to help make them?
How can I learn Android in 15 days?
How important is a recommendation to a VC or Angel?
Being a good programmer and a visual thinker how could you help startups with MVP or MLP development?
If my company can get supplies at very low price if bought in huge quantities, who is the one that loses in the operation?
How do you get past the chicken and egg startup problem and reach critical mass?
Why is "Lean On" song so overated?
What is lean startup methodology? How is it useful for a startup?
What is the best minimum viable product software?
I'd like to run customer interviews with women between 16 and 30 regarding fashion (for my startup). What's the best way to go about doing this?
How can Technical Product Managers build & launch a successful startup?
Is Travis Kalanick arrogant?
What are strategies cities struggling with an overabundance of weekend-long hackathons (i.e. Startup Weekends, etc.) can use for increased collaboration and more controlled resource (i.e. sponsors, participants, etc.) sharing?
Is it possible for a startup in early stage to hire a CEO without losing a large amount of equity?
Startups: Where can I learn about startup sales online other than blogs?
What are some good arbitrage opportunities?
How can I start an LED business?
How does Carmudi.com by Rocket Internet make money when the entire service is free?
What project can I undertake on 30 acres of open land near the main airport in Nairobi that can be funded using rewards-based crowdfunding?
What would be the outcome of a proposal to a popular classified website that is for every ad that we recieve as a startup we would post to them?
What is the Minimum Viable Offer?
I am considering moving from Jira to ScrumDo. What are some recommendations?
What is the best way to execute a daily poem/quote-based startup?
What do you think about the name of the information based web start-up "Claimfo"?
What are interesting and young startups in hospital management?
Has anyone personally experienced building a billion/million dollar company by strictly following the Lean Startup method? Do you have any advice?
Should I take a risk at the beginning of my career?
How much interviews do you need to validate a problem?
I just read Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Lean Startups. If Thiel was wrong about lean startups, how is it that startups or disruptive innovations exist that are successful yet did not follow the LSM? (e.g. iPhone, SpaceX/Tesla, Uber)
What is an example of a product roadmap?
Which are some innovating and effective techniques for sales prospecting in B2B business?
How do you choose which business opportunity to execute when you have a dozen of great business opportunities to choose from, and you feel approximately equally passionate about all of them?
How would you go about starting a startup like Instacart?
Morph.ai: is it a good name for a startup which ‘transforms anything into chat’?
Do you believe your startup business is helping to transform communities and solve global challenges?
When should not yet fully licensed startups start contacting potential suppliers and customers?
I have my MVP, now what?
Does anyone care that there are laws that favor the rich?
What qualities n qualification does a VC require or seek in a startup founder? What r the other formalities that needs to be fulfilled before funding?
Would a pre-seed startup with market demand validation interviews, surveys and user testing of 400 potential customers have enough traction for funding?
Do you have tips for maintaining a solid relationship and good communication with your tech startup cofounder in another state?
I want to build an MVP for an online marketplace. What option do you think is best; A CMS based MVP, non-CMS based, or finding a techie co-founder?
Sheryl Sandberg: How does the concept of Lean In help women in tech?
How do I build an app startup?
Why do a lot of services not yet exist in Israel? (Yelp, Spotify, Netflix, Amazon, Google Store, and so much more)
Lean Startups: I started a company and my father invested $25k over 7 months. I found out today that my father set up an LLC and put his percentage of equity at 35%. I'm angry because we agreed on 20% and he went behind my back. What can I do?
If you have two different unrelated product ideas, should they be started as two separate companies, or under the same company?
Who is a good writer at Tech Crunch (or is a writer at TC) that likes to cover fast growing marketplaces?
How do you create a value curve?
What are some of the leading travel startups in the past 5 years?
Where can i get startup inspiration?
What is it like to have your app featured on the App Store?
How would you arrive at an idea like Slack or Pie through customer development?
Do these components capture the essence of The Lean Startup? Detailed description of components: http://goo.gl/nIEA8a
When should a co-founder agreement be signed and actual incorporation occur ? right when you started working on your idea or just before pitching for funding?
What are the core courses in the industrial engineering field?
Should I discuss an idea I have for a startup with my peers knowing that it can be copied in its initial stage?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
I tested two aspects with a landing page: problem-solution fit and pricing. Is this sufficient to claim market demand is positively validated?
What experts do I need to start a collaborative consumption platform, and where do I find them?
In what sector should I look for a startup to join in these days?
How do I develop my app idea?
If I gave you $10,000 today, how would you turn a profit on it in 30 days?
How should startup founders divide their time?
Where can a non-EU, non-US citizen (resident) seek US and EU angel investors for his promising tech start-up?
As an early stage startup founder how do you combat being constantly overwhelmed?
How are startups/entrepreneurs similar to plumbers/plumbing?
How do I measure the success of my MVP ?
As a non-technical founder in an internet startup, how should I keep control of the technical stuff so that I don't risk losing anything in the hands of my technical team?
What were some of the interesting ways you acquired your customers?
What has been your experience after being financed by CORFO money?
How did the Facebook and Theranos CEOs keep control of their company and boards for so long?
What is the best and most cost-effective way to promote a startup among university students?
Should I incorporate before starting the development of a working prototype?
What should I do to be successful before 30?
My startup just failed but I have $60000 in savings. Would I be wasting time if I went and got a job instead of trying another startup?
Is lean startup methodology inherently contradictory to the blue ocean strategy (or the Zero to One strategy)?
How does a data scientist fit in within a lean startup product development framework?
What is the best strategy to check Venture Capitalist's reputation and references?
Do startups hire marketers?
What exactly does "great execution" mean for startups?
What is it like to work with Eric Ries?
What's the difference between Slack & Glip?
What are the 5 best tips for finding cofounders?
I own an Android phone. Should I build my app idea for Android? or learn iOS instead and release it on iPhone first as it’s more popular for startups?
The Future: Which startups will "fall” in 2016 - 2020?
Of tech startups that go public, what percentage are profitable at IPO? And what user growth rates have they achieved to get to IPO? Where can I find data on this?
My startup doesn't have money making model yet though many users are active. Can I approach an Angle investor?
What are strong indicators of product market fit within the Github community?
I have been invited by a group of four to develop an app for them. What things should I keep in my mind to ensure my profit?
What kind of lean startups don't need real offices or workstations but can still make money?
Are Facebook ads the best way to reach early adopters and users for a new app?
How do you validate a market for a fashion business?
How can I quickly scale the digital marketing for my SAAS start-up?
How do you become a freelance fashion model specifically for lean startup fashion and clothing companies?
What is the best competition/promotion tool for startups to grow?
What are some must-knows about starting a SaaS business from scratch?
Funding aside, what are the top 3 (or more) things that stop SaaS companies from growing ~$25k MRR to ~$250k MRR?
Would an investor be happy with a founder starting a successful company and then hiring a ceo only to do it again?
In a Lean/Agile startup environment, what are the top 3 goals an HR manager should be focused on?
Is there a strategy for increasing the odds of getting into YCombinator?
How do I know if my UVP is indeed unique?
Which developing countries have the most potential for startups and why?
What is an online course for learning the basics for accounting for small business? What can you recommend that you've used?
For a new company, how do I set up the finance department?
What are some great strategies in raising seed?
What are the major headaches on your daily data related work?
If you are happy and successful, what are the five actions/events in your life that you most attribute your success to, and that you would want to tell to young college students?
Would startups be interested in adding a (human curated, private netwrk) related content bar at the bottom of their blog in exchange for free traffic?
Do you use HADI cycle methodology?
Can anyone find product/market fit in life?
Should I stop my start-up and go for some other ideas or should i stay on stay on same and work more (see question details)?
What should be the right steps to turn any idea to a startup?
Will your lean startup be more lean if you work only part-time (as opposed to full-time) for an employer while you bootstrap your startup?
Should a lean software startup work on functionality and UX in parallel or should one follow the other?
Is there scientific/empirical evidence that the lean start-up method reduces failure in start-ups?
What's the difference between lean manufacturing and lean Management?
What are the essential books and resources on startups and lean startups?
How can I produce Quality Assurance process for Lean Startup?
Can I make a referral for Insurance to my startup customers and get a comission for it?
What are your top tips for defining your product vision?
How was ShopClues successful amid the huge e-commerce competition?
What are the best ways we can apply the Lean principles to college education?
What does Gary Vaynerchuck's company VaynerMedia actually do?
Is there a cloud service where you can test hybrid mobile apps on all mobile devices?
Is Branding, Marketing and Timing more important than actual Coding ability for a Tech Startup?
As an entrepreneur what does it mean when people say "you should hire people smarter than you"?
What should the CEO of a startup raising Seed have on their business card?
What is the quickest way to attract a lot of attention to a startup that has just started going viral?
What is your work flow for creating growth strategies for your company?
What is the business model for Free Code Camp?
How long should a start-up bootstrap?
Should I create 2 value maps for 2 customer profiles?
How do I take the payment from our first paying customer when we don't have a minimum viable product yet?
When starting with the partnership, how should you proceed? Should you discuss all the aspects of an idea in detail or discuss them superficially, do the partnership deed, and then share all the details?
Where are the best places to find graphic design internships at startups?
When does a startup move to data driven decision making?
What would you do as a bio-technology start-up?
What did UpCounsel use as its first minimum viable product?
Can I rebuild the same company that I sold ?
How did founders, CEOs and entrepreneurs find a startup that helped them find their niche?
Can I use Google images in my Powerpoint Presentation (for the purpose of my startup), so that I won't be sued later?
What businesses can Europeans start and run in the US from Europe?
I have been working on my startup for the past 6 months. I have developed its prototype and tested the proof of concept. Now I think I should build a large team to take it forward. Should I bring on employees or founders at this stage?
How would I best go about alerting the SEC/DOJ/FTC to look into venture capitalists colluding against entrepreneurs?
Should you go through the whole MVP & customer discovery process if you're creating a better, improved product?
Which startup ideas are ideal when you don't have financial resources?
What providers help startups with hosting and backend, so they can focus on creating their business?
Do you think product market fit is a myth?
I'm developing eBay for most of the services. I've thought from roofing to hiring a clown. What are the best countries besides the US and the EU to launch the company? Also, how do I get a large number of service providers to use the service without me paying much for advertising?
How do companies like Disqus that need tens of thousands of publisher users sell their service?
If lean startup principles begin with identifying a problem, what methodology exists to discover problems worth solving?
Can JIT and Lean Manufacturing Systems be applied to non assembly type manufacturers?
What can I do if I can't afford to start a startup?
Is Agile Development still the best way for a startup to build their MVP?
Would you recommend using lean startup methodologies when starting a new tech business? Why or why not?
I am CEO of a bootstrapped startup. How can I earn 1000$ a month to fund my venture by spending 15 hours a week?
How did Vicarious attract investors such as Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Ashton Kutcher, Dustin Moskovitz, Joe Lonsdale and Adam D'Angelo before having a product, users, revenue or any of the other milestones startups usually achieve prior to attracting such investors?
Does Steve Blank's customer development model work for a financial software startup doing wealth management for retail customers?
What tools do you recommend for early stage startup founder?
What do you think about a site where anyone taking a flight can chat beforehand and arrange to have sex on the plane?
Where is the MVP approach applicable?
Is it possible to launch a startup website without social media in 2017?
How did you "spend a day in the life of your customers" for your start-up?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
What is a good umbrella term for the combination of Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking?
Does it make more sense for startup founders to use the services of freelancers in the beginning phases of a startup rather than hiring employees right away?
How do I ensure organizational learning from lean Startup experiments?
What is a good/cheap financial management software solution for startups?
Where do on-demand laundry startups do their actual washing?
What legal incorporation should a single developer obtain for a software side project with small revenues?
How do you get people hooked on your service?
We have a startup partnership together with an IT firm. I would like to implement the LEAN concept for the engineers team. How should I proceed?
I'd like to run a test to see if users might want to order a service from my site, without actually charging the customer. It's purely to validate if such a demand exists through willingness to pay. What's my best option?
I have a startup idea and I want to launch it very soon in Mumbai. How do I convince a good Web developer to work for me at a very low salary?
What is the best method for learning time and work aptitude?
Should I launch my app as a minimum viable product, or a full thing with fancy GUI?
How do I become an MVP on Sitecore in a year?
What are some critcisms of the Lean Startup method proposed by Eric Ries?
How do I decide which tasks are more important than others, when everything seems equally important?
How is an IT park different from a general marketplace? What are the facilities being offered to a businessman in an IT park?
What are the best ways to model via spreadsheet the early growth of a SaaS startup?
Would a clone of a quick MVP succeed in India if executed properly?
How do I create a startup that incorporates Bollywood?
Is Reid Hoffman correct in saying: "If You're Not Embarrassed By The First Version Of Your Product, You’ve Launched Too Late"?
Why did you become a startup founder?
What questions do I ask suppliers before the first order?
Which company provides the best USSD & message payment gateway service in India? What are their fees and charges?
How do I protect a startup from being stolen if I must hire an external individual to assist me with the main 'skeleton' of the business?
Everywhere we read about the minimum viable product. The market and users never ask for the minimum anything and nothing substantial or game changing gets built on minimums. Why don't investors have the balls to go maximum and meet the market?
How effective is Canvas Model for startups?
What is the feasibility of B2B2C SaaS with a social-impact business model?
Platforms and Startups: Which ones are the most effective strategies to solve, at the lower cost possible, the Chicken & Egg problem?
Is there a UK equivalent of the YC Combinator SAFE document?
What happens in "MVP: Most Valuable Primate"?
What do you do in IMVU?
Which European city is better for startups, London or Berlin and why?
How do I make automatic feedback to feed metrics of my MVP?
What has your experience been and what lessons did you learn introducing Lean Software Development into your teams and organisations?
Could you pull off a simplified version of Instacart with WordPress?
In the lean startup, Eric Ries talks about the IMVU cofounder who betrayed his cofounders and went to Google to create a clone. Who is this person?
Is 60k revenue on 30k monthly expenses healthy for a startup and what does this mean going forward?
Why startups in emerging countries struggle more to find VC funding? Where to apply to overcome this hurdle?
Is the business model canvas really as helpful as everybody thinks?
What are the core things you look for in a cofounder?
Is it necessary to offer discounts if you are building something that solves a problem in society? If you believe in your product, then why should one offer ridiculous discounts for user acquisition?
I have a 1000 names that I need to get an email address for or otherwise reach out to. What's the best way to do it?
What are some of the best visual/physical metric tracking ideas you have seen?
What urgent and critical problem can I solve—or need can I satisfy—for you?
What things must a team of young entrepreneurs know?
How will Vessel's business model really work?
I have started my lean startup business, Monginoz. It's related to education. How should I approach investors?
What are some things to avoid during bootstrapping?
My product would store several image files in the server. What is the best strategy for storing a huge number of files for a startup company product?
What Lean Startup books are awesome and which ones miss the mark?
Are there any good guides or templates for a tech startup's OPEX costs?
What are some of the craziest startup that actually worked?
PMI offers Agile Foundation Program and Two-day Agile Advanced Program. Is it a good idea to join these programs? What are the benefits from it for digital marketing?
What is Create4MS LLC?
What does a prospective plan look like? What all details does it have?
I want to start a private limited company, but don’t want to share my ownership with others. Is there any option?
How should I approach finding the next startup that I should be working for?
How does one build a start-up in marketing strategy? What are the difficulties? What are the challenges?
Is it viable to start a company that creates WordPress websites for businesses?
What is the main purpose to use MVP in Android?
Is there a probability that India may produce tech companies like Google, Facebook, Quora etc. inspired by the Start Up India program?
How do I make the Bitcoin community friendly toward a Bitcoin startup project, what are the most important factors they care about?
What businesses can be started online that doesn't involve physical goods?
What is the minimum number of servers (hardware) needed to build a Backend-as-a-Service? What technology do we need to learn to start working on this project?
What are some examples of successful software companies that were coded by a founder with no previous technical knowledge?
How have you tested product/market fit for an online/internet business?
Is it ill-advised for a newly formed startup to launch 8-10 MVPs all at once?
How can I start a mechanical startup and take it as a sucessful one?
What is the right amount of information to collect in a sign up form?
Is the LEAN startup approach applicable across all environments?
How did you use machine learning in your app?
Why is there no internet database of sports like internet database of movies (IMDb)?
What are the best traffic generation methods that can be automated?
Can somebody explain to me what a minimum viable product is in simplest terms?
Why do companies adopt agile?
What is the best way to test 3 potential domain names for a new business?
What are free/paid alternatives to stratechery.com analysis?
My startup got asked to present at an event, I feel its to early for us (pre MVP). Should we pass on this opportunity or give it a shot?
I'm going to build a product/app. Where should I start from?
What is a cutting edge technology based business I could start tomorrow?
What was zomato's mvp (no. of listing at the time of release)?
How can I register a startup in a country remotely (online) while not being a citizen of this country?
How would you spy on your competitors?
How can a 18 year old Start a Tech Startup in India?
Can you apply lean startup principles to a healthcare business?
Facebook (company): Did the folks at Facebook file for patents before or later after they launched as a business?
What is lean and rich?
What do VCs look for in founding teams (first time founder)?
How many money do I earn selling a 100$ object with dropshipping?
How and where do I get projects to start an IT company?
Are there people who specialize in connecting startups with VC's and angel investors?
Do I need to get my web developer to sign any documents for my startup web application?
Which are the good small scale industries which we can setup at low cost and earn good money locally? How can we get training for that?
I've created a software that that helps developers use SQL to query no-sql datastores. Where can I market/sell this product online?
What are the weaknesses of customer development?
Where can I find a best legal advisor for a startup into ecommerce?
Would you rather be CEO and sole owner of a $10 million company or CEO and 10% owner of a $100 million company — in terms of the lifestyle, security and options?
Are people really as productive as they say they are? Is it bad to take a day off a week?
When should I consider my startup MVP "validated"?
How do I create a profitable and lean design firm?
How do you validate a hardware product before building?
What business will pay off big time if consumers are educated properly?
Is it a stupid to move to show your idea in front of 100 entrepreneurs?
What are the average values in the apps industry for AARRR metrics?
I'm 19 years old and I learned to program in iOS. I want to build my own company some day. However, I need advice on how to get my products out there and how to become successful in what I'm doing. How can I achieve that?
How much should I ask for funding if my test prep business generated 10K, with only 5K by me writing the content alone for 5 months?
What are some of the best examples of transformation/turn arounds using Lean Six Sigma?
What do companies like Coca-Cola or Red Bull expect from the student teams they sponsor?
How is BookSellBuy.com C2C Business Model?
I've developed a startup company and intend to keep it out of legal issues (SEC Registration) till the time I get some traction. What is the possible ways to share equity with partner or employees?
What would you say if you are offered a chance to travel 52 countries in 52 weeks all expenses paid?
Should a startup worry about technical debt before reaching product/market fit?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
When should a CEO of a startup stop "doing the work" and let the others do the work?
What does baseline mean on Lean startup?
Business: Where should I start from?
What are the most important financial concepts an entrepreneur should know?
How can one force desperation (urgency) upon him/herself?
How do I invest in startups in the US? Where do I find a list of good startups to invest in?
What is meant by a lean portal?
How can I start learning ES6?
What's better? Start an mobile based startup locally or go global right away?
I have recently been invited to manage a new coworking space in São Paulo, Brazil. I'm excited about it, but uncertain about the challenges I may face & how to deal with them, and eager to know how I can prepare myself to excel at the job. What are the main skills I should develop?
What are some good examples of "platform pivots"?
What are some startup revenue models?
What is the best way to run a lean company?
Mobile Advertising: What can I do other than grow to get to ramen profitability for my premium video business?
What are the best ways to launch a bank as a plattform?
How do I build an app startup from scratch as a single non-tech founder?
How much equity should I expect joining as a 1st employee, working only on equity, in an Indian startup?
At what stage should you build a website for your startup?
How many users do you need to validate a product? 1? 2 - 100?
Which hosting provider offers the fastest dedicated servers for mobile apps?
What are the ways to online validate the MVP?
Is targeting and reaching out to Greek life the best strategy to go with if you want to launch your app on college campuses?
How does agile and customer discovery fit together in early stage startups?
As a startup founder of three years our legal housekeeping is a bit of mess, how can I best setup a system to organize and track what needs to be done and what needs to get fixed?
Where can I get a dual monitor stand like the ones on the Bloomberg terminal?
How does memes.com make money?
Why does a startup have to 'revolutionize' everything? Isn't a startup with incremental change viable?
Are there institutes/bootcamps that offer guidance for founding your own startup?
Is the SaaS conversion rate measured against all new signups or only active users?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
Should a startup try to skip the "selling to earlyvangelist" step and go directly to "selling to scalable customers" step?
I have an MVP. How do I maximize learning per rupee spent without comprising on learning/time?
We want our web site to generate 30K to 40K per month profit. How do we do that? Is it possible at all when there are only two of us working on it?
How can I create buzz for my startup without spending on ads?
In business, how lean is too lean?
Who are the best lean system consultants (local / international) for startup apparel factories based in South Asia ?
Why more and more existing companies and startups  are going towards native apps instead of websites?
Who do I need to follow for idea validation?
Is there going to be any impact if I make my startup on C# ASP.NET MVC when I want to find investors compared to open source languages like PHP and Ruby?
Can the lean startup methodology be used to validate mass-social B2C ideas?
Is it possible to get funded by an accelerator without attending the two to three month accelerator program?
Should my 50/50 cofounder get any equity if she left and does not work on the company although she had the initial idea?
What are some ways business person can do market research without hiring a marketer?
How old is too old to start a startup?
Would a p2p money transfer app need to be regulated by the FCA?
Is drop shipping similar to mail order lean startup?
If I invest in a startup through a WeFund (WeFunder) what happens to my money if WeFunder goes out of business?
As a software company, what system do you use to capture and vote on ideas?
Which startups did you end up paying money to work for, but enjoyed working for anyway?
Why is there a cult of frugality around early stage companies when  there are zero profit 'unicorns' burning millions on organic cous cous, massages, and ridiculous office decor?
Can you give people equity that vests right away or split equity that vests overtime long before being incorporated?
What makes Brian Wong's Kiip so special?
What portion of the startup shares should go to product development? What portion should go to marketing/business development? How should the shares be distributed among co-founders?
I'm guy with tons of ideas/visions to improve human's lives, is that normal?
How much does it cost to develop android applications that books the Flight Tickets?
Who are the SaaS thought leaders that you consider "must read"?
Why is it important to build an MVP?
What are the things I should do in the first month of my online store to attract traffic in a cheap way and ensure the biggest bang for my buck?
What's the fastest step-by-step process for churning out and testing many MVP ideas?
Is there a source for information on growth rates for a cross section of startups?
I'm confident that I can execute the engineering and SEO side of the house. What should I look for as a co-founder?
I was thinking of creating a Quora like web application but for students. Assuming user acquisition isn't a problem what ways could I monetize this application without displaying ads?
I have built a kickass product. How do I market it?
How can someone have an MVP to present to investors if he need money to create this MVP?
Do you regret not hiring a startup lawyer for your startup or regret hiring one early on?
How can I beat the likes of flipkart & amazon?
I want to start an e-learning startup. Is it wrong for me to take an internship at an e-learning company?
Pre-revenue or "prototype mode" how, when and why did you know your 1st, 2nd etc. successful hardware business would scale and not only appeal to a few hundred paying customers?
Are there ever any conflicts of interest with a VC/incubator/accelerator and their potential investments with the company that bought him/her out in?
I am launching my first web-based startup. What infrastructure should I deploy for the short term, and what should I look to scale to within 12 months?
How/where can I stay updated about the latest startups and their traction?
How do you attract investors to your startup?
Why is entrepreneurship important to you?
What are the fastest growing startups of all time, in terms of revenue?
At what point should a startup have a full website instead of a landing page?
Are you using any particular methodology to run BirchBox?
Are you a startup looking for Rails developers?
As a (startup) CTO or a technical lead, how I can help ensure that the software application doesn't evolve into an unmaintainable gobbledygook of source code?
Rahul Yadav was fired from Housing.com by board members. Was it the right decision by the board? Why or why not?
How should the only developer leave a startup half way through build?
Is it a major red flag if a good potential technical cofounder is not comfortable with giving me their references for due diligence?
What should be the prototype for attracting an investment: the finished product which has a small number of users or exemplary demonstration model which contains a small part of opportunities of the final idea? What prototypes were shown to investors by founders of successful startups?
What would happen if advertised products could be analyzed in seconds according to your own individual specifications (e.g. product characteristics)?
Why does Silicon Valley Bank send plain-text passwords for the forgot password functionality?
What are the best "Bible" books that explain the process of a startup (from idea, to venture capital, to market it, to business model etc.)?
My startup makes $150k a year. Is it reasonable to pay myself and my co-founder 20% of revenue?
What are the best metrics to measure startup growth?
I have validated a problem, a user group, and a solution via success metrics, hard data, and user interviews and testing. The only problem is I'm not super passionate about the industry. What do I do? Do I find someone else to run this project? Let the idea die? Or push on myself?
Do you know anybody who has managed to build a successful mobile app startup?
What are some interesting business models?
On what basis should I select a startup advisor?
What is the best way to implement an idea that already exists and is probably failing?
At what stage should I take my startup into an incubator/accelerator program?
How many times have you drafted or built a minimum viable product in your career as an entrepreneur?
What is the optimal structure of a startup SaaS B2B sales team? 
What do you think of this website?
What are some great cases of business model development in early startups?
What requirements do I need for hosting a minimum viable product social networking website?
How do you keep breathing when you don't have any reason why?
Are startup competitions critical products?
How important is intellectual property protection for a startup?
How would you create a MVP for a ad network like maxbounty?
What would be the best way to hire employees for a social network startup and being a first time founder/CEO?
How would you go about competing with CreativeMarket?
What are names of lean startups that failed?
What are the core legal requirements for a online business?
A new start up, where can I find free platforms that can promote my offers and deals? I do not wish to pay any affiliate commission.
How is equity calculated for a startup?
Is it better to raise funds with favorable terms or to have a support network from experienced investors?
How do you deal with having to extend a coming soon campaign before a startup launch?
What do you look for in founders? The drive, passion, stick-to-itiveness, smarts, X, etc?
What is a good number of early adopter sign-ups for an upcoming app? How can I get a good number of sign-ups on the website?
What are some good articles about design principles of lean end-to-end tests of a web/mobile service?
When you're just founding a new company that people have not heard of, how are you able to seek out and convince the people who have already accomplished much in the industry to come join?
Can the incentive for a service be to save money? Is a points based system necessary?
When incorporating in DE, do I need to hire a lawyer to write the details for the "description of assigned IP" section?
If your startup requires marketing its service to many publishers, how important is it to be based in big cities (e.g.NYC) from the start?
If Outlook didn't exist today, what would an ideal customer profile look like for a startup that is thinking of making something similar today?
What can I do, I have a startup idea but no money to invest?
Where can I download "The Lean Startup: How Constant Innovation Creates Radically Successful Businesses" by Eric Ryes complete ebook for free?
How long does it take to get to product market fit?
Where can an entrepreneur live cheaply in England?
How do I measure demand for my dropshipping product idea?
Will we survive Flontshop?
How can I still accomplish with the same software idea (data visualization) and startup I had before?
I have an idea for a much needed SaaS product with maybe 5000 total firms that would be interested in the software. Is this market too small?
Is there an online marketplace for doing customer interviews?
What is lean ops in simple term?
What are some good opportunities for lean startups in the space industry?
What is the meanest thing that venture capitalists can do to founders?
Is it illegal to host a website in an iframe if the terms of the website state not to do so?
How can you structure a co-founder relationship so that it doesn't turn into constant debate?
What should I do if I am the only developer in a B2B startup and I am paid at minimum wage with no equity?
How close is your dream job/career aligned with your original Dream?
How can I love the way I talk or sound when speaking in public?
What’s wrong with the Lean Startup methodology?
What's the best way to fund a startup prototype?
When is the best moment to pass from MVP to a product?
How many respondents do I need for my NPS to be relevant?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing principles such as 5Y and Six Sigma and the five principles of lean (specify value as perceived by the customer, identify the value stream, etc.)?
How can I find a partner for my fashion startup here in Quora?
I have an idea for an app/website but have no coding experience. What are the next steps I have to take to make it happen?
What are some great free collaboration tools for teams?
Why have more successful startups in Silicon Valley apparently been founded by graduates of Stanford rather than Berkeley?
How do I raise a loan of ₹25000 (in India), for a start up without any security?
Startups: How do I create and drive customer demand before launching product?
What's the best advice if you have a good start-up idea to create an app, but you can't create a prototype because you're not a programmer and you don't have much money to enroll one?
How much revenue is usually needed to raise a $1MM seed round?
Is it ok to star Startup "an app" with an idea that I don't know if it will scale to millions of users?
Wireframing: Which is the easiest and best wireframetool for you?
What are some excellent examples of Minimum Viable Marketing (MVM)?
How do you build lean tests for new start-ups and stable businesses interested in innovation?
Why is Eric Ries so well known but no one knows about IMVU, his original lean startup?
What are some of the best academic work, the most relevant articles of the last decade on organizational growth, organizational change and organizational adaptation?
How do you evaluate if the startup has some life? Should I continue working on it if I get 2 clients in the first 4~5 months?
How can you discourage role learning?
Are there local delivery services in the US which cater to B2B customers?
What's the best way to launch a product range without any initial funds?
How can I connect with people who are struggling with their businesses?
What are the hot markets now (2016) where profitable business can obviously be started?
Is there any platform or service that shows the latest pitches at various startup events like StartupWeekend and whatnot?
When building a website for a startup, is it better to use a pre-made template or should I code one up from scratch?
Will it be legal if a company registered as a filming or cinematic corporation publishes books and websites on its behalf?
What are some better alternatives out there that offer the same feasibility as Google while not jeopardizing data security?
How do you evaluate if you have a good or bad business model canvas?
What are some other must-reads for entrepreneurs in correlation of reading The Lean Startup?
Startup Advice and Strategy: I am Embedded Engineer with 1.5 years of exp, currently I am not working. Now I have this idea of Web domain. Shall I work on it ?
My cofounder is departing and they agreed to stock repurchases by the company. The purchase price is not defined. How can I estimate the price?
Is it a bad idea to date while building a startup?
Which public companies have a successful lean program in place?
What do you think about home page design of Team Productivity SaaS app tmail21.com?
For documenting interactions with early evangelists and early adopters, is there a sort of CRM that works best? To be more precise, what is the best way to document these interactions and keep in touch with the resource?
What all are the oil and gas, refining, and petrochemical industry startups in Europe?
Does the following logo justify a lifestyle brand called Vintage Mumbai?
I'm planning to start an online business focusing on product sales. What resources should I use to find attractive niches?
Are many startups pivoting?
Is lean startup only for big companies?
With a prototype, how do I convince seed investors to sign a convention when I will sell an innovative B2B product (recommender system software) in the framework of a 'one shot sale' (and using the lean startup model)?
What are some examples of enterprising nonprofits that have a lean startup model?
I am about to launch an online business. I have compiled contacts (email addresses) of potential clients. How should I reach them without appearing to be spam? What customer acquisition strategies and tools can I use?
Is it normal as a new startup to feel like nothing is working in terms of users acquisition and having to try many things?
How would you define the adjective in the phrase 'Lean start-up'?
What are some good companies falling through the Series A gap?
How much money should a start up company (30-40 employees) spend on office perks (snacks, activities, etc)?
What are new consulting business models?
Do you know the best tools for lean methodologies?
In marketing, is there a difference between a startup and a small business?
I have a large P.O., but the money doesn't come until I deliver the goods. Where should I look for financing?
As a startup LLC, how do you file US taxes for outsourced work done offshore (Asia), if you have that person working for you full-time?
When I should I call it quits on my startup business and take a job?
In 2015, why should I start a tech company in LA and not SFBA?
What are the best sites for free CSS templates for my website?
How to get investments as a student in the U.S.?
How many types of problem statements are there for a startup?
How much does a startup cost globally?
Is Zero to One the antithesis to The Lean Startup?
Does lean startups advocate that one should not make a feasibility study?
Can you hire a good team and advisors for your startup without money?
Which is better for an entrepreneur with an investor: profit sharing or giving equity
I like to do non-tech startups; Is there any need for me to learn programming languages? Can I manage with the resource available in the internet?
Is there a company, group, institution, or single persons with major experience in successful Startups that could get involved as counselors, if so, which are the right approaches in order to get their interest in a business relationship, and how can I get in touch with them?
How do I handle artisans/clients who don't deliver on time?
What is the most profitable business you could start with only $5,000?
What was Facebook's MVP?
Would you like to be interviewed by a startup? Why?
What was Hubspot's minimum viable product like?
Are there plans to expand Gust Launch beyond the US?
How does a biotech or medical device startup get to know their users during customer validation if their users are extremely ill or hospitalized?
Do companies tend to undervalue the translation quality of their business copy?
What classifies a lean startup from others?
How pornography business is growing so much?
I have a small business and we are looking to expand our coverage area. How have some of the 'unicorn' start-ups expanded so quickly and so successfully?
Founder depression, what to do when things aren't clicking?
How is a pivot different from a Plan B?
Is it a good idea to build a food delivery-based start-up considering the competition in this space?
If our startup hasn't been working for us and we can't keep it going, how can we sell the IP to reduce as much loss as possible?
What's an MVP employee?
Did they test customer hypotheses before launch? Or did they have an MVP?
Lean Startups: How bad is waterfall development? What are some horror stories?
How did Chariot acquire its initial customers?
How do you find your "why" for your startup?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
How do you sell yourself in one sentence?
How did companies like Delivery Hero and Foodpanda get initial traction?
I turned down a $160k + 0.4% equity offer in a rapidly growing company that just raised a $12 MM round, valuing the company at $50 MM. Did I make a mistake?
What is the most efficient way to get a yearly planner copied and bound for resell?
What is the lowest equity you have seen for a co-founder at a seed stage?
What are the best structures or practices to keep the shared drives/servers organized in a company?
If I know deep down that I already have the perfect name, is it better to create a new business name just because the domain name is taken?
How do you reach out to press, investors, mentors, partners, etc.?
What are the best resources to self-educate as an aspiring startup CEO?
Why do I find programming so soul sucking and depressing?
Which is the best cost effective company for Mobile App development?
How do you test the viability of an online business idea?
What are the disadvantages of agile software development?
What advice you can give to a teenager who dreams to found a startup in future?
How do I convince people to work for my startup when initially I have nothing to pay but want to assure them that I will pay them as soon as we start making money? How do I assure them?
Can one build a startup outside office hours when working full-time as a new employee of a big firm?
I don't have the money to build a MVP and my F&F won't lend me any money because of my age. What should I do?
How do I lean Tableau?
I am making $50k a month selling a third party service. What do I do next?
What are the “most in demand” service businesses right now that could be started with little or even no money?
What is the fastest and easiest way to make 1-2 million dollars in IT and/or by investing?
I have an idea for a technology-based product. Is there a proven formula or process for taking a product from concept to completion?
Do you need to be funded to get decent traction as a crowd sourced app whose revenue streams (egg) won't work until there is a large user base (chicken)?
Which of following names best suits a tech community like ProductHunt.com?
How can I start my own PayPal Mafia?
My SaaS business is fully operational, MVP+1 pivot with some exciting developments in the pipeline. However with cash flow currently low, how could angel / venture capital funding benefit it?
Is putting fliers everywhere the best way to get quick traction for your app on college campuses?
What is the first step to develop a wearable device? Should we first work on the POC (giving specs to manufacturers) or should we go about patenting the product?
Why don't Silicon Valley investors understand lean startups?
Why did Alexander Samwer never have any interviews or speak in public?
What is the must-read book about becoming an agile business?
What "Lean Startup" principles and techniques can be applied to a non-tech physical goods distribution company?
How do you lean out?
As an Entrepreneur or Startup Founder, do you get frustrated writing business proposals, blog posts, investment proposals, plans etc. over and over?
Can you explain the essential techniques of bootstrapping?
What are the most successful examples of SAAS services?
How important is it to be in United States to start a successful company as a young girl?
What are the common myths in Indian entrepreneurial eco systems?
I need advice from entrepreneurs / advisors on finding a good developer for my early stage startup. Any suggestions and lessons learned?
How do you show traction for a marketing campaign?
What's the best resource/book for learning customer lifetime value (LTV) and customer acquisition cost (CAC)?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
Is there anything like "Lean canvas" but for marketing?
What stack do you use for marketing and sales in your B2B startup?
What are the impacts and feasibility of an e-commerce startup setting up store using platforms such as Zepo or Shopify and then once the desired volumes are reached would aim to go on its own platform? What would be the potential challenge and suggestions to avoid them?
Any idea for startup which can be executed without leaving my job for a while?
What is a good idea for a startup web company?
Does devaluation of Flipkart is beginning of the end? Is the startup bubble about to burst?
How do you make an ionic mobile app a link to download for alpha testers?
What path did Sean Parker follow to become a billionaire in a short time?
What is a cool office space in London (preferably near Oxford circus) that is quite open plan? It also needs to accommodate for a growing sales team with a minimum of 10 people. What is the best place?
What are the benefits of online presence for large fashion brands?
My startup has really high numbers in Google benchmarking. Are the numbers wrong and if so, how do I fix it?
Do developers/engineers in London prefer cash over equity?
What are the key factors of NewRelic’s Exponential growth?
When is it appropriate to build an MVP?
What are some innovative ways to create an MVP for seed funding in 2015?
What are Uber clone script which used by Successful startup?
What can startups learn from management consulting?
What is the best way to become an entrepreneur as a new immigrant in Canada? Which cities provide the best incubators for entrepreneurs?
What are the best examples to product market fit in Edtech?
What tools or analytics does the alternative finance (P2P, Crowdfunding, invoices) industry need as acceptance & participation grows?
Is an e-marketplace the same as an online marketplace?
What do you think about storytelling about your startup growth from day one?
If you want to validate a business idea like Quora, how will you do it?
Why do silicon valley people spends money on people where Asian spends on marketing?
I just completed reading "The Lean Startup" and am now looking for similar great books that can help my career as a product manager. Are there any suggestions and why?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your startup?
What books every e-commerce entrepreneur must read before starting out?
Can a company be build around a product which is like open source from day one?
How do I find a co-founder for my social media related tech startup?
How do you make lean at home?
What or who are some seed funders in the Dallas Area?
If there is access to better developers and domain knowledge in London, should Development take place there with a sales team in the Middle East?
I have recently founded my business. My mother has suggested me going part-time to help out, but I'm not too keen on the idea. What should I do?
I have a startup, how can I find a co-founder in California/Silicon Valley?
As a Junior Developer and only employee of an early stage startup, what can you expect if the startup does well?
If the market collapses tomorrow and that there will be no tech unicorn buyouts for a while, will people be less inclined to be involved in a startup?
How do I launch an Airline Company using learn startup principles?
What awesome things you would want people to know about your Business?
With low marketing budgets and no historical conversion data, would you recommend driving traffic to the website or the app (both serve the same purpose)?
Why does Quora have a bias towards Silicon Valley, Lean Startup and other Startup related trends from the valley? I found a remarkable bias toward these topics when I had chosen my profile.
Can you bootstrap startup based on user growth?
Why are so many "good" VCs reluctant to admit to failed investments and boastful about the ones they were lucky on?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How much initial investment(minimum) is required for a Internet based startup? How much online marketing would cost?It will be a service facilitator?
How can one engineer a company for hyper growth?
How would you apply the "Lean Startup" methodology to an e-commerce business?
I'm trying to fund a tech startup using my own part-time 160-220k income as payroll. It looks like my best bet would be to go to the Philippines and build a team of coders there. What's the best way to do this?
What things should an entrepreneur remember to do for a startup in the IT-sector in India?
What are examples of famous (somewhat) nonprofit pivots?
How can I be a successful sole entrepreneur?
How can I find (preferably open) databases containing marketing mix variables and results in sales?
Can I look lean in one day?
What was Prisma's MVP?
What are the pros and cons of using weebly.com to create a minimum viable product for a startup?
You've got a business idea to create an electronic device, but you don't have the skills and money to create it. What do you do?
Shall I get my prototype build by outsourcing and later hire people for the start-up?
What ways do all media companies "Lean"?
Have you signed up to Auction Cog. Liquidation auctions. Business assets Auctions. ?
I have an idea to start a business that can get as big as WhatsApp. How or what should I be doing to get it rolling in India?
How long does it take to read The Lean Startup?
As a newly graduated MBA, why am I rejected by every single startup in Silicon Valley?
How many people became millionaires off the internet after 2008 starting with zero, and what were their companies?
Why do most of the CEOs of the IT companies look skinny?
Which are the good law firms in India and Singapore who provide business plan consulting services for startups?
Are you planning to attend the Lean Kanban Central Europe conference in Hamburg, Nov. 2014?
What is a problem you face on a daily basis, and do you think there could be a product to solve that problem?
Should an entrepreneur focus on hybrid programming (HTML, CSS, JS) or should they focus on native tools (Java, Objective C/Swift)?
How do I recruit a team when all I have is an idea for my startup which is at an early stage?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
How do I develop a viable sales plan for a niche product I have developed?
If I were to develop something like Taboola widget, how can I overcome the chicken-egg dilemma, publisher vs advertisers?
What is the best way to start a business/company as one person?
I'm 20 years of age and I'm meeting with a Managing Director of a large VC firm. What advice can you give me?
What are the best tutorials and Inspirations for small internet businesses?
Lean Startups: How do I find early adopters for my Q&A site?
What tech companies hire from Hedge Funds?
What is agile or lean development, in the context of marketing?
What should a teen that is passionate about Entrepreneurship/Management do with his/her free time?
I am helping a social venture to raise funds using my network. What commission should I ask?
How do I sell domain names to startups?
Some startup founders advise other founders not to build a startup for financial reasons. Is this really good advice?
What is the best way for a company to use the computer as a telephone?
Should I form a C corporation now or after I have secured my backing?
What are the ways of joining a startup going to attend the accelerator or already attending it?
What worker owned cooperatives are operating out of garages and on properties in an urban setting to adopt a lean startup model or an adaptation of asset-based community development?
I'll have to do my master research, research question is: "Is it possible to start a succesful business with little capital", how should I do this?
Where can I find a list or a listing on a website with all of the restaurants in the world?
What are the startups that align well with the trend: Age of the CMO: Marketing Technologies in the Cloud?
What are some good resources for young professionals and female entrepreneurs?
Should I stay in manufacturing company that has start up or should I look for another job?
What are some Internet startups in 2016 that could make a huge difference in the world or would benefit some large group of people in some good way?
How is founding a startup like being in a band?
What is the validity period of the attested documents?
What are the most important indicators/metrics that will show the progress for a startup?
We wrote a weekly business newsletter (open rate = 17% and click rate = 3%) but our new subscriptions rate is poor. I want a weekly +5% subscription. How can I grow my weekly newsletter readers list?
How would you start making money if one day you woke up broke with no job and no connections?
What does a lean process specialist do?
Are recipe aggregator highly unprofitable startups? How are they usually make money?
What are some of the great startup ideas lying unexploited right under our noses?
Where would you test a product idea for programmers, who want to found a company?
What are the startups that are a pleasure to work in?
Who is the authority on this subject in your opinion?
What makes tech incubators fail?
What is a big enough total addressable market (TAM) to be attractive for venture capital investors?
How do I create a dedicated customer care set-up for Indian Quorans in Quora itself?
Can I learn mathematics at this age?
Is it important to gain credibility of being an enterpreneur by having your company acquired?
How does one go about getting a business loan from the bank, and how do people usually pay them off?
How much will it cost to build and maintain a service based website like OYOrooms in India?
What are good examples of how B2B SaaS startups got their first customer?
What are some examples of products that succeeded using a lean start-up?
What logistics businesses can be run in the USA from abroad?
Is it possible to bootstrap a consumer robotics company?
How does Etsy encourage their developers to innovate on a day to day basis?
I am planning to build an MVP of my app idea and implement it at my university. I have no tech experience, what should I do?
At what point  in your startup development should you consider reaching out to investors?
Is LegalZoom good enough for creating Terms & condition + Privacy policy for a new B2B mobile app and website?
Is it likely for commerce to take place via mobile rather than Web with mobile paving the way forward?
What is the potential 'return on investment' for an angel investor in multiples (times)? What is the simple rule of thumb for minimum multiples in India?
What are best ways to contact effective in-depth interviews with people you know?
Will investors frown upon a startup that has used sites like Weebly.com to create their MVP?
What are some great startup schools examples?
How can you measure potential with at most surety of an early stage start up?
How can I evaluate my e-commerce startup's worth if I want to sell it completely?
How do I show proof of concept for an iPhone application that can't be made untilI have money?
Would selling my minimum viable product that costs me $20 for the price of $30 be worth my time?
What is the best way to contact someone like Marc Cuban about my startup? (An investment or just feedback on the idea) What do they want to hear?
What are the best ways to convince companies to license my technology when they consider it a core competency (in the US)?
What is a responsive cold email template to send to college students and administrators to get them onboard your new app?
Why do you think computer programmers think their labor is more valuable than most others in a startup venture?
How can I use to LEAN methodology to start a technology startup?
What is the best process for designing and building an internet based MVP?
Business plan is ready and well received by peers. How should I develop the tech part of the business? I am planning to seed my own startup initially
How should I choose between several business ideas?
How can I effectively use a debt I just raised for my online training business?
What course or language or thing should I learn to get a handsome job in a startup?
Should customers report bugs or support representatives?
How does one know whether particular thing-to-happen is an obsession or determination?
When building an MVP, are there any decisions that you'll be stuck with or that will be difficult to reverse after launch?
How do datamining companies or datamining startups get their projects? Who could be their potential customers?
What is the difference between a project manager and a project owner?
How do you find people to do customer interviews?
What are the best books on mobile application startups?
Dear entrepreneurs, whats your story?
How can I find early adopters for a new charity product?
What are some funniest moments or funniest stories or funniest pics of startups in India?
What do I do if I have an idea that a company could easily integrate into their stack?
How can I sell physical goods in US without being there?
Is it possible not to have reached a product market fit with ~1,000 paying customers?
Philippines: Do I need to register a business before making a profit or clients?
How do I use the Lean Startup method with hardware/physical products?
How do I start a company partnership with the whole purpose of looking for opportunities and growth in businesses, whereby they can be sold, listed, etc.? What kind of business should I start?
What performance-based guarantees would you suggest to ensure geographic and customer exclusivity if warranted and earned by a distribution partner?
What are some interesting tools for lean startups that wish to analyse their users’ data and learn from them?
Is it OK for a startup to ask its users to verify their phone number (by text) as a part of the signup process when we go live?
Which industry is ready to be disrupted?
How do I calculate Repeat Purchase Rate for a subscription based platform?
Is it important to release an app as a minimum viable product as soon as possible or should you wait until it is of a very high standard first?
Is it ok to send out early access invite on hacker news for a new website? Or what are the best venues for that purpose?
Is à méditation startup worth starting?
Entrepreneurship in India: At what stage of a startup do VC's consider investing in the company?
What does it mean when a company is making a billion dollars in profit? Is that every year? Or sales altogether?
What is Lean UCD?
What are the unspoken downsides of being a VC or angel investor?
What transition does a salaried, hardworking, middle class person have to undergo when he/she takes up entrepreneurship?
Which niche groups of people are ideal as early adopters (seed groups) for community websites like Quora?
How do you build a lean to shelter?
India: What are your views on the "Ek Saal Desh Ke Naam" program recently launched by the Modi government?
What are the key responsibilities of the CEO in the early stages of a startup company?
Should I use Swift or Objective-C to build an iOS app (Simple / MVP) for our startup?
What kind of equity package should an advisor expect at a later stage startup?
We launched Arima (Q&A site for polls), and have some okay traction, how do we get more people?
How do you keep your software development productivity/enthusiasm alive in a small (~5 engineers/understaffed) team at a tiny startup?
How did Instacart get its first 1000 customers?
What obstacles are there for a very ambitious startup to develop the first version on WordPress?
Lean Startup: What are the business analytic tools that startups in Phase-1 use (MVP is released. Google analytics is not the right fit)?
What do you think of our innovative cashback website concept, any criticism and suggestions ?
How can lean startup principles be applied to enterprise non-startup software projects?
How can I check if my business idea is valid (using Lean Methodology)?
I completed a healthcare tech beta product. I enrolled to a state-sponsored incubator to launch. It has only been 2 months of nothingness. This week I cold-called a big potential customer and now they want a demo. I’m super pumped. How do I proceed with caution?
What are the best ways to validate a startup idea in Odisha?
Is it good to outsource startup project to freelancers?
Why did Cooking.com lose profitability and eventually get sold to Target?
How do I recruit a qualified engineer for new startup? How to attract them to join our new startup?
I'm interested in building a mobile app which will help shoppers find retail stores with the shortest queues to save time. How can I validate such an idea?
Are your customers part of the product development process?
How can you strategically figure out the best way to get early users for a startup without constantly going on wild good chases?
What are some of the best lessons taught in the book The Lean Startup by Eric Ries?
What's an minimal way to charge for your MVP?
I have an idea for an app. What should I do before starting working on the MVP?
For a hardware startup in SF, what's the best way to run lean?
Can solopreneurs succeed?
How much to lean my Royal Enfield on turns. What is the science of centripetal force on turns in conjunction to speed, and lean?
What are some dressing tips for lean guys?
We launched our MVP product and we’re trying to get early adopters, how can we accomplish that?
Is there any tech-startup webinar is going to be scheduled recently?
What's the best way to start a webcomic?
What is an example of a company that effectively used batch size reduction for a business process other than manufacturing? Why did this help?
If a B2B startup is not getting traction, what is the best way to find out if the problem is the product (UX/UI/features) or a lack of problem-solution fit?
What features should an MVP not have?
Are there any good books on MVP and experimentation design for startups?
What are the top emerging energy companies focused on solar, smart grid, or battery storage?
Is the web development market drying up?
Is there a framework for IT and business alignment for small business?
What would be a lean startup approach to playing chess?
Should a more experienced founder get a higher salary than a less experienced founder?
How do you get the initial users on a new crowdsourced-based app when you need users already there to attract early users?
My co-founder doesn’t take me as a co-founder, but as a “cheap power”. What do I do?
If I want start credit card business then what should be done first, getting merchants who will accept the card or getting customers who will use it?
Can you legally cofound a US startup with someone from another country, how does that work?
Should I use an AdWords campaign to gain an email list for my Kickstarter project?
How do dorm projects reach a size where they serve millions of people, considering the lack of experience of the programmers that created them?
How do I test my MVP with small businesses?
We are bootstrapping startup in India and are a two sided global marketplace. What is the revenue that we should be hitting by the end of year 3?
As a sales person doing a cold visit, what is a way to answer the typical excuse given by most secretaries "my boss is at a meeting give us your information and we will call "?
What would it be like if startup competitions were online?
Where can I find online or near TLV a co-founder or a startup to join as co-founder which believes in the lean startup methodology as the path to success?
Where can I find a marketing strategist / growth-hacker to help seize the "low-hanging fruit" within my app business?
What are the ways I can validate a website idea that would primarily make money through ad revenue? What should I say to my target audience?
What happened to the famo.us JavaScript framework?
How did you apply the lean methodology for your tech startup?
How do you ask a potential cofounder to do a background check you have setup without causing problems to the relationship or trust?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
Anybody from Mangalore area , who are interested to join start up ?
For a small internet business (1000$ revenue) dealing with a limited number of products with outsourced manufacturing and distribution, how do you go about inventory? Do you research the market and then stock, or do you stock and then market it through Facebook/Google?
Are people or processes more important in lean manufacturing?
In an early stage startup, should we focus on the MVP, put it out there and test it or focus on the branding and the presentation before development?
What do all new entrepreneurs need to start learning about?
I'm a part of a startup. I made a commitment with my partners that I would study & handle the front end web designing, but I am busy learning iOS development right now. What should I do?
Is an offer of 7.5% pref equity for $30k cash & 3 months acceleration a bad deal for a startup?
Startup Advice and Strategy: How can I be more useful for the startup?
Is there a community focused around tools and services that are designed to build digital projects fast?
How'd you make a minimal viable product to test an idea for a mobile app without much development when fact simplicity and mobile approach is the key factor?
Is Y Combinator asking too much equity for 120k worth of funding?
Suppose you were bootstrapping a startup like Uber, how would you acquire your first 1000 customers?
What should I post on social media for my startup?
What are some methods of collecting data in the lean startup model?
What are the pros and cons of running a very lean startup in terms of number of employees?
Which one is the best book about bootstrapping startups?
Can you use NyQuil to make lean?
What is the one piece of advice you would give to first-time founders or entrepreneurs?
Which are the best startup magazines for publishing paid articles?
I am a Senior Software Engineer with almost 9 years of experience in IT sector. Is just technical knowledge enough to create my own business that makes millons of money? If not, what I need more?
Is there an MVP template?
What is a business contract and typically does a successful startup aspire to have a lot of contract involvement?
Is IMVU fun? Why or why not?
Is it really good being a unicorn?
Do CEO's of well established brands use any specific types of platforms / strategies to make sure that their emails are not easily discovered and/or found?
Where can I find a list with online eCommerce communities?
What tip can you give to lock out the competition when you’ve got your App live and are at seed capital stage?
For entrepreneurs, is purpose more important than profit?
Can one's purchasing of products or services offered by a startup in large amounts at early stages be considered an investment from regulation standpoint?
What banks do accept bitcoin?
Do I need a MVP for a tech startup before speaking to investors?
How do I keep equity without running the company long term?
How comprehensive is the 2001 code audit check-list?
For the state you operate in what are the legal risks to accept funding by Angel or VCs for a startup?
Does Techstars have any British companies or companies founded by a British person in their American accelerators?
What are the most important benefits of using online software and tools?
How do I get Ashton Kutcher to advise our startup on equity basis?
What are the best unconventional workplace systems?
What's the downside to taking a lean startup approach to any new venture, technology related or otherwise?
What are some good blogs aimed at starting or growing a small business website or online store?
Has anyone tried doing a start-up and realized that it wasn't for them and has now gone back to working in the corporate world?
What's the best free mailing list platform?
Should I find a new name if the name I want to trademark is already trademarked by a company in the same class?
What is the best experience for a young future entrepreneur before launching his own online marketplace in the concept of sharing economy?
What is the best market or category (or niche) in which to start an E-commerce business in India?
Is there an alternative to Thunderclap where you decide when you launch?
Is the tech industry the only place to make major profit ? Can anyone name recent rich entrepreneurs in other industries/sectors not tech related?
How can I turn my big innovative ideas into actual value streams?
Is risk enough of a reason to discourage yourself from pursuing a business idea?
Where else can I ask for feedback about my idea online, besides in Quora?
What products in the fashion/accessories industry are the easiest to produce?
What would you do to start over, if you are transported to a parallel universe, where everything is the same the only difference is you know no one?
How is it possible to have a billion dollar net worth and not know the difference between net profit and gross profit?
Will I be taken seriously as an 18 year old lone founder applying to an accelerator?
Is there an anthropological answer to the entrepreneur movement at a global scale apart from the late world financial crisis?
How do you verify your business idea and conduct market research, while bootstrapping with limited capital?
What skills can I learn right now that look very professional?
Is it wisest to approach one investor at a time?
Do I lose control of my startup when I hire a CEO?
If you could hire only one person, would it be a developer or a manager?
Why do startups work at coworking spaces?
What is Rocket Internets strategy for starting a new company and bring it to the market?
If my startup's revenue streams based on commissions from Hotels and other properties like booking.com. How can I calculate my profits forecasting into my business plan annually?
What is the best way to define the price structure of a folding wooden chair that has a big emphasis on its design?
How do startup founders have money to invest in other startups? Do they get a salary from investments?
What do startup software product managers do on a day to day basis?
What are the legal steps to start ecommerce?
What are creative and effective ways to get more responses for your questionnaire on validating a potential client's needs?
Do you think a startup will benefit from this http://assessment.tarful.com?
How do you test the usability of your product if you can’t recruit your main customer segment?
What are the frameworks, checklists, tools, or question-lists for lean startup?
Should I allow an agency to keep 30% of my ecommerce business?
Can I open a startup in Brazil that profits from U.S. users?
What we need to take care while hiring CTO?
I got an interview with a successful business man for my blog. What questions should I ask him?
What are the benefits of running a design sprint for my product?
Do you know of someone who's made it by himself not being technical? I'm talking about someone who's created a successful startup being a "nobody".
How's this for a concierge MVP?
What are the best practices for a startup CEO managing and communicating with the product development team? How much involvement should the CTO have in business development initiatives?
What is the best way to work with long distance technical partner?
I got €400 as a gift from my parents. What's the best way to invest with this amount of money?
Can you help me make a list of e-commerce start-ups, who started their business by launching a Minimum Viable Product and succeeded? I know Zappos. Who else?
I can only commit 2 years to a startup. How far can I take it? 
How can technology improve the operations of UN agencies and NGOs worldwide? I'm trying to come up with something like an Uber or Airbnb that would help solve real world problems. Any ideas or suggestions would be great.
Do you think it's possible for someone to learn how to be genuinely nicer?
There is this unique market, I want to put the store's merchandise on an online multi-store ecommerce plateform and take commission, can you give me advice please?
Do startups appreciate the value of their advisory boards?
What all things do I need to know if am starting a startup in India?
How can I get initial clients without spending any significant amount on marketing?
Is being an entrepreneur an addiction you can't give up?
How can I build an actual countdown/timer to trigger urgency for an action for my sales team, once a prospect signs up to our SaaS?
I am starting a regional niche job board, how can I attract job seekers via the internet without spending a lot on advertising (Google and LinkedIn)?
What is the process of product design?
How can I leverage being a current undergrad student when trying to do enterprise sales for the first time?
What is your review of The Lean Startup (book)?
Why is Peter Thiel not a big fan of the lean startup/MVP movement?
How do startups keep track of liquidity, costs, revenue, break-even point?
We need to validate that our customers' companies are real entities to use our service. What are the web services for each country to do this?
How good is the book 'Lean Startup'?
What are ways to deal with burnout before a startup launch?
What are some ideas for getting B2B customers to finance a startup?
What are top 10 lead B2B generation tools for online marketing?
How was your experience working at Quovantis?
When does the YC summer 2015 application come out?
What's the best approach for launching a consulting business for startups?
How do you teach early-stage startups to use the Lean Startup methodology?
I operate a mobile survey platform with over 20K panels/respondents in Indonesia and expanding SEA next year. What are best B2B strategies to reach global clients?
What are some well known lean startup processes?
What startups are focusing problems surrounding sleep?
What should be my approach towards my start-up?
How do I coach, develop/improve and support my team members and directs on their way towards a lean management?
What are the best strategies for coming up with tech business ideas?
When should a startup move to Silicon Valley?
Was Eric Ries right about the Lean startup methodology?
How can agile and lean development theory be applied to the urban planning industry?
My startup got rejected by an incubator. What should I do?
Minimum Viable Product (MVP): I've seen an opportunity to solve problems for a niche market. The more I develop this solution, the more I realize that it has many markets. Am I risking my success by not understanding all of the markets and all of the competitors before launching?
Is the lean startup dead?
How would YOU pitch your startup that hopes to actually 'change the world'?
What types of startups can I run when I can program only little?
Out of London and Dubai, which is better to launch a startup?
What's the secret sauce behind Facebook and Uber? Why can't their competitors copy their ideas at the early stage?
How can I start a small WiFi enabled local coffee shop and hangout place for youth and business people in Delhi?
Startups: What is Circld?
What are possible startup opportunities in algorithmic trading?
We (my friend and I) have $30,000 of net profit from the first year of our startup. It is 80% of our revenue. What should we do with the profit money?
I have an startup idea (social network). And I have JavaScript background. Should I learn Meteor.js or Ruby on Rails for making MVP?
What are the advantages of using Lean Canvas vs. just writing your own 1-page business model offline?
What are the methods employed by producthunt to gain early traction? Which of the above methods were the most effective?
How is personal accountability measured or tracked when using Kanban/Lean?
What are the best agencies to outsource social MVPs?
Could the MVP model be applied to game development?
Say you have a great idea, but no business model. Would you pursue it?
How can I build a good team for my startup idea in Mumbai?
What are the most important ideas in 'The Lean Startup'?
How do you feel about lean management?
How do I move from MVP to beta?
Does a CS senior know enough to be a technical cofounder/CTO of a startup?
What industries aside from technology are growing rapidly and do not requiere a lot of capital to enter into?
Have you, or do you know of a company who has implemented the takeaway test, literally turning off a feature for a short period of time to see if people even notice?
Should I consider doing React + Django Rest just for launching a startup MVP, or is just Django enough?
What could be the ideal marketing and launch plan (for a specific countries: Australia, Germany) for a new "skin cancer" app?
What would be the runtime and content of a perfect startup video?
How a startup can increase its market value without investor funding?
How do I come up with an MVP for a new mobile app?
What is your experience working with sales groups to get your product into retail?
I have a product for real time big data analytics. I did it alone. I have built it using open source technologies (all Apache v2). Now how do I launch my product all by myself?
Can you suggest name for a HR Consultancy firm with recruitment and resourcing both?
How do I test a MVP?
What is a practical number of advisors for a start up?
I have the seller side covered on my classified startup. How do I bring buyers?
How long did it take the Airbnb founders to launch their MVP?
Are the majority of startups useless these days?
I have customers who will buy next week, do I need to incorporate (or LLC-iate) before I accept their payment?
Does Eric Ries feel the term "minimum viable product" could have been named better?
I am an introvert with great technical skills and product living in SF. How/where do I meet people like me and also VC/angel investors?
What is Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
What are the most successful membership sites?
How should I organize work and team to build mobiles games?
What are the advantages of a 100% remote job?
I am building the product of my startup myself. I am financially unstable and cannot put any money in my startup. What should my next step be after I have finished the development?
What are the most useful templates or worksheets for value proposition design?
What are some markets right now with high demand for some service that consumers are not getting enough?
Should I build my own nearshore software company?
What do successful companies like Snapchat or Facebook look like on a business model canvas?
Can I pay someone to fix my value proposition?
Will my startup idea work?
Why are some startups less enthusiastic about big companies that use Lean Six Sigma while The Lean Startup is a modified version copy of it?
If a major drinks firm wanted to develop an MVP in the craft beer / micro-brewery sector, what would its MVP look like?
Is it a good idea to write a book about how I used the lean startup process to grow my small business?
What would 500k seed money be used for in a social network startup, with only a founder?
How do we share an idea for a startup?
What are the best ways to advertise a startup?
On which factors do company builders rely to decide on starting a new company?
How many "Leap-of-faith" assumptions can I make according to lean startup principles, Is there limit?
I want to start a business. Something through the Web. What can I do for a start?
I am using a growth hack to have some customers from a larger company use my marketplace app. How do I charge them?
From operation management perspective: who are some famous professors in the field of lean manufacturing?
What does Entrepreneurship really mean?
For a B2B SaaS prototype that is not 100% validated, is it better to charge the first customers for a year up front or monthly as we improve our service through feedback?
I have an idea for an app and coding experience, but the project is too large for me to program alone. How should I approach this situation?
Is it OK to be the type of founder that is only involved during the startup stage?
Do you agree with the statement "Code is about 10% of your business, maybe less"?
When making movies, does Hollywood subscribe to the practice of creating minimal viable products (MVPs)?
What are some effective ways for UX and visual designers to collaborate on projects?
How do we call out a bad startup accelerator without jeopardizing the startup?
What is the step-by-step procedure to own a pvt. ltd. company?
How can I overcome this huge pressure not to fail, when the number of prospects I have are consumer focused multi national companies and there are only a few of them, and each opportunity failed is a door closed and I only have few tries?
Are there any negative stories of companies/teams switching to a Lean development model?
What's the first step in founding a startup for someone who wakes up with enough money for breakfast?
What are the best hacks to build a lean healthcare startup?
What are good companies/firms for doing a background check on a potential cofounder?
How do I create a first customer?
I have a startup idea, but I am alone and I don't have a team. How can I hire someone to build my team and how can I trust someone else for my startup?
Does having an invoicing software supplier also supplying the payment gateway and the merchant account make them more attractive as a supplier?
What OpenCourseWare do you suggest for a software developer starting his own startup?
What is the average cost of launching a SaaS web-startup?
If I have an interesting and well tested idea, how do I negotiate with IT engineers?
Firefield's Jeremy Sewell wrote a thought-provoking blog post on the lessons to be learned from failure and how to best utilize those lessons. What are your thoughts on how this line of thinking applies to your industry?
Is there a startup solution for unlimited SMS sending?
What is the best way to find early-adopters for my Business-to-Business product, that is not finished or near perfect yet?
Should I have a lead gen before product market fit?
I'm doing a startup, which will clone Tinder but add some new features into it (not major changes). I can outsource or build out my own engineering team. For my own eng team, I've been quoted $100k, with eng in China. Does this sound reasonable?
What does your product/software development process look like, as a startup?
What is the best tool to keep track of my startup's KPIs?
What are the best blogs about starting and running a business in the US from abroad?
Where do entrepreneurs get the $40,000-$4,000,000 to buy out their investors/co-founders?
What kind of technical people/skills will I need to start up a B2B Portal from scratch?
How can you perform solid customer development and validate an idea whilst operating in stealth?
How can I lean more about the LendUp API?
How do I maximize the recent media coverage I received on my startup?
How can I create a system to test my product ideas before launch?
What are some different ways to build a startup other than the lean method?
Is it a good idea to start my own marketing business alone at age 20, when there are a lot of companies in my country doing the same thing? How can I be different?
How should a budget change as a startup grows?
I have designed an eCommerce booking engine. I will be launching a corporate website and then I will be developing an MVP (minimum viable product). What CMS should I use?
Marketing: What is an effective way to ask how much a target market is willing to pay for a product during cold calls/ interviews before development begins?
Assume you are new to the world of entrepreneurship. What questions will be the most pressing on your mind?
What is the best way to promote your start-up if your idea is too futuristic and alien for most people?
I have sellers. How do I market my car classified startup to attract buyers?
My business is failing. What steps do I take to figure out whether or not it's me, my service quality, or my business model that's failing?
How do I get funds for my early stage startup in India?
Are there any templates or best practices available for sending emails to potential customers in order to validate startup ideas?
What marketing channels are the most effective for reaching small businesses—10-50 employees in size, to be more specific?
My mobile app company (2 people) made $500k in revenue and $100k in profit (after salaries) in its first year. How can I sell it for $5 million?
Are there any consulting firms or organizations who help to build a startup?
Did Quora have a MVP? What was it testing? How?
I am trying to understand the intent of people looking for minimum viable products, or MVPs. What kind of issues are people looking to solve when they are looking for an MVP?
How can I fall in love with my startup again and overcome all the negative feelings brought from the struggle of product-market-fit and traction, too much drama with my co-founder, the need to raise capital, and the frustration of being the CEO?
What is tapdaq?
Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking Venture Capital. (see ref) What should entrepreneurs, founders, startup CEOs do instead?
How do you get over the loneliness of being a tech entrepreneur?
Is it possible to make standard iOS app a profitable startup?
Can a beginner programmer create a viable software product?
We got invited to CollisionConf (May, 2015) in downtown Las Vegas. According to their website, we will get a free booth for one day. Is this a good event to attend for a pre-revenue startup?
How can you have better sleep habits while founding a startup?
Which test cases management web tools for QA are recommended for a lean startup?
What tools do you use to keep your business organized?
What is the most cost effective method for budgeting for a startup?
How does LeanGap compare with LaunchSummer?
What should I do if I want to create a start-up but have no technology background?
I'm starting an Advertising startup . Looking for enthusiastic and hardworking people in Mumbai. (Marketing/Sales/Tech). Where can I find them easily?
How can I best use 75$ on Google AdWords?
What is the minimum amount to invest in a startup?
What are the benefits of lean production?
After a week of tweaking my landing page, the bounce rate from my Google text ad is still nearly 90% and the clicks aren't cheap. I'm assuming my ad is attracting users with low commercial intent. What should I do?
Which are the billing or invoice software used by major retail chains in India, like Chroma, Big Bazzar, Reliance, etc.? And do these software provides API's to integrate with other applicatiions?
Who are the best European VC funds in SaaS?
Is Facebook the best way to market a tshirt selling startup?
What do you do with your customer if your customer's competitor buys over your company?
Why is agile development faster than lean startup?
Shall I create business model canvas instead of busienss plan for my startup?
What are some high profile attempts at using the lead startups model that have resulted in failure?
I need to classify didactic content directed to entrepreneurs to create a curated content platform for internal use. How can I do it?
When working with a startup that is financially struggling, is it possible to negotiate for the use of specific intellectual property instead of equity or cash compensation?
How can you found a tech startup when you don't know coding?
What is the fastest way to build MVP for web-based application?
What information needs to be added to the privacy policy of a website that uses heat maps for web analytics?
Assuming execution is worth far more than an idea, is The Lean Startup concept of testing an idea fundamentally flawed?
What is the difference between a roadmap and a release plan?
Startup Advice: What is your opinion about an app where people would be able to find out who is on their flight/airport and network with them?
Where can I find an email database of startups and SMEs?
Where can I learn Lean methodology? Are there different methodologies for different domains? Should I go to a school to learn or can I learn online?
How much will it cost me to develop a telecom customer service like Justdial?
What is it like to work at NewsCred?
If you were to choose 3 businesses in the U.S that are huge opportunities to bring overseas, what would they be?
Is there a way to validate the idea in this space without over-spending money? (read question detail)
How do I raise $200K from investors as an early capital investment?
How can I make networks with great people?
Is it foolhardy to have developed nearly a dozen product ideas and a dozen minimum viable products and to run market tests for each prototype concurrently? What are the potential benefits/pitfalls to such an approach?
What does a UK citizen need to do in order to move to Silicon Valley and become a tech entrepreneur?
Product Marketing: What does "positioning" really mean?
I have a startup idea and I also have developed a basic structure of the app. What should be the next moves?
How can I convince Google that it needs to develop my idea about employee motivation and process optimization in companies based on LEAN?
What are the best freemium resources and services a College Entrepreneur should consider while building their first startup with little to no cash?
Which are the best ways for minimizing taxes in Italy?
What are some highly in demand services (both business and consumer oriented) in this and possibly next year?
What are the ways to sign an IT outsourcing contract between a client and a company without travelling?
Examples of people who went from zero to hero due to a startup are rare, so what examples are there of investment bankers launching big startups?
How do you measure interest or desire when showing a high fidelity prototype with tools like marvel and invision?
Exactly what is NutraHer Lean?
Is lean startup working for startups adressing the Enterprise market?
What is your process of contacting industry experts, when validating a potential problem for building a startup?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
I am looking to launch a startup, but I want to plan it in such a way so that I can hire a CEO as soon as things are setup and some form of process is in place. Is this possible?
What is an MVP in business?
I have a high net worth network  and am working on an idea for a startup that will disrupt.How can I use my resources to fundraise and execute fast?
What are the pros and cons of using Rackspace as a startup?
Do you believe on the paradigm of quick growth or death for new software companies?
How would college graduates feel about working for a founder who is younger and never went to college?
How can I incentivize recruiters to make an introduction to decision makers I need to interview for customer discovery and idea validation?
What are examples of famous startups that went very lean (i.e. followed closely the key idea of the Lean Startup Methodology)?
What kind of system can be applied to assure honesty from the employees?
How big should be the launch for the first version of our social app startup?
Should I find a random co-founder through friends (with the below knowledge) or should I continue by my own?
How was SnapChat pitched to investors in the early days? How can a free app guarantee monetary return in their investor's investment?
What survey questions can I ask users to understand if the published content engages/works for them?
What behavioral aspects should you look for in a co-founder?
How can I apply Lean Techniques in a classroom innovation process? I'm talking about layouts and technology that could be applied.
Does lean startup also applies to the building, engineering and infrastructure?
A startup just sent me a contract proposal that is less than the hourly rate I gave them. How should I respond?
Why has no one started a lean, mobile-first bank with good customer service?
What is your companies new employee reading list?
What is your experience using contentmarketer.io?
Is it good to take college freshers as the first team member for a tech startup that requires extensive amount of planning and programming?
How angel investors value a "Streaming Television Channel Startup" in angel investment round?
What are the fundamentals of written proposals for software projects?
What are some reliable SAAS technologies to moniter, audit and hold accountable for your virtual employees?
How do I decide what level of signup conversion is good for a new social network?
What are some good ways to keep spammers away from a minimum viable product (MVP)?
What is the best way for an aspiring entrepreneur to start when you have no business background and are not sure where to start?
How important it is for young entrepreneurs to have a mentor?
Would you like to help us optimize a tool directory for professionals and businesses?
Young Entrepreneurs: Is an incubator/accelerator the best route for someone straight out of college with few resources trying to start an Internet company?
We just launched a landing page MVP test for mock sales and are running ads on it. If nobody buys, how will I learn what we did wrong, given the variability of the keywords, ads and landing page content?
What are the best ways to develop communities around a web product?
As an aspiring entrepreneur, what can I learn right now in just 10 minutes that could be useful for the rest of my life?
What is the business model of Freight Bazar?
What are the things I should consider when I "get out of the building" when testing an MVP?
What is lean production?
Any particularly good articles on "startup studios" that you would recommend?
What are some examples of good partnerships that subscription box companies use for offline channels?
How do you use the information in books such as, "The Lean Startup," to actually become successful in real life?
Is a 0.4% conversion from sent emails to closed deals good enough for outbound sales campaigns?
What features and capabilities would small business owners like to see in a "perfect" software package to run your small business?
How do you go about building and structuring a startup incubator?
Should I buy used laptops for my startup employees?
What are the best companies for an entry-level iOS developer position in the Greater Boston Area?
What are some good ways to get revenue from startup?
Why do I absolutely hate listening to the audiobook "Lean Startup"?
I developed an app on a unique idea but have failed to get any recognition yet. What are some ways to approach more users asking them to try my app?
Why did Eric Reis release the worst prototype possible in the Lean Start-up with IMVU?
Does a solution like Elance (Upwork) make sense if it was just for one niche/industry?
What is the most fair method to compensate startup advisers?
Should I offer free memberships for early customers when launching a startup?
Startups: When is it time to quit?
What are good startup ideas for 2016?
What has better odds: becoming a consistent day trader or running a profitable startup?
How do I become a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP)? How many days do I need to get this MVP tag in my name as a normal DBA?
What is trystorming in Lean?
How can I trademark my exercises?
What amount of revenue is required for a healthy exit for a startup in an industry that is worth tens of billions?
What small and simple business can I have to substitute for a part time job while I study?
What are the most important Venture Capital firms in the United States that a startup founder should consider for venture funding?
Could you suggest books about building a billion dollar unicorn startup?
What should you do if you have 2 to 3 ideas to validate and you need to settle on one quickly?
What are the biggest problems for lean and agile teams working in corporations?
What should I do if my goal is to work for myself/own my own business?
Have any startups raised money in a down round and then gone on to become successful?
Where can I lean metalsmithing?
Startups: Can greedy employers succeed?
Which Business Model Canvas tools did Stanford, Berkeley and Columbia students in Steve Blank's class use?
How can Agile and Lean development theory be applied to the civil engineering industry?
Can I collect investment from investors via Paypal Mail Order?
We have an MVP, market traction, $600k ARR, $1mm in capital. Should we seek VC or continue at it alone?
Are there any websites where you can find entrepreneurship mentors for college students for free?
Are there any SaaS companies that charge extra for support, or for a "priority support" tier?
How do I know if the idea that I’m testing is good?
For what types of startups does "customer development" not work very well?
What are some of the virtual office/registered office providers whose services I can use to incorporate my private limited company in Mumbai?
What are the creative ways of branding?
Can you give someone equity vested after a milestone and then cofound with them and give them more equity vested over 4 years?
What are some interesting startups from Japan?
As a startup founder, how do you organise content that might be useful or you can take action on later?
Has anyone used the Lean Startup approach to developing a marketing campaign? If so, how was the experience? What tools were used to help test the campaign idea (i.e. Minimum Viable Product)?
What is the best project management tool for customer development?
What are some smart ways to do customer development for a successful startups?
How do I get my startup to move at lightning speed?
Is it necessary for a start-up to get acquired or go public?
After creating my MVP with how many people should I share it?
What are the experiences of British people starting up in America?
What are the success rates of following the lean startup model?
What is the best way to network in a startup/venture community when you are broke?
What are some examples of waste in the design phase of a new product?
What role do agile/scrum play in the lean startup?
If you're interested in entrepreneurship/startups, and you're going to law school, how would you spend your next two years?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
How effective is it to ask businesses about their pain points in order to get a SaaS idea?
When Adam D'Angelo built Quora, Did he work more as a Web Designer (Frontend Dev) or Web Developer (Backend Dev)?
Where and how on Quora can I find a good professional graphic designer willing to join me as a co-founder for my start-up in Mumbai?
I'm looking for recent Swiss start-ups related to the travel/tourism industry. What are some suggestions?
I've built a landing page to introduce my startup, now what?
How do we move our startup idea forward in a poor country?
Do you agree with our CEO's perspective: Death by Documentation: How excessive planning can sink software?
What are sources available for getting free market research data? How can we do free market research for  bootstrap startup?
Is it possible for the board to fire the entire founding team in a startup?
What are some free ways to launch and announce a new startup?
What startup methodology may be applicable to a variable team of less than 10 located in as many time-zones?
I've read about running lean, I believe it lets a lot of holes in the startup's marketing, do you agree or not and why?
Is "ChampChamp" a good startup name?
What are the most in demand "service businesses" this year?
Should I accept 17% equity?
What do student startups mostly need?
What do people think about the statement being made at the UC Berkeley career center?
What legal documents do I need to start a small online business (partnership)?
What types of companies and products would be best served under the "lean startups" management model?
How would you go for creating a single landing page that features one subscription based product?
How do I get access to the database of products that a chain sells?
What are ways to motivate employees to care about efficiency without a burning platform?
Is DiziVizi.com a good idea for a startup?
What is the meaning of a lean period?
What is some "new" consumer or business market or demand which will likely emerge very soon - like within this or next year?
What is a lean startup exit?
What are the world's best places to launch a new startup and why?
I have a marketplace of 4 months with over 1.5k registered people who can deliver service within 80 cities. The point is, those people have to go inside the client's home/office. So how can I scale my startup with safety?
Would it be possible to systematize "pain point discovery" through a web site where people can describe their individual pain points or well known pain points in their respective industry, niche, etc.?
Who are Align Today's competitors?
How can I turn the disadvantage that I'm from Europe (not physically present in the US) into advantage when I want to launch a startup in the US?
Do you think it is important for the CEO of a SAAS or BAAS company to know how to code?
How can I run a successful tuition centre?
Is there any successful entrepreneur who started a startup with just a loan?
Are there too many rules around startups and VC financing?
For a literature review on business pivots. What synonyms should I use?
What are some general growth frameworks applied by early stage startups?
I spend a portion of the day promoting my business on Twitter but I get the feeling everyone is just following everyone else to no benefit. Where instead online should I spend that time for my business instead of Twitter?
Does applying to YC or other accelerators early on (during alpha or beta) mean you give up a lot more of your company?
Are there a list of cases about startups achieving product market fit?
Is there a need for a website that helps entrepreneurs?
Is participative management linked to lean manufacturing?
I have an good startup idea and potential to make it work. Now what? Where do I start? What should be my next step?
How could the distribution of shares in my company affect my chances of getting funding at a later stage?
What are some business ideas for a computer literate Canadian?
Is there "find people" app in the market that doesn't access Contacts on the phone?
Parse Announces Shutdown (January 2016): How long would it take to build an app like Uber/Airbnb with no knowledge of app development?
How would you validate a startup idea online which is similar to Quora but serves a different purpose?
What is your minimum viable product in a financial startup?
How much time (months) on average will it take for a startup to receive funds once a business angel hears your pitch and expresses interest in the USA, in Europe, in Asia, in Latin America, and  the rest of the world?
What is something you believe will not change in 10 years?
Is a prototype for a startup enough to validate a product?
How much equity shall I share with my partners for a start-up? (see details)
What is the best way to tell why a startup has not raised heavy investment?
Daniel Ek: How did you came with the idea and how long did it take to build the first MVP?
What good startups currently use the Lean Startup methods and are hiring?
How can we promote Business Incubation itself as a business? What would be the salient pillars of a for-profit Business Incubation firm?
How do I find local businesses where I can implement lean principles?
What web-based tools exist to develop business models and track lean startup experiments?
What are some startups that we can do without money?
Are there any good alternatives to BetaList and Earlibird?
How do you carry out proper split tests?
What does it mean to lean on someone?
How did Aaron Patzer build Mint all by himself?
Can equity vest and still be dilutable?
Would a fund that invested in any startup team from any place on earth, at any age, with any idea (as long as they did 100 proper problem/customer interviews) at a valuation of $1,000,000 be profitable in 5 years?
If you didn’t need to worry about money, what would you do for the rest of your days and why?
How can I add a social component to online grocery shopping?
When is it viable to only distribute income to content producers after startup expenses have been covered?
Working on a marketplace startup app and need to hire sales people who will call clients for supply side. Hire outright or use freelancers (Fiverr) ?
Why aren't there many disruptive startups in traditional industries?
What is the best free attendance solution for startups to use for their payroll reports?
How do I find the best technical partner for a startup?
Is it ethical to moonlight as a start-up advisor?
How do I write a straight forward but detailed marketing plan to show my investor?
Where can I find a screenshot of the original Zappos MVP webpage?
What did Rocket Lawyer use as its first minimum viable product?
What are the best ways to validate a product idea before creating a landing page?
How do you get over someone close to you doubting your tech startup?
What's a good PR strategy for a lean startup?
What skills should an entrepreneur be focusing on learning as his product is being developed?
What is the best advice for struggling entrepreneurs?
How can I gain lean muscle if I cannot afford lean sources of protein?
What was Drizly's MVP?
What do you think of website development done in an Uber way?
What is the best framework for a beginning programmer to build an MVP?
Are there any startups in connecting the crushers/mining firms marketplace in India/the world?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
Who executed the most effective minimum viable product roll-out? And how did they do it?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Where do I find programmers to start IT outsourcing company?
If the series True Detective was a Minimal Viable Product (MVP), is its overwhelmingly positive reception evidence that a 2-3 hour movie based on the show would do well in theaters?
Is Heroku and mLab the best and cheapest services to host Parse Server once an app starts growing and costing money?
How do I participate in Vibrant Gujarat Startup Grand Challenge 2016?
How exactly does a startup founder blog?
How long does it usually take for a startup to develop a product with some initial paying customers?
How do you help clients define a segment without being insensitive?
How can I earn money if I keep 5% of each payment made by course owner and Stripe or Paypal take about 3% of each payment?
Are freelancers as effective as permanent staff for a startup?
How significant is networking in entrepreneurship?
What's the max number of experiments to run at any given time?
What do you think about paying people who you've interviewed for customer development?
Innovation: What are the best examples of people or organisations using "speed hacks" to reduce the time from idea to reality? How did they do it?
What are the reasons that so many tech-startups start in California?
How do I think of an idea that will generate $1 million in 12 months?
If you want to invest in a basket of the most solid tech companies like Amazon, what fund would you recommend?
What have been the best growth startups for 2014?
What's the origin of the line "the most expensive code is in software that's never used"?
I think Lean Startup is great and I also like many of the principles in Stage-Gate. Does anyone have examples or case studies of successful deployments?
I have never built an app before. How can I achieve proof of concept (MVP, Lean approach) without spending a lot of money?
Can I get accepted into an accelerator and then apply for a tourist visa?
How is Uber managing 55 countries (with about 300 cities) with just 850 employees while Olacabs needs more than 2000 employees to manage 70 cities in one country?
How would you validate your startup idea, if your startup was Twitter?
During an interview, if asked to "create a product and white board it," how would you go about it?
How did Slack become the fastest-growing enterprise SaaS?
What does air 1 in CA IPCC get?
How did the leading MOOC platforms approach the 'chicken & egg' problem of attracting students v. instructors?
I am a Full Stack Developer with a CS background and very limited finance knowledge. How do I build a Lean FinTech startup?
Do you think that startups hire guys more than girls?
What software do SaaS companies with mobile apps (multiple sales channels) use to keep track of core financial metrics?
How do founders with an idea go about finding if it is the best product market fit or not?
Do SaaS companies typically compensate their sales reps the same for upsells to existing customers as they do for new business?
Do law firms that have deferred payments for startups hold the founders personally liable to pay all fees incurred if the startup goes south?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: What are innovative business model of selling grains, taking from farmer and deliver it to end-user in India?
I want to test my app with students hence just .edu ending emails because our target is college students. How will this affect development? What positive and negative influences can this have?
What stats can I use to convince an investor about my business' scalability?
I am a start up outsourcing my software development. What should I do to avoid getting screwed over?
How do you encourage developers to innovate in a lean startup when you have to move fast?
Where can I find a good but affordable colour palette designer for a web-based social network in MVP state?
Is there a Bootstrap theme that supports user-generated campaigns/pages?
How does a startup handle operational tasks such as accounting, payroll, and legal?
What is the lean startup Hashtribe all about?
How can I grow my IT Innovation Department with 600 employees into excellence and not into mediocrity?
Is there an app/tool to do innovation accounting?
Startups: I rejected a $50k seed investment in my tech startup. Did I make the right choice?
How do startup boards and their seats work and how does a CEO set themselves up to retain control of the board when incorporating?
How do I get all details about the startup I joined?
How do you manage the supply chain of a startup when you are a full-time traveller?
How can we adopt the lean startup concept in governance and public administration?
How did studios like Palantir, Thoughtbot, Originate get started?
What are cheap or no-cost ways to get users for a new app?
What is the best way to develop apps and protect your product idea? Offshore with developers in India or with a local based company in Germany?
How did Yelp solve their chicken and egg issue when they launched and built an engaged user base?
What do you guys think about Skillogie, the startup that offers you the opportunity to learn by experiencing life in someone else's shoes?
What should I know about doing business in your country as an entrepreneur?
How does one get to minimal viable product without a team?
I am in the process of creating a service that allows travel agents to book for their customers. I have one major competitor. How do I compete?
Should I wait to have a child if I am a male in the early 30s and just started a startup company?
How do I calculate advertising revenue for startups?
What are the key marketing positions required for a tech startup for a consumer based product (target age group 18-35)?
How do I start a kickstarter while still working on my prototype?
How do you tactically plan for a pivot?
How do I find a UK-based lawyer who knows how to structure a startup?
What are the elements and ways of setting up an effective startup landing page?
What is the best B2B/enterprise sales CRM system for a startup with an international sales strategy (Oct. 2014)?
Do you think it’s difficult to study online courses for free (MOOC)?
Is it possible to run a multi million dollar mobile app without having a single employee?
What are some of the most inspiring books for software entrepreneurs?
I am planning on developing a marketing app for restaurants. Basically, it will be a single platform for restaurants to link to all social media. Should I charge restaurants to use this platform?
Is it a good idea to creat Google products portal On this domain name? Howigoogle.com
What does Gravity4 do? What is their business model?
What suggestions would you like to give to the early age startups who are lacking traction?
Do most recruiting professionals consider a large number of applicants a positive thing?
What are the challenges that a food startup has to face?
I'm working on a mobile only social network startup that uses graphical illustrations (icons) to represent the users. What's your view on that?
If I wanted to start a religion, which start-up methodologies should I adhere to? Lean startup? Zero to One?
In lean manufacturing, what is the alternative tool for value stream mapping?
How does one select a mobile app development company keeping a balance between cost and quality?
How do I do customer discovery?
How do I immerse myself in Scrum?
How does an acquirer encourage a founder for 2 years to stay in the company?
I've raised $4k of my $50k goal on Kickstarter with 33 days left. Getting only 1 backer a day now. I have no money for advestising of any sorts and my personal network is small. Is my campaign salvageable?
How important is MVP for a startup?
What are the lean principles?
For consumer web startups what is a good retention percentage? 25% 50%? 75?
Jason McCabe Calacanis: When do you guaranteed minimum incomes could become a viable idea?
Is there a good referral strategy for an SMS-based product?
Where can I find bloggers to invite them to write about my startup, which is related to Geotagged videos?
Should I publish my not-so-well written but working web app now or rewrite it and publish in 6 months?
Why do some products pick up traction so fast and others not?
What is the cheapest option to use parse server with for a mobile app (aws elastic beanstock, heroku, mongodb, etc.)?
What is an MVP (minimum viable product)?
From a founder's perspective of multimillion users web app, what technical HR/aspects shall we consider from having 100 to 1 000 000 users?
What online tools have helped you the most as an entrepreneur/startup founder?
What does a lean consultant do?
Scrum (product development): Are there any new books on creating best products and approaches which could be useful for Agile environment?
Will big fishes (companies/startups) keep on eating the small fishes?
Is there any difference between a one-pager and an executive summary?
My employer told me not to write unit tests so we could release software faster. Is he right?
Where is the best startup ecosystem in Europe?
What are 0$ startups which survived?
As a startup, how do you build a relationship with a Japanese large corporate?
What are the approaches to increase user signup?
What's the key difference about small business success vs. venture-backed unicorns?
Where can I find a comprehensive and international list of Teal organizations?
At what point should you create a company bank account and start with quickbooks/accountant for your startup?
How do you release a MVP that you personally find inadequate then charge customers for it?
Should I find investors or save money to fund my new software start-up venture?
What are some questions to ask first time visitors to your redesigned product page?
Where is the cheapest living space to rent and with a reliable internet connection (England)?
What metrics would be the most important to measure for startups that gather leads online and deal with SMS, email and phone enquiries?
Is spending time building scalable architecture for a new product (MVP) considered premature optimization?
Is it possible to sell a domain name together with a business plan, logo and social network pages? If so, which service enables this?
Could Blank and Ries have prevented 50% of these startup failures?
How do you make a cheap lean?
What are creative ways to increase user installations for a video streaming app besides partnerships?
Can the implementation of lean production involved functional areas outside of operations?
Where can I find shared SaaS license?
Where can I find someone to advise for my startup?
Will skill India campaign really empower Indian youth?
How much cash do you need to lay out to open a viable online store with Shopify that utilizes drop shipping?
Is it a good idea to think of ideas for a startup that encompass a growth hack?
Are there new start-up founders on Quora searching for co-founders?
What are some key elements of success when starting a dropshipping business?
Which successful and stable startups did an exit from startup events (such as startup weekend, Grind)?
What can entrepreneurs do to increase their chances of success?
Can Facebook be a part of the lean startup?
Why has Google failed at so many projects (not quickly)? Why don't they validate a concept before investing massive time and resources in it?
What books are a must read for lean principles other than 'The Lean Startup'?
Should our MVP have good test coverage?
What does the perfect e-commerce engineering team look like at different stages of startup development?
How do I learn about startups?
Startups: What are some unique things people expecting when choosing a packages for travel and tours?
Where do you learn how to build a startup?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What are the differences between the traditional product lifecycle and the Lean Startup lifecycle?
What are alternative theories for Business Model Canvas?
Should every online businessman think about e-commerce or online marketing similar to what VirtualOptim-like companies are providing?
What is an example of a company that based its business model on a reduced time-to-market in research, and short lead-time manufacturing?
Mentors and Mentoring: Why is it so incredibly important to know thyself in order to become a successful entrepreneur?
What industries/markets will be the keys to make the next wave of entrepreneurs, Gen Y, wealthy and successful?
What is the ideal niche or target audience for a love card startup?
What to do when you have only a plan and not an MVP?
What is a day like for a startup founder when the company is at its infancy, 6 months old, 1 year, and 3 year old?
What does an Employee Value Proposition look like?
How do you create a legal contract that will increase the amount of equity I earn over time working at a startup?
Systems rather than goals has a lot in common with Lean Startup and with Scientific Method? How do you see the relationship?
Do most people start hedge funds by themselves, without a cofounders?
How do I login to IMVU?
Is there an online business that I can start in $1? Can it fetch profits in 1 hour?
Should I get corporate experience before building my own startup?
What are some great sites I need to be a part of?
Do you need to get a corporate credit card right after incorporating a startup for expenses?
Why are so few people/teams founding startups to solve ocean problems?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
How do you test products within your network of friends and family?
What are top conferences and events tech entrepreneurs should consider attending?
How do you deal with the very early stage startup lows of being an entrepreneur?
What are good sites or forums for startups in India?
I have a startup concept that I'd like to create an MVP for. Since I don't have an engineering co-founder (yet), and want to move quickly on this, what are some thoughts about using a contractor such as one found on oDesk to create it?
What are good books, templates or other resources you'd recommend for getting micro projects up and running quickly?
What were your favourite talks of the Lean Startup Conference SF 2014 and why?
What are the lean marketing ways in which a startup can be promoted?
What would be a round figure of money or percentage of equity for what a growing software platform business would white-label for?
How do you search for a customer pain online?
What is the best way to rapid prototype in virtual reality?
What are the most powerful lessons you've gained from startup?
How do I collect money for my startup idea?
Are serial entrepenuers equally as passionate about all of their projects?
Can you recommend Clerky from your experience with them in incorporating your startup and other legal needs?
What if the MVP for my idea is too expensive?
Why did HighScore House fail?
If you have a worldwide idea is it better to start it locally or start it in the US?
How can you find a tech team for your startup idea when you have no money to pay them?
How could a graduate mechanical engineer best put their skills to use to start a business?
My startup does revenue of $100M a year. What would my company be valued at?
Is it reasonable to expect to take over 10% of a market?
How would you apply the Lean Startup's feedback loop to a hardware startup?
Why do venture capital funded startups fail more often than bootstrapped startups?
What are the critical factors the entrepreneurs should focus on during their transition from seed stage or pre series A to Series A funding level?
What five simple steps can we suggest for a poor family (with no or little earnings) to help them detect a simple small business opportunity which can be later donor-funded?
How can a tech startup bring best practices from classic Lean Six Sigma (process excellence - eliminate Muda) into their office without the cost of hiring a Lean expert?
What is some feedback on www.spreetree.org?
How do you write a company profile for an early stage startup?
What information must be disclosed by startups while they are still private?
Do you agree with Peter Thiel?
What are examples of implementing Lean startup to R&D business?
What does Jason Lemkin think of SaaS companies attacking business processes from the worldview of lean thinking?
What tools do product managers at startups most want integrated?
Where do the best ideas come from?
How many experienced advisors should a start up founder have?
Why did Demandware do so well despite Digital River being there?
How do you add social value to a social business? Or vice versa, how do you turn a non-profit into more of a profitable social business?
Is there a clause that can be added to an incorporation agreement that says a founder's stock allocation (common/preferred stock) cannot be diluted?
How does Product Hunt generate revenue and/or cover its operating expenses?
What is the best experiment tracking tool? How do you measure your tests?
Is the lean startup really applicable to a big corporation? If so, what are the key points? Are there specific tools available?
Why should a very successful company invest in a new landing page if they are already successful? What purpose would the landing page serve?
Why is Adobe partnering with Microsoft?
What questions should I be able to answer about my market if looking to start a company?
What features does an orbital space colony minimum viable product have? What does it do without?
What is the backstory on the Collision Conference in Vegas being held at the same times as TechCrunch Disrupt in NYC?
Should you try to get media attention to launch your startup or could that backfire?
Would a target customer prefer a business model value proposition which addressed a pain point or which created a gain?
What is lean process for improvement?
How long does it typically take a venture capital fund to respond to a submission?
What can we learn from Startups that have pivoted?
What is one fact about startups that no one will understand unless they've been in a startup?
Is it still viable to open up an entertainment website involving trailers, teasers, news, and reviews?
What critical, currently urgent, unworkable, unavoidable, under-served aviation/aerospace problem to be solved, job to be done, or need to be satisfied can I address now for you?
How do you recruit clients in a lean startup?
Who are the best early/seed stage fashion and e-commerce investors for a Philippines-based startup?
How can I find a co-founder for my platform?
How can I implement a lean strategy in a bar/café?
How do entrepreneurs get the first customers with no track record of their company?
I have an interview for a startup company program. What advice can you give me?
What is the cost of launching a speciality liquor in the US?
How do you determine whether a lean startup should be a proprietorship, LLC or Corporation/Inc. company?
What are some of the weirdest or poor business strategies which went on to become successful?
How much money can you make by organising Startup Grind event?
What were the key differentiators between Dropbox and their competition when it first started?
What are some 'lean startups' that people have made successful?
What are some web/mobile product companies in INDIA that have grown organically without spending a lot on advertising, marketing or PR?
When approaching a VC, how do I prove that we need their money if our product (website/app) is built and working already?
I am looking to launch a product for traditional travel agencies in an emerging market (B2B). Will the valuation be a multiple of revenue or not?
How do I start a tech startup in a developing country?
When do you apply for a business name and other legal stuff for your startup idea?
Is onboarding an essential component of an MVP?
Do I have to be a programmer to establish a mobile app startup?
Can digital agencies practice Lean Startup?
How do you explain growth hacking concepts to non-marketing gal?
What are some Internet companies that could be started which would help benefit some large group of people in some way?
What books/documentaries/movies can you recommend for an entrepreneur?
What is the difference between lean manufacturing and lean start up?
How important is it to incorporate a company in the idea stage? Did you do it?
What is your favorite startup and why?
Is any major start-up event taking place in Mumbai, India where aspiring entrepreneurs can network, learn, and look for investors and co-founders (tech and non-tech)?
Can I replicate a company like Google/Microsoft in my country?
Are Ello and Jenbr the future of social networking?
How do you feel when your employee steals your clients? How can we protect it?
What does it take to succeed as a startup entrepreneur?
What is the difference between lean startup and rapid prototyping methodologies?
There are so many methodologies: lean, design thinking, agile and systems thinking. From where should I start?
Where can I find a mentor or co-founder from a tech background to help me make a business plan?
Is it a good idea to lose money for the first year to gain customers and market share then charge them later?
Is it important to get a startup lawyer in the city you are looking to raise investment in instead of where you geographically are located?
Aspiring Multimillionaires: how closely should you study, research and look into the "lean startup?"
What is the best way to build a MVP for a web based social network?
What are some GIS/ big data businesses one could start?
What expertise does every start-up need?
What is the best state to register a global startup?
What advise do you have for starting and mantaining a product based company. What are some good resources for further study?
What are the best ways to set up a high performance team for a startup?
Should one prefer a closed startup company, or capitalist-dependent, given any circumstances?
What are challenges faced by entrepreneurs in using data for building and growing a successful company?
What kind of revenue model a Food/Beverages startup can follow?
How is lean startup effective and efficient?
How can I create a website like Tinder?
Where can I find Jimmy Wales' and/or Marc Bodnick's public opinion on lean startup philosophy (from Eric Ries book)?
Is the Lean Startup approach a good way to decide upon a career?
Are the initial days of a startup lonely?
What type of businesses arise/can you start due new free trade agreements?
Does the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) mentality work for hardware startups? If so, what is the best example of an MVP released for a hardware product?
How do I buy a laptop for my startup?
What don't you do that make you different from other competitors?
What is a startup's "traction"?
Should I join a startup as a 1099 employee or W2 employee?
Which of these three options will provide the best training for a future young entrepreneur, who does not have any prior work experience?
What are some startup ideas for a web developer in India?
How was WhatsApp able to create and grow a successful product with such a lean team?
Did you ever catch a great (startup) idea when you were trying to get one?
What are some key things you should be doing during the launch week of a new startup?
For someone who has a solid career working for startups, is an MBA important or a waste of time?
How can I design a cheap and quick experiment or MVP to test whether farming businesses are actively seeking better soil management practices?
How do people survive financially after quitting their job and pursuing the entrepreneur route of a startup?
How do entrepreneur sell startup?
Can you provide the exact method/model you used to put a valuation on an early stage startup? How did the founder/angel respond?
Would you use an application that turned your social media into a recruiting tool?
Is choosing the right partner for a start-up a matter of differences or similarities?
What are the pitfalls of adapting lean startup in big companies.?
What percentage of startups promote themselves on AngelList?
What type of monitoring do people need?
What do you think about travel startup Flymble.com?
What are some tools for managing and analyzing customer interviews or focus groups output?
How to work on personal projects, and avoiding all possible IP problems with current company (UK)?
When designing an app to look good on each phone, does screen size matter along with resolution?
Does there exist a job in business and entrepreneurship where one simply generates innovative, original and promising business ideas?
What (new concepts) would you recommend a B2C publisher?
What are some great ways to get the media to write/report on your apps kickstarter campaign?
Do you have problems on creation MVP of your idea?
I have a unique new product that will surely turn into a company. I want to do a Kickstarter campaign but I have no more capital and my personal network is really small. What should I do?
What are the Lean methods that I can recommend my management of a Mid-size agrochemical company?
How much money should founder take from startup?
What are some cool applications of lean startup ideas in real life other than business?
Which start-ups started with a small niche and incrementally developed ideas for bigger markets?
I have $10K, a startup idea and some anecdotal customer validation in the FinTech space. Do I invest in more research or an MVP?
My startup is a marketplace app. What is the recommended amount to include in budget for marketing using facebook?
What is the best strategy for hiring talented software engineers straight out of college?
As a frugal entrepreneur/startup, what are some must use websites?
What are ways of creating MVP (website, mobile app) without technical background?
Do lean startup principles have a place in the enterprise?
We are all set to launch our service but an international competitor has tapped the same market. What will you suggest us in such situation?
Should I incorporate in China instead of in Hong Kong? Why or why not?
My grades are bad because I do nothing for School. I work way harder at self education and try to create an app. Do I have to worry about my future?
What are the pros and cons of offering a totally open demo of my SaaS product?
Who are the most active Angels / VC's on Quora?
What are some reasons to quit a job and start our own business or startup?
Are there any truly successful startups who used the lean startup methodology?
CFOs, controllers and finance-savvy CEOs and founders: What are some must-read blog posts and articles you've come across lately that pertain to your work?
Are Lean and Six Sigma approaches used by environmental consultants with their clients, or within their own agency?
Do you need a team to bring your startup into an accelerator or can you go alone?
What does "full stack" mean?
What is the impact of lean digital going to be?
How would you successfully test a prototype that works with beacons that rely on 2 sides: one for business, which is a dashboard, and another for end-users, which is a mobile app?
I read an article in the WEEK Magazine that the novel "C + Plus Doctor Thepla" encourages India's start-up culture. Is that so? Who has written it?
Does anyone has a good source of useful information all in one file which documented everything about running a web based startup?
How can I further market my marketplace startup that connects businesses with billboard owners?
How can I found an airline in India if I don't have much money?
What problem(s) does your tech start-up help to solve? How did you come up with this idea?
How many programmers from developing countries think they have incredible talent in coding but are unable to find a co-founder that can match their talent?
What are some of the answers that successful startups have given to the famous Peter Thiel question?
What are some opinions on the development of a Lean and repeatable Real Estate team model with a command/headquarters office?
What are the pros & cons of private investors vs venture capitalists for a startup?
Any reference or suggestion for developing personalized item recommendation for eCommerce application?
What are some additional features and functions you wish AngelList had that it doesn't have now?
Canada vs Berlin, which startup hub is better to get initial rounds of funding, overall tech talent and ease of business?
I have an idea for a startup. My friends think it is great but none of them is ready to work with me. Where do I get a team?
Is it a good idea to have $1 Kickstarter reward?
How should we describe our startup when applying to an accelerator?
Are there any technology startups in the US building apps/ websites to connect users based on their opinions?
What are the startups that we wish existed?
What are the advantages of Business Model Canvas over the traditional business plan?
How would you validate a location-based mobile app idea without getting to develop the app first?
Platform Validation: Which group of users to cater the validation process to? Consumers or Creators?
I am creating a web app to streamline the use of online project management tools by connecting them together in one dashboard so you can avoid tab overload, resetting passwords and disorganization. Is this something people would use?
What if your app, web or mobile, grows unexpectedly and you have no money to handle it?
Which approach is better: developing an MVP before the customer development process or after the customer development process?
What is the most common annoying/problematic thing that an investor usually meets at tech entrepreneurs/startups pitching for investment?
Is it okay to focus on my startup and eventually leave my 30 lakh p.a. job at TCS
Can you copyright a single word? How would you do it?
How do I become an awesome marketer so that I can use that knowledge for a future startup? What stuff do I need to know to achieve it?
Why do so many people ignore Lean Startup methodologies and Customer Development?
Are there any interesting startups working with Bayesian networks?
Is it true that if you spend too much time working for someone else, you won't figure out what your own lean startup will do?
How can I optimize the resources by using both cad data as well as lean manufacturing?
How can I validate customer data from the web?
What methods are there to keep my direct sales agent with my startup and avoid being taken away by my new competitor?
How did you build your minimum viable product? What steps did you follow?
What are examples of nice things you can do to your trainee at a startup?
What tools do you use to organize feedback from customer development interviews?
How did you go from an idea in your brain to creating a real company? What are the practical steps you took? The plan, strategy, first sale etc.
Who is Stew Garner of LifeLogger (LOGG)?
How do I sell limited edition diaries/journals?
What is the latest news about the EB-6 Startup Visa? Should we expect a bill in 2015?
What is an example of of a startup who failed because the problem existed but the customer was not aware of the problem?
While outsourcing my startup, should I learn programming or just focus on customers and scaling?
How can a teen start making money in India without investing a big amount?
How lean can a "lean start-up" really be, if success is to be a realistic possibility?
What is lean angle?
What's the most cost-effective platform for tracking unique monthly viewers with precision?
What can governments learn from Lean Start up the methodology?
Lean Startups: Is there any technical writing application which is useful for a small startup firm?
How does the loss of the company get borne by the founders if the seed funding was from incubators or angel investors?
What can we extrapolate from Uber's increasing revenue losses?
Regarding http://www.advicetalk.net. Is the idea clear to you as a visitor?  How would you attract sellers/coaches if you were me?
What's the status of requirements engineering researching or theory for software development in the mobile Internet era?
What are the most widely used open source web applications in startups?
How much do you REALLY need to drop ship?
Is it a good idea to join an Accelerator program for a business idea or start with another interested cofounder instead?
How good is the business model canvas for the prediction of future success?
When is the best time to startup?
What is the optimal information flow process within startups?
What's the best way to write a legally binding agreement for a start-up?
What are some of the challenges faced by non-American B2B SaaS startups trying to sell to US enterprises?
What is the single founder startup life?
What advice will you give to first time gymmers trying for a lean body?
Is it possible to take a startup from MVP to 100M revenue in a year?
When is the right time to stop running a tech business from home and take it to the next level? ( build a team, office etc.? )
What is the best type of art for a startup to have on its walls?
I really want to start my startup to solve some challenging problems like the environmental problems we face. Is it possible to do it when I do not have any diploma or degree in these domains and I can only educate myself through books and website?
In Lean Startup, why is pre-selling fake products advocated instead of old, yet effective, survey techniques such as conjoint analysis & Juster scale?
What is it like to be beaten up by venture capitalists?
What is a lean startup coffee?
Why should I hire a software house?
What are some essentials when considering a startup?
What are some factors to consider when finding cost saving potential from a Buyer's perspective?
How do you start an online platform that requires two complimenting parties to come together?
A major gym chain has agreed to allow me to resell their memberships for them. Can I begin negotiations with one of my existing companies?
How does a BPO/KPO company approach companies for outsourcing? What does a startup company need to ensure to get their first contract?
Startup Founders and Entrepreneurs: Do I need to register the company (as firm or pvt Ltd.) before creating a landing page to validate the idea? Are there any formalities involved?
Experienced Startup Founders and Angels/VCs: your recommendations for employee 1) number, 2) compensation, and 3) budgeting?
How do you approach your last attempt?
What are some clever ways in which you have turned buyers around that originally had a bad impression of you?
How did startups like Flipkart, Ola, Paytm, SnapDeal get media attention through news material and advertising to became the talk of the town?
What is the cheapest way to incorporate a startup as an LLC?
What can you do when you fail to raise Series A after “graduating” from an accelerator?
What goes into a business model for a board game?
As a startup founder, I am negotiating a partnership with an small company. What kind of relationship shall I establish and how much equity shall I allocate to them?
Are there employers who deliberately trap you into being unable to leave their company?
Have you bought an email list to sell your SaaS product? Was it worth it?
How could a software company with no revenues, little barriers to entry, and only 12 team members be bought for $100M?
I have a referral code for UBER which should give me free ride when I sign up. But I think I am doing something wrong. Can someone tell me exactly what are the steps? My code is sumanb185ue.
Are any startup accelerators out there using Launchpad Central partially or completely? Are there any low-hanging fruit benefits from the product? Are there any gotchas?
What is MVP?
If you incorporate a startup do you need to hire an accountant right away even if you are pre revenue?
Will Antonio Brown get the MVP? (Most Valuable Player)
What are some best practices for showing minimum viable product designs to potential users?
What are creative ways that unfunded startups have structured payments for a service contract?
How can someone hire individuals who can go out to local hotspots and convince people to download your app?
How can India become the world's hub of startups even without helping entrepreneurs converting LLPs into Pvt. Ltd.?
What's the most important thing to know about crowdfunding?
What is the interoperability that Eric cries talks about in IMVU history in 'The Lean startup'?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
How would you approach a company to test your MVP?
How can I make a MVP for an educational startup?
What are the benefits of Stamplay vs. Parse server?
Steve Jobs didn't believe in market survey. He said that people don't know what they want. And whatever he made was new and yet people bought it. How did he do it?
What are a few things every startup needs?
Where is it better to conduct online survey targeting tourists with regards to restaurant discovery app?
What is better, to pay for a mentor or to earn a mentor's trust for a new startup?
Can lean startup methodology be applied to a web design startup?
Is it advisable to have a mock sales funnel for an MVP for validation?
At what point after a market introduction is it advisable to seek further investment?
Does BCAA makes you lean?
I'm building an app right now but I'm not doing it for people. What should I do?
How does a company scale?
Blogs: How can I enlist hundreds of blog contributors?
Our tech startup is registered as a Delaware C Corp. We provide a lead generation platform that sources demand for a particular consumer service. Can we create an LLC subsidiary to own the service provider entity that we source demand to? How would this work?
How does a remote PC tech support business works? What are the steps to start this kind of business In India?
As a tech startup owner with very good growth, would it be bad to reach out to potential acquirers in hopes of a successful exit?
What should I master, algorithms or new technology?
How can I start my business with minimum investment in pharmaceutical retail and wholesale in Solan Himachal?
What are the most promising startups founded in 2016?
Why do so few startups have positions in UX research?
What is the biggest problem with the http://maply.us application?
What clause in termsheet can allow an angel investor to hold on to his shares in a startup even till the stage of IPO without there being a compulsion on him to dilute or cash out? Is there any clause like that at all?
What should I do if my co-founders only contribute marginally just enough to not be asked to leave and to wait until their stocks are fully vested?
What is the honesty curve?
What is a good lean checklist for running your first customer pilot to ensure the right objectives and outcomes are set at the start?
What is the best way to set up an umbrella company in OZ for an online business, knowing full well that you will be incorporating it in a tax haven (Anguilla) within 1 year?
When is it worth to "sign someone else's paperwork" in SaaS?
After pitching to 2 investors, they're asking me to handover everything (NDA can be signed), should I do it?
I have a minimal viable product, that hit the market and sold 30 units in its first 3 days, it is the only product of its kind, what should I do?
What qualifies product managers to lead startups more than UX managers?
Which author wants startups to focus on customer traction as a first priority?
How do I determine if a startup is lean or not?
I am entering the sales and services venture in the home decor industry. Shall I start with a sole proprietorship, Pvt Ltd. or LLP? What are other ideas?
Personal Finance: How does a small business make a first sale?
What do aspiring entrepreneurs usually spend their money for? As an experienced entrepreneur, what would you suggest they should purchase instead?
I am starting a business for the first time and have no background in finances. What are some good books and blogs I could consult to learn the key concepts/figures I should master as an entrepreneur?
What's the best way to establish a link to Silicon Valley for non-US resident entrepreneurs?
How do I reach out to prospective program partners?
What are key metrics you must achieve to have success in your current project/enrollment/dream?
When should one search for investment after launching a MVP?
Are Lean startup method and Steve Jobs' method of working on new products completely disjoint with nothing in common?
Are startups/companies that pivot in response to investor feedback more successful? If so, by how much compared to those that don’t?
If my startup sells loans, what kind of profits can potentially be made?
I have an enormous business idea, how do I make it a reality?
Why is thinking big even with the process detail don’t pay much, but implementing a small thought pays far more?
What are the startups offering summer internship 2016 in Chennai?
What are the best blogs about startup sales?
I have a start up idea, but the problem is that I can't share the idea with people. If I do, will somebody else use that same idea?
How do small startups manage their product design process?
What is your feedback on my startup, Tandem?
How do you validate a product market fit for online analytical service?
How did the Samwer brothers get started?
What are some good coworking spaces for online startups in Asia, Europe or South America?
What is lean digital?
How much does market size and high profit margin influence valuation?
What are some great NGO's that support startup communities?
What are the services WhatsApp outsourcing from outside?
How do fund raising for startups works?
What are the risks and threats when raising more than $100k Angel money for an idea stage startup?
What are the biggest time wasters while building your startup?
How do I get training in customer development?
How do I decide which idea to pursue?
I'm testing mock sales for my startup's MVP with a landing page test. What should happen after the customer clicks the faux-buy button to ensure we are learning from them as fast as possible?
How do I promote a new SaaS-based application?
Me and my friends are creating a online platform (website) to bring all psychologists at one place. How can we create a business plan and better team?
How can I leverage my passion for systems, tooling, and infra into the lean startup I'm about to join?
Post-traction, should we avoid approaching a VC that we know has already invested in a similar SaaS product?
What is your opinion on C-K theory?
My startup Netlodge.net is doing great, but how do I gain more members? We already have 60,000 Twitter followers.
What's going to be the next big milestone for software products after getting lean?
What are some games where one can learn entrepreneurship?
Is enough being done to encourage lean goals in enterprises?
I have market validation for my startup idea but I am currently unemployed. Do I seek a seed round or get a job and fund it myself?
What are the factors to be considered while choosing technologies for a start up?
How does one go about executing and scaling their startup as FAST as possible?
What is Betterment's marketing stack in regards to gathering data?
What does the latest and greatest lean business plan outline for startups look like?
What's the best way to deal with venture capitalists?
What should you build first when developing your startup: the seed-money, the product, or the team?
How do successful entrepreneurs find it in them to stay ON for long periods of time and keep their mind on the end goal?
What roles are needed in an early stage startup?
How can I make a perfect team for my startup?
How do you assemble a business team?
What questions come to mind when thinking of start-ups?
What are some interesting articles on continually improving process?
Are product/market fit and growth the most important criteria for a VC to consider when investing?
Can you create a successful startup with the mindset of handing the reigns over when it's profitable?
How is new business failure rate calculated?
Identify the key features of the online grocery market that may act as barriers for the adoption of lean principles?
What is wrong with the lean methodology?
What challenges do you face around idea validation?
As entrepreneurs and founders, when facing a mental breakdown and being stuck without improvement of your business, what activities have you realized that helped you flourish your mind?
Is there a way I can buy users for my startup?
Is it possible to make a successful startup in a completely unknown field?
What are some of the best Startup Quotes?
What is the business model and revenue model for drivers on call services by UrbanClap and other similar startups?
What should a 30/60/90 day plan look like for an incoming VP of sales at a SaaS company with $3M in ARR?
I had an unfinished sales deal with a company. It could not materialize. Can someone help me in breaking the ice with this company?
In what direction do you pivot when you don't have enough data to take a decision?
Our product has managed to get 5 customers with a revenue of 30,000INR in the 1st month. Are we doing good? would it attract investors?
What are examples of online only new consumer product launch?
Can anyone cite names of recent non-lean successful startups?
Is it good to approach multiple investors at the same time in a hope to find the best investor?
How can you use big data technology for analytic in startups to disrupt the market?
How can I submit multiple startup ideas to an accelerator?
Entrepreneurship: What's a good primer to get me started in the areas of management skills and knowledge?
How is a company like Hotel Urbano valued? Is it a multiple of revenue?
Which ruby on rails developers or companies in India are looking for a new paid project?
Startup Ideas: How can I get a hold of independent hotel owners to validate my idea?
What is the best framework for startup name generation?
For my first MVP should I build it as an app or a website?
How did Airbnb initially test and validate their hypothesis that people are willing to stay at a stranger's house, and that home owners are willing to rent our their homes to strangers for a day at a time?
What is 5s?
What are some important considerations while negotiating an executive position at a startup?
Is it true that Application Development has no scope when it comes to internships as compared to Web Development?
How would the data infrastructure of a startup that wishes to collect user-provided data look like?
Would you be interested in a real-time cloud based solution that analyzes a large amount of open source data and provide strategic and competitive value to a public sector?
What is the business model of Paytm? What is its concept, capability and value?
How do I build a tech start up without knowing how to code or having any capital?
When is the best time to ask for seed funding for a mobile startup? Before building an MVP or after building a fully-working MVP?
If you wanted to test demand for features and the rate of conversion to premium services on a new app, would you choose the iOS or Android platform and why?
What is life like for the Samwer brothers?
What are some interesting companies offering productized services (like a WPCurve)?
What are the most vital elements of a lean startup?
Are there any technology startups in the US building apps/ websites to connect users based on their opinions?
What was Instagram's minimum viable product?
What startups in Italy have crossed $5M in revenue?
What is the major difference between lean SCM and strategic sourcing?
What do I do next If 200 users sign up in 24 hour and spent 1hr on average on my test prep service?
What would 500k seed money be used for in a social network startup, with only a founder?
What are some ways to make your pre-launch, social media startup seem attractive to Angels, Accelerators, and VCs? And what are some good sites, like Product Hunt, to gain pre-launch attention from future users, Angels, and VCs?
How would you validate a location-based mobile app idea without getting to develop the app first?
What startups in Sweden have crossed $5M in revenue?
How much cash do you need to lay out to open a viable online store with Shopify that utilizes drop shipping?
What are sources available for getting free market research data? How can we do free market research for  bootstrap startup?
What online tools can one use to quickly validate the need for a hardware product before making it - what features to have, who are the early adopters, what excites them, distribution channel and so on?
What startups in Germany have crossed $5M in revenue?
What mobile app startups have crossed $5M in revenue?
How do I tell my cofounder that he needs to improve his written and spoken English?
What are the best recommendations for an Edtech (low budget) startup with a unique USP?
Is there a study about whether launching a startup (and succeeding) in the USA makes a difference for a successful worldwide expansion or not?
I've been asked to white label or do a rev share for my product. What are the benefits/disadvantages of doing either, and what should you expect in return from white labeling?
What startups from Argentina have crossed $5M in revenue?
What specific algorithms do you use to segment customers?
What is the good book or resource for mobile app startups?
What is the best way to build property management by wireframe step-by-step? How can I connect buyers and sellers with consumers? (Like Appfolio and Trulia)
Do you think a diagramming tool that helps students to visually construct a program flowchart and execute the logic is worth developing?
What tech companies have the most momentum that have under 10 people on the team (as of September 2014)?
Do you have a startup based in Europe?
What startups in Portugal have crossed $5M in revenue?
Where can I find an updated list with all of the businesses from the US?
How transparent should I be about my personal thoughts and opinions as a startup CEO? Should I maintain a personal blog, etc?
How do I get funding for my e-commerce startup still in the concept stage and not exactly in business?
Who are the best agile/lean consultancies and software houses in the UK?
Does Google have an unbreakable monopoly on online advertising? In what ways could an outsider break the monopoly, hypothetically speaking?
What are the main issues you run into when planning events/activities with your group of friends?
How do I price a subscription service in an educational startup?
How many deliveries do you think is possible within 1 hour and a 10km radius by car?
What startups in France have crossed $5M in revenue?
How can a crowd-funded wearable technology start-up get the attention of the media and reporters?
What is the best website to build a launching page but get you traffic as well?
What is the core mission of a business developer at an early-stage start-up?
How can one start a business in the healthcare industry with the less than a crore of startup money?
What's the first step in founding a startup for someone who wakes up with enough money for breakfast?
What should be the gestation period between conceiving an idea and implementing it?
What constraints should be placed on headcount growth in a rapidly growing startup?
What payment processors are recommended for lean startup teams?
How can I validate my Android MVP?
What startups in Spain have crossed $5M in revenue?
Should I directly set-up my business of processed foods/snacks or run a franchise for beginning?
Is there a startup solution for unlimited SMS sending?
We are bootstrapping startup in India and are a two sided global marketplace. What is the revenue that we should be hitting by the end of year 3?
How do I validate my idea for a website that makes money through advertising and commission fee relationships?
What are startup approaches other than going lean?
When is the best time to startup?
Should I have a lead gen before product market fit?
What are the fastest growing startups in the consumer space so far in 2014?
What is the optimal number of co-founders for a startup? And why?
Can you bootstrap an ecommerce startup? How much should one budget for building a MVP with paying customers?
What are the impacts and feasibility of an e-commerce startup setting up store using platforms such as Zepo or Shopify and then once the desired volumes are reached would aim to go on its own platform? What would be the potential challenge and suggestions to avoid them?
What is the quickest way to build a simple marketplace MVP?
Any idea for startup which can be executed without leaving my job for a while?
How do you validate your business idea even before creating a landing page and picking a name? What steps do you take?
What are the key components of growth hacking?
How can I get my first customers in the software and web business? Besides web marketing (which I did a lot without real results), what else I can do?
What's the right way to calculate churn, by percentage of what's up for renewal, or by percentage of beginning MRR?
How should a budget change as a startup grows?
What startups became successful without marketing?
How did social media startups like Instagram and Snapchat get users in the early days? Any good marketing strategy for similar situations?
What startups in Colombia crossed $5M in revenue?
What type of company entity should I form for my consultancy in San Francisco?
What factors would have to be in place to raise $2m for 10% of a new, bootstrapped company from seed/first round VCs?
As an Indian living in Australia, should I start my startup in Australia or India? Why?
We are a lead generation web startup. What are the best ways to structure affiliate marketing partnerships with other websites for them to send their traffic to us at no up-front cost with revenue-share deals in place?
Why did Airbnb choose Airbnb instead of Homebnb or Hotelbnb? Do they plan to rent air?
Pre-revenue or "prototype mode" how, when and why did you know your 1st, 2nd etc. successful hardware business would scale and not only appeal to a few hundred paying customers?
How do I do an opening ceremony of a web startup so that it reaches more audience?
How did Housing receive its initial traction? How did they attract the first 100 to 500 listings?
Are you a startup looking for Rails developers?
I just won 45 days of designer and developer time to create the MVP of an app I'd like to launch. What can I expect from them and how can I ensure I will get it?
If you are a start-up, which part of finding and hiring legal services has given you the biggest headache?
What are some startup mentorship program videos or blogs available where I can learn everything from team making to funding and everything related to a startup?
Which one is better for startups: Exotel or Freshdesk?
Why is Adobe partnering with Microsoft?
What are some best practices for showing minimum viable product designs to potential users?
Is there an app/website for the apartment/house rental business?
How do you test a lean startup idea if you don't yet have an audience?
I am building software for large companies (3+ offices, 50+ employees) to improve the happiness of employees. How can I find potential customers to survey them, get early feedback, show wireframes to etc?
How do you balance strategic focus and flexibility?
Should I launch my feature as a beta or MVP?
What are some ways to validate an idea of making high-end wooden kitchen products?
What is the best practice when it comes to product-market fit for non-technical, non-software based services?
What are the best tools for a fledgling startup to validate their assumptions about market opportunity and user interest, in addition to launching a version and connecting with users?
Are startup accelerators still there for the underdog?
What are some hoteling/hotdesking software solutions that are affordable for startups to use?
Why were kanban boards invented?
Steve Jobs didn't believe in market survey. He said that people don't know what they want. And whatever he made was new and yet people bought it. How did he do it?
What do I do about competition? Do I have to make experiments or can I pretend they did it for me?
Where can I verify my startup idea for enterprise?
How can I generate new software startup ideas?
How can I check that my sales agent called a list of clients?
How do I best let go an unproductive co-founder, who is also a friend (we are still unincorporated)?
Is it a good idea to let three founders of a start-up have different equity but the same power?
What is the biggest business ever created on crowdsourcing platforms such as Elance/Odesk?
User Acquisition: How do I calculate the rate of adding buyers and sellers?
I am building a new kind of HR software and need to find HR managers and CEOs of mid-sized companies to put the MVP (clickable prototype) in front of. How can I go about finding them?
How do I sell technology services to restaurants (single location - owner/operator)?
How can a high school student receive mentorship and advice from startup founders?
What would be the best way to hire employees for a social network startup and being a first time founder/CEO?
What are names of lean startups that failed?
I have a good paying job with a very renowned MNC but I feel I will be able to do much better if I start my own venture. I just got promoted last month - shall I take the risk?
SCORE and the Small Business Development Centers offer free (or low-cost) resources that can help entrepreneurs. How have using these resources helped you (or not helped you)?
Does Jason Lemkin regret selling EchoSign to Adobe?
Would it be good strategy to create an MVP (Minimally Viable Product) in WordPress, have it gain traction, then invest in development?
What is the preferred strategy for launching a startup, going all in or starting small?
Where is the MVP approach applicable?
What skills can I learn right now that look very professional?
If you had to share only 1 image, which image would you choose to portray "entrepreneurship"? Why?
What are the some great business models given the current trends of products and entrepreneurship in India?
Do day dreamers make good entrepreneurs or startup founders?
What is the fastest and most cost effective way to poll a statistically representative chunk of the population to estimate the market need for an innovative physical gadget that I'd like to design and produce?
What are key indicators of product market fit?
What is the ideal percentage for a successful startup to focus on per these tasks (planning, execution, ideation)?
What do consumer web startups need to focus on most just before public product launch?
What gaming startups have crossed $5M in revenue?
How do I split the revenue with the content owner of a test prep startup (authors of a questions bank), where I own the store and distribution and they provide the content?
What is the definition of "execution" with respect to a startup which has pivoted? (Context is a technology startup)
What are creative and effective ways to get more responses for your questionnaire on validating a potential client's needs?
What startups in Denmark have crossed $5M in revenue?
What are the options if you are unable to find a job, penniless, and want to start your own company?
How can I start a media company like BuzzFeed in another country and with another language?
What techniques / methodologies allow Frank Quattrone to extract an M&A premium for his clients?
How do I decide which tasks are more important than others, when everything seems equally important?
What startups in the UK have crossed $5M in revenue?
Is it a conflict of interest for Yahoo to acquire a company that Marissa Mayer has invested in?
Are Ello and Jenbr the future of social networking?
How do I recruit a team when all I have is an idea for my startup which is at an early stage?
Will Box be the next $10-50 billion company?
What is an acceptable income for a developer in a lean Australian tech startup bootstrapping a business?
What are some books/learning resources on first-time entrepreneurs/small business owners?
Which marketing strategies should I consider before launching a free version of my software?
How often should you rely on your "gut feeling" when hiring for a startup?
What is a good month over month (MoM) growth rate for a SaaS company?
What do Steve Blank and Eric Ries think about Peter Thiel's "Zero to One"?
How do I start a beverage industry with minimal investment, and how do I run it successfully with less manpower in India?
Is it a good idea to lose money for the first year to gain customers and market share then charge them later?
What is the best startup that is not yet built today (but is feasible)?
Is there a website that lets people create and vote on feature requests?
What startups in eastern Europe have crossed $5M in revenue?
Which companies, firms and agencies are the absolute hardest to get into, and the most selective and "elite" in their recruitment?
At what stage of a startup does it make sense to expense mobile phones for employees?
What are some stories of young entrepreneurs who had nothing, so to speak, and then made a simple deal and ended up making $10k - $100k, just from that one deal, and started their career from that?
How does Travis Kalanick feel/want to respond to Petel Thiel calling Uber, the valley's most "ethically challenged company"?
How hard is it to be a good venture capitalist?
What is the best way to recruit software engineers for a startup company if the company doesn't have much money but has the potential to make it big?
Which business relies entirely on scraping data for its revenue?
How can software testing methodology be improved using nanotechnology?
How did the Samwer brothers get started?
How many meals were food startups like Munchery, Spoon Rocket doing in their first 6 months?
The lean startup philosophy suggests failing fast and perhaps shipping buggy code to at least get feedback. Could this philosophy really apply to digital health software one is attempting to sell to health providers?
What are some companies that have built great minimum viable products for startups?
Where would HubSpot be if they didn't take any funding?
What Lean Startup books are awesome and which ones miss the mark?
Should a startup always be backed by some investors or is it still fine if it is self-funded?
Are there any good guides or templates for a tech startup's OPEX costs?
How has the SaaS industry changed over the last 5 years?
What open source solutions exist as alternatives to landing page services like Unbounce, Instapage, KickoffLabs, etc.?
Wireframing: Which is the easiest and best wireframetool for you?
Is Geoffrey Moore's crossing the chasm theory applicable to non-tech startups?
What's the best way to launch a product range without any initial funds?
What are some well known lean startup processes?
Is there anyone who has the The Lean Startup book by Eric Ries that can share it with me?
Can lean management concepts work in political environments and government systems? Why?
What determines a startup's failure or success?
How did you bootstrap?
How can I find a start-up technology company that will take some of my personal savings as funding in exchange for some equity?
How do I apply the concept of minimum viable product when developing a food product?
What are some tips for building a startup while working a full time job?
Does the following logo justify a lifestyle brand called Vintage Mumbai?
Persevere, Pivot, or Punt - How did your startup decide and what data helped?
What agile/lean tools do you like for impediment tracking?
What are interesting books or studies describing the workforce of the future?
Are there successful "startup factories"?
What are the consequences of copying a business model of a successful online startup from one country to the other?
What are some examples of startups who have patented parts of their technology or business at an early stage?
What startups in the Netherlands have crossed $5M in revenue?
Why didn't Pono Music just create an app for high fidelity music playback?
At what period of time (in life) is a startup most likely to take off?
Do you believe your startup business is helping to transform communities and solve global challenges?
What are the startups gifting their employees this Diwali? What is an affordable yet unique gift?
Which features of a business make it unable to be cloned?
How can you get 100 daily visitors to test a landing page without spending money (or very little)?
Is ISIS (militant group) a lean startup?
What is the cost to start up a web development bootcamp?
Do you agree with phrase - move fast and break things?
As a frugal entrepreneur/startup, what are some must use websites?
I'm almost finished with my MVP (which will be a video showcasing how the software works and what the benefits are), and I want to use it to run a Kickstarter campaign. How do I give it the best chance of being successful?
What are effective ways for pre-launch web startups to structure affiliate marketing deals to get traffic for no up-front cost on a revenue share basis?
What are good sources of user research on startup founders?
What is the best video, blog post or other content that you would send to an engineer to get them introduced and excited about lean startup development?
What startups from Brazil have crossed $5M in revenue?
I'm working on a mobile only social network startup that uses graphical illustrations (icons) to represent the users. What's your view on that?
Is there a list of lean start-ups?
Can anyone cite names of recent non-lean successful startups?
Is there any explainer video production company that provides biggy studio quality at startup prices? Say around $200-$300/minute?
What is the fairest way to pay sales commission, in a business that customers pay monthly, like SaaS?
What are the ways an early stage startup can raise funding for buying assets (ex: machineries or physical collaterals which cannot be sourced)? Do investors fund a startup that requires some physical assets for its business?
If features alone aren't enough of a differentiator, yet features can create experience, do you think experience can be considered a differentiator?
How will competition affect niche, cause-based crowdfunding sites?
What is good strategy to win early adopters for our upcoming reinvented email client?
Have you, or do you know of a company who has implemented the takeaway test, literally turning off a feature for a short period of time to see if people even notice?
How do I test a MVP?
How do datamining companies or datamining startups get their projects? Who could be their potential customers?
What are some important considerations while negotiating an executive position at a startup?
I have been fired from my previous job. Is it going to be difficult for me to get a new job? Do companies not prefer those who've been fired?
How do I get list of all startups in Mumbai (India)? Especially startups which are founded less than 5 years ago and are in need of investment.
How do I pursue a passion that requires capital when I have no money, my parents won't help with it, and it doesn't qualify for a bank loan?
My seed investor told me if I'm getting bored I can use my company to pursue other ideas. What does this mean?
What are the best non-US-based media covering startups & technology?
What exercises would you recommend a team of future startup cofounders do together before they start coding anything?
What are the most successful landing page campaigns?
What EdTech companies have crossed $5M in revenue?
How can I defeat severe launch anxiety and procrastination?
How can I start my start up with less technical knowledge?
What is the startup with the most traction in the US right now?
How do I leave medicine for business?
What B2B companies have created the best inbound marketing, content marketing, and/or social media marketing strategies?
Our mobile app is getting way more customer support emails on Android than iOS, yet Android brings in much less revenue. What tools and practices could we use to keep our support efficient as we grow?
What are some major day-to-day problems that needs to be solved?
How do I look for startups to develop projects for them?
As an acquired employee, what are some items to consider negotiating with the acquiring company in an acquisition?
Does acquisition blocking lead to better outcomes?
How would you apply the lean startup methodology to validating a non-digital brand identity?
My company has a lean product, but we will be a smart network. How should I market it on AL?
What is the best way to protect the product from stealing, if the startup is about content creation?
My startup team has one developer and one designer. Should I add another developer or a hustler to the team?
How Google is organizing its business operation, what type of methodology are their leaders using?
What are some current hot areas for entrepreneur startups?
What is some advice for people who have hired people for their startup and are currently generating revenue from some other source?
How do you decide between two startup ideas?
What are the most innovative startups that have grabbed eyeballs?
Is it better to start a business with big startup capital from the beginning, or with small capital, extending it as per business requirements?
What's an example of a startup that launched too early?
My landing page got 500 people signing up out of 8000 visitors. Should I give up my idea?
Should there be a different business model canvas for each customer segment?
Are there any super successful startup founders on Quora who are willing to share their stories and lessons?
We're a bootstrapped mobile startup outside Boston looking to hire a full-stack developer to own our mobile products and help us create a SaaS product. What is a fair salary and some creative compensation strategies to reserve cashflow if need be?
If we decide to raise a ~100k round on AngelList, will the name of a well-known German accelerator do it as an anchor investor, or should we find a single angel?
Which one is the better approach for tech startup—launch a lean version or make a business plan and go to an incubator?
Is there any resources online (or offline) to find a partner to start-up in India?
How do I know whether an idea would lead to a successful startup or a failure?
How do I effectively start a successful marketing consultancy for startups in the Bay Area?
What is the best way to get in touch with potential early adopters to talk about their problems?
What are the latest and greatest ways to raise money as an early stage startup?
How do you find people for customer development?
How does one do startup pre- and post- money valuation taking into account option pools, warrants, and preferred stock?
What should be the ideal selection (recruitment) process at startups?
How soon can you tell when an employee/contractor is not a good fit?
Would a startup be offended if I call them a startup in an interview?
What did Watsi's MVP look like?
Does a startup have to be a certain size to get acquired?
Where can I find a framework for implementing the lean startup approach in a brick and mortar small business (specifically food and beverage)?
What business can I start with the least capital to get very high profits?
Has anyone designed a process based on user needs?
What is the best benefit you would want to get from a coach, as an entrepreneur?
What kind of interview questions should I ask the CEO of a gaming startup that is VC funded?
Why is business hard for entrepreneurs even when their startup is doing well?
What is the success rate of an "infopreneur" versus your typical tech startup?
What is the best way to do market research and test an idea in non-tech entrepreneurship?
How much money did you make from your startup exit or IPO?
What's a good business to start with minimum startup costs?
What are some Indian/Indian Origin CEOs/COO of startups who are female?
What are some of the most successful bootstrapped SaaS companies?
Is branding yourself before launching your startup a good idea?
How do you jump start innovation with limited resources?
How does one choose a niche for executing a beachhead (bowling pin) strategy?
What finance/accounting and or legal decisions made by start-ups, when small, come back later to bite them at significant milestones (investment rounds, substantial growth, IPO consideration)?
How do we determine the organizational structure & long term goals for our proposed tech startup?
What South African startups have crossed $5M in annual revenue?
I believe I have a unique idea for a SaaS team communication web app. Is this space too crowded or is it still worth entering?
What are the mechanical startups performing at par with IT engineers?
Which doctors left medicine for startups?
Who are the best U.S. vendors that provide customer service for startups?
What is the best online funding platform for a startup to raise capital through?
What do you think about HipDriver.me?
What are the best values in international calling plans for small businesses?
Is there another way (other than a landing page) to validate a software idea?
Is it ok to use tracking cookies to track visitors of a website anonymously?
Is there an easy way for a small web startup to accept $10-$20k of seed funding from about 10 people (friends and family)?
Where does the word "lean" in lean startup come from?
Is it possible for a bootstrapping entrepreneur to offer services to clients, as well as having enough time to build, own products and services successfully?
How do I do my retention negotiation in an acquisition?
Who in Minneapolis would be a good speaker for an audience interested in lean methodology?
Why do people have to retire?
Quora has raised $160m, having burned through at least $60m, with another $100m recently raised. Why do they need so much capital?
What's the average time it takes to ramp a new sales rep?
What are some good serious games to learn Lean Startup?
Realistically, what kind of start-ups does 500 Startups fund?
I'm the cofounder of a profitable bootstrapped software company looking to expand, possibly into SaaS products. Where can I find a mentor to help me accelerate our growth over the next few years?
How do I start a manufacturing plant in India?
Why don't we create something like a "startup dictionary"?
How can I launch my startup without quitting my job?
What would a typical lean startup work plan look like for a web/mobile apps company starting from scratch? What are the critical milestones to be targeted?
I need an advice on my early stage startup from an experienced founder/Angel/VC. I am based out of Gurgaon (Delhi/NCR) India. What should I do?
How can entrepreneurs and startup founders use Quora effectively?
What are some secure payment service providers that can be used to take payments in New Israeli Shekels?
Which are the nicest and fastest ways to build simple beautiful hot sites like the thousands that are popping up out there?
Are there examples of companies that have failed due to a lean implementation?
What is the success rate of an "infopreneur" versus building a small business?
What are the advantages/benefits of working in a startup company if you plan to start your own company in the future?
Which Internet startups have been founded with less than $10,000?
What is the best way to teach Lean Startup principles?
How long should one wait before dropping a particular validated learning experiment?
Can a startup be successful if the founders work in the dorm?
How will the Snapdeal acquisition by eBay affect players like Amazon and Flipkart?
How should I approach potential clients to start testing my viable product?
Big tech companies like Facebook and Google keep acquiring promising startups. Why can't the startups stand upright and keep prospering? What is the basic problem with these startups?
Would you use an online application to search, rent and manage your bills for a room or flat?
What is the startup scene like in Lake Tahoe? Are there any startups in the area that are funded?
How would I find a killer software (app) development partner for a startup, considering I built and recently sold one of the fastest growing web startups in America, and have good connections in my space?
What are the best resources (people, blogs, articles, videos) about writing & selling your book in a "lean startup" way?
How would you bootstrap a business without spending a single dollar and get it to $10k per month in 6 months? What business would it be?
Which African startups have crossed $5M in annual revenue?
As a frequent speaker and panel participant, what topics would Jason M. Lemkin like to speak about more often to entrepreneurs but hasn't yet gotten a chance to?
Give me some business ideas where there is minimum investment and the outcome is greater?
What are good download/user milestones for a free mobile app to shoot for?
What are some ideas for a startup with minimum investments?
Was Paul Sciarra "pressured" out of the CEO position of Pinterest?
How does a small start-up knock out a big competitor?
How do the music and movie business protect their content from stealing? The business model is an obvious answer, but what else is possible?
How can I privately add a 'side business' at Linkedin?
How useful would it be for you to have access to other lean startup validation experiments?
How do you handle building an MVP and preparing for scale?
Should "Lean Startup" and "Business Model Canvas" be used for "lifestyle businesses" as opposed to tech startups?
How do you make sure that your everyday actions and long-term strategy go hand in hand?
What are the actual benefits of working with a lean consultant as opposed to just reading the books?
Would you submit your startup idea to an online site for review if such a service were offered?
What are the self-funded startups that became worth billions?
What are some good, free, or low-cost services that startups could use to save on costs?
What are the key tools that successful internet startups are using daily?
What are some of the things that Andreessen Horowitz has done to disrupt the VC industry?
How do you define the values of your lean startup experiment's success criteria?
What are some popular startups, technology or growth hacking forums?
How can I grow my SaaS company from $1.5M in yearly revenue to $4M to $5M in revenue in the next 2 years?
What is the optimal sample base when determining product to market fit for an app?
Is there a site dedicated to ludicrous Silicon Valley startup ideas that people are actually considering?
What is the best way to get in touch with the SBA and commercial lenders for B2B sales?
Why does the community underestimate doctors who leave clinical practice and start a company?
What are all the subsidized hosting options for startups in India?
What are the most important points to negotiate if I am working at a big company and received an offer from a startup?
How do I start a startup just after finishing my graduation in engineering?
What are some free/cheap lesser-known marketing websites/techniques for a startup to continuously reach out to a large target audience at the initial stages?
What does Peter thiel think of lean startup methodologies?
We're a bootstrapped team of two working on a startup in Israel. When should we incorporate a company?
Are there any good (and affordable) seminars or programs in the Silicon Valley area to help coach young managers?
What are the chances of success if I started a start-up that works in the field of computer-aided engineering (CAE) services as CFD, FEM, and consultation work that serves automotive, aerospace, oil and gas industries in the Middle East region?
What should I do next as my startup was acquired and I am now an early employee?
As a student with minimal money, where can I invest in order to get the most for what I have?
What are the best lead generation sites for lawyers?
How do I know how to calculate equity when negotiating a deal?
SaaS: Is it possible to build successful B2B enterprise SaaS business without any cold calling and other outbound marketing techniques?
Why don't accountants run startups?
How can an entrepreneur use Evernote to improve his/her efficiency?
How is www.growthhacker.tv currently growing in terms of revenue?
I want to hire someone like Jared Dunn from Silicon Valley (TV) to be an assistant for an entrepreneur. What would this role be called?
How crucial is it to follow Silicon Valley start-up model in order to found a successful tech company? Can't I just do it my way?
What are the best co-working spaces in Boulder, CO?
Which is a better place to start your startup for the long run: London or Toronto?
Is it hard to build, market and maintain an iPhone app that makes at least $3,000 a month?
What are the reasons behind Fiverr's success?
What should I do If I am just a student at 20 and I want to be a millionaire before I turn 24?
Has anyone used a SurveyMonkey survey to validate market interest for a new product or service startup idea?
What are the most important skills and experience for a head of product in an early stage tech company?
How do I start a software company around 4000 rupees per month with only one employee? Which place is good for me?
What are some businesses that were very successful almost immediately after they were conceived and launched?
Should we name a website meaningful or some buzzy new word of other language?
What are the simplest yet extremely good converting websites for mobile apps?
How does one grow a startup so it's established?
How much traction (in numbers) should be sufficient to prove a venture capitalist that the SaaS-based product has future?
What is the best career advice a not so successful businessman in his early 20s can hear?
How can we not suck at operations?
How much would it cost to develop a Google adsense clone?
All success stories sound the same and teach obvious things. Where can I learn about some unsuccessful experiences about start-ups?
How do I build a questions bank business for schools?
What are small startup projects that can be done and validated within a weekend?
What´s the relationship between Mightybell and Skillcrush?
When is it smart for salesforce compensation to include stock options?
Does anyone have a list of recruitment agencies in Bangalore?
I just had a bad phone interview with the founder of a startup and we didn't click from the moment she answered the phone. She still invited me for an interview. Should I even bother?
What kind of team do I need to get into the top 1000 of http://alexa.com?
What are the best methods for conducting market analysis and demographic research?
How much would you pay for a service which does small fixes (30 mins to 1 hour worth) for WordPress websites?
As a startup founder, after being done with the initial idea and having a development team in place (who are currently working on the product development), what should be the next steps to take the startup forward?
Would you recommend a Public Soft launch in select countries or Private Beta (mostly friends, some paid testers) for an iOS App to understand both utility and usability?
What steps should owners of a 10 full-time employee company consider to grow to a 50-100 full-time employee company, if they know where their company can grow on the market, strategically?
How would you improve a university course in Lean Startups?
What does it take to be a co-founder of an existing startup?
If I had a product I felt would go perfect in a chain of supermarkets how would I see if they were interested without building it first?
What percentage equity is fair for a startup employee to get who isn't a technical co-founder and doesn't program but is like the team's utility player?
What is your best startup experience?
I am a cofounder CEO of a 6-year-old software services company. We have not been able to successfully undertake expansion (geographically). Is it time to allow a strategic investment from a bigger player and piggyback on their setup?
If our startup has an agreement for a large enterprise client, and we have our marketing strategy and cost structure in place with guaranteed leads to feed our client, does it make sense to raise 12-18 months of runway right now?
How should one start attracting traffic to a social networking website which has just started?
Has the book 'Lean Startup' helped you in creating a better startup?
How do SaaS startups acquire their first customer?
What strategy has been successful for your bootstrapped tech startup to attract high quality marketing and sales talent in Silicon Valley?
How effective are video chats/group chats when generating user feedback?
In interviews, can you generalize that candidates 'not having questions' have not done their research on the company and are not well prepared?
I'm a one-person business with a product unlike anything else on the market. How do I get it in front of more eyes in the most cost effective way?
What platform can help me integrate a viral loop with a waiting list into sign up emails? Or should I just code this (scosman/betakit)?
What kind of start-up culture does Chennai have?
What is the easiest way to develop a simple business plan for an angel investor?
How does a startup take advantage of a competitor shutting down?
Why is "telling a story" so important for marketing your product/service? Any good examples?
What is a good business to start in Asia with around 10K in savings?
How much has United States aid to Israel contributed to the remarkable success of its businesses?
To what kinds of projects other than startups could Lean Startup be applied?
What are the best books for a CEO of a fast growing, 10 full-time employees company to help the CEO grow his company to a 50-100 full-time employees company?
Is it common for a startup to scale back on features to stay lean?
What books can I suggest to my growth hacker intern?
What should be the cost/user/month of a freemium consumer internet startup?
Who are the top companies to follow on Houzz.com?
How much does a small tech/security start-up truly need in funding to be afloat for at least 10 years?
What is the best way to hire programmers & developers from Taiwan?
How do I lean launch a product?
As a new startup, which service would you say is most important for you: design, marketing, mentoring, or something else?
Do the benefits of the Lean Startup methodology outweigh the limitations or vice versa? Any tangible examples?
What are the advantages of using videos as MVP by lean start ups?
When do the break even points of social networking sites come, whose revenue comes only from advertisements?
How can I get an office address in Bangalore/Mumbai for a company registration?
Does anybody need a a short guide to validating business ideas without a product?
How can one properly reduce costs for their startup?
I have my MVP built and validated. When should I seek for funding from VCs?
I want to start a company that develops apps and websites. I've a non-tech background and no idea how code works. What shall I do?
When is the right time to shift operations of handling and maintenance of a website from a vendor to your in house software team?
What are good ways to test a real pre-order for your product?
How do I get started with my startup idea?
What are the easiest ways to start a lead generation startup?
Are online subscribtion shops a temporary hit or the next big thing?
If you were building a product specifically for another company, Walmart and similar grocery stores for example, is there any way you could see if they were interested before you started building it?
What language should I learn for the website of my startup?
How do I test a fresher (coming from an entirely irrelevant background, say biotechnology) for startup hiring?
Can I use Entelo to find talent in other verticals/industries?
What types of startups should focus on an angel list?
How do I manage my first outside sales person?
What value in apps like 'Yo' do VCs see?
Can you share your best/worst experience on finding the early adopters for your startup?
What is the best advice for a young, first-time startup CEO?
What are some best practices for forming and validating data-driven solutions on advancing customer growth?
How do community marketplaces like Airbnb, Relayrides, TaskRabbit, CustomMade, Etsy, or HomeJoy prevent disintermediation?
Why is the IRC 409a valuation important for a start-up?
What are the risks of not separating engineering and product teams, if any?
Where does the passion comes into picture when Eric Ries says "the goal of the startup is to figure out the right thing to build which customers are willing to pay for"?
What were the key events that made instagram such a successful app? Which story did they tell in the beginning?
Are business plans an overkill for the entrepreneur to be at the idea stage of a startup?
Should pursuing web development or sales be my next move if my ultimate goal is to create a startup?
How do startups stay stealthy? What are some upsides?
What are some cool apps/websites I can build over a short period of time (weekend/week nights)?
What do we need to improve on our discussion platform?
Why doesn't the Chambers of Commerce explore their potential to be a marketplace between their members and SaaS startups?
What is the best way to find early adopters for startups?
How much does a Vice President at YourStory make?
What is G2.FM's startup business model?
I make websites, work on digital marketing campaigns, and deliver training. Where can I find sales and marketing staff to get me clients on a commission-only basis?
Why should we validate ideas? Why should we we be lean?
How big is the electric shock of V2 PAVLOK?
What is/are the best way(s) to reach ex-founders in India?
Where can I find a photo of the wooden Palm Pilot mockup?
What are the key points of Groupon's USP when approaching new prospects?
Why are M&A values of transactions confidential, even after transactions?
What challenges have you encountered when implementing the Lean Startup methodology inside a large enterprise?
What do you think about lean publishing?
Where do I find good full time content writers in Bangalore?
What is the best way to be a braver entrepreneur?
Would you use a service where you can meet new friends, enjoy home-made meals, and cook for and invite people?
What's the best way to get initial market feedback on a startup idea?
How do you validate if a problem is worth pursuing?
Where/ How can I find list of ex-entrepreneurs who are ready to move on?
