If life had an analytics dashboard, what is one statistic that you'd like to see about your life?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments in life?
What are the basic things that can take your life to greater heights in everything?
What's the limit we should go to teach our grown up son a lesson?
You are now 90 years old. Looking back at your life and all that you’ve achieved and acquired: what matters to you?
What is an "only in Canada" moment?
What is the advice that changed your life`s perspective?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
What lessons have we conclusively learnt from History and have avoided previous mistakes?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only three words?
Which are some of the things in life which proves as a blessing in disguise?
What is the main need of our life?
Is there a situation that completely changed the way you experienced life?
What are some of your successes that you wish you never had?
Is there something you wish you had done when you were 35 yrs old? If yes, what is that?
I'm planning to start making prints. Are there any tips you wish you'd have known as a novice?
What is it about life that keeps us running?
Would you believe someone who told that they've never made a mistake in their life?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
If you could do one thing to improve Quora, what would it be?
What is the thing about your life that pinches you everytime?
How important is punctuality in life?
What is some inspirational advice for one’s life?
If God says,"Tell me one thing you've done that justifies my keeping you here.", what do you tell Him/Her?
What did you do when you realized that you have made greatest mistake of your life?
What steps should be taken to avoid disappointment in life?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
What are the stupidest mistakes people tend to commit?
Have you ever felt like your life was perfect or complete? If so, when?
How has your life changed?
Radical changes in life are hard to accept. How does one accept such changes?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
What is the standard of good lessons?
What lessons should everyone learn about teamwork and cooperation?
When was the point in your life where you realized that you were financially free? What did you do then?
What is life and living?
What important life lessons, if any, does nihilism teach us?
How do you deal with missed opportunities?
How do you pick yourself up after a sequence of failures?
As a GA pilot, what do you know now that you wish you had known when you got your PPL?
What do you wish you had done differently in the past?
What is the most Assamese thing ever?
Is it normal to swear to yourself when you screw up?
To succeed in life, is it important to be an extrovert?
What are some lessons I need to learn from history and use in my future life?
What is the best thing you saw today?
Education-wise, what are the things that I should know in life?
What was one moment of your life where without God or some random chance you would've been in a different place today?
Why is it difficult to live a life of your choice?
Yesterday I turned 18. What advice do you have for me?
What is the most important thing you've learned from dating?
Why do I always think of my mistakes?
Which are the best lessons or ideas you learned from people in business?
What is the best lesson a child had taught you?
Why don't more people realize the biggest problem in life is the corrupt 1%?
What are some things that you need to learn how to do in life (e.g. how to sew and other things like that)?
Will focusing on things of little importance cause one to be of little importance?
What has been your worst "oh shit" mistake?
How important is compassion in one's life?
Have you ever taken advice from a motivational speech, and it ruined your life?
What are some of the best things that one should experience in their life?
What things force people to be successful in life?
What is the most dangerous thing you have done and why?
What do you treasure the most in life?
Are there people who have never ever made mistakes in their lives?
Why do people sometimes regret their pasts?
I think that mistakes are a great learning opportunity. Do you agree?
What was the most thug moment of your life?
Should we be forgiven after a mistake?
Have you led any experiments in life?
What is your definition of maturity based on your own life experiences?
What is the best thing one can ever do in their life at least thrice a week?
Why is it so hard to find a mentor? Why are all the successful people so unwilling to share tips?
What is the best thing you have ever done as a teacher?
What are the most scoring lessons in Mains?
What did you eat, only to regret it moments later?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
What is the most useful and clever life hack that you have learned and practiced?
What is one thing that you wish you would have known before you started meditating?
What is your greatest dream of life?
What are the mistakes you won't repeat again after getting a new smartphone?
What is best philoshophy of life?
What were the most interesting things you learned from your interviews with MacArthur winners?
Do you regret having done a lot of partying?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What are the most amazing things in your life which were once insignificant to you?
Is it true that people who try to make others happy are often unhappy themselves? If not, where did this false info come from?
What's one thing that you honestly regret?
What can change your life?
What is the one incident that made you feel the 'luckiest'?
What is your best advice to help me to change my life for the best?
Who can we learn some life experiences from?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What is the fastest way to learn how to trade without having to pay for all these expensive lessons and seminars?
What is a mistake that everyone makes?
What is very important in life?
Should we regret the glorification of startups?
Which are the most inspiring and different lessons you have learned?
What's the biggest mistake that you made as a parent?
What thing does man need the most?
Where can I find out about a prostitute’s life?
How can I recover from failure in my professional and academic life?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
What could be the most random thing you have seen on the internet?
What is the toughest situation in your life?
Will men who make the same mistake twice in marriage ever realize the mistake and change?
What is one thing you feel you will never be able to endure?
What were your regrets in each decade of your life?
Name one thing that your job has taught you about people?
What do you regret about your job?
Is it okay to live life as it is or should we look into everything and plan accordingly?
What was the most important thing you have taught your child?
What is the hardest thing you faced in learning how to code?
What can we learn from Aamod Rao?
What can I learn in one day, that other people have learned in one year?
Should you get other people to treat your son like a peasant in order for him to learn a life lesson?
What is the one thing in your life that makes you feel alive?
How can science change life?
When will liberals learn their lesson about inviting so called refugees?
What kind of lessons did Commander Dhonde teach you for Sagar Parikrama 2?
What is the most interesting thing about life?
What have you learned from the people in your life?
What's the limit to punishing my male son? I need him to learn life lessons.
What was that first incident which made you realise what you want to do in life?
If this is the last day of your life, what are the three things you would do?
What was the most important thing to you, during each decade of your life?
What is the most shameless thing you have ever seen a teacher do?
What is something that has changed your perspective on time?
What is the one thing you realized that made your life happy?
How did it feel when you faced the first biggest loss in your life? How did you overcome it?
Do you remember something you did for the first time in your life and enjoyed it?
What is the one thing that helped you stop seeing your life in terms of accomplishment vs failure?
How do I analyze my life's mistakes?
What things suddenly made sense when you realised you had aphantasia?
Did you get the CFA and now you regret having it?
What was the biggest lesson from History Hitler failed to learn?
What are the ways to evaluate quality in every aspect of life?
What are the main ideas and lessons in The Archbishop Candlesticks play?
What's the worst personal advice you've ever read on Quora?
If you got the chance to meet Sherlock Holmes and you had only one thing to ask, what would be that one thing?
What is one thing you wish you knew before becoming a Christian?
If you could do one thing sexual that you've never done, what would it be?
What are some dark facts about life?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
Would you rather start life anew with no recollection of your current life, or reverse one bad decision you made in your life?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
What are the new things in SEO that you learnt in 2017?
What are some behavorial patterns that learnt from nurture?
What is a memory that you have always remembered throughout your entire life?
What is REGRET/TQWL?
What has happened to you in one day that changed you?
Has someone ever ruined your life or tried to ruin your life?
As a girl, what are the highest and lowest points in your life till now?
What's your worst investment decision you still regret?
What is the mistake in "Everyone has his own problems."?
The Alchemist tells us to pursue dreams. Failure should be respected/ accepted? Maybe regarded as a nudge towards a different path? Do failures exist?
What's your aim in life in one sentence?
What are the best lessons you have learned during the B.Tech?
Why are some people unwilling to learn from their mistakes?
How does life rise from failure?
What is the biggest life lesson you have ever taught to someone?
What was the biggest life decision you ever made?
What do they actually teach in"Creationism" lessons?
How did eCommerce change your life?
Why does news ruin your life?
What privilege do you have, that most people don't?
What are some financial tips you have learned and wish someone would have told you when you were younger?
What is the best thing that a patient has told you?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
What is one regret in your life which you want to change?
How do I make the breakdowns and crises of my life into breakthroughs?
What is worse, regretting something you did or regretting something that you didn't do?
How did your perception of life change from when you were a child/teen?
Which thing hurt your heart in life?
What lesson took you a lifetime to learn?
What are some of your life experiences that transformed you into a man (from a boy)?
What are some examples of life-altering expenses you incurred due to bad/lazy/naive decisions you made during the earlier part of your life?
What are the best and the worst incidents you have encountered till now as an IFS?
What is something you wish you had but will never get?
I can not walk properly. Can I succeed in life?
What do you believe in most in life?
What makes you realize your life is miserable?
Other than car keys, what are the most valuable things that criminals can steal from a typical family home?
What's something you've never told anyone?
What 6 things I should learn from you?
How has your life changed since joining Quora?
What's the thing you wish you had known when you were 18?
What should I do to change my life for the better?
What are the best moments that inspired your life?
If we can not look at success stories due to survivorship bias and failures are not readily accessible, how can we learn from the past?
What was the most epic thing you've done?
What would you do if you were allowed to do one thing, whatever it is?
What was the hardest thing you had to accept or acknowledge?
What is the biggest mistake you ever made in your life?
What are the lessons that Indian people most often learn too late in life?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
What's the most intriguing thing you've learned from people who were dying?
What is the most important thing between a couple?
How can I get rid of negativity from my life?
What is the most important thing to know at 21?
What is the single best piece of advice you were ever given in relation to social life/interaction?
What exactly matters in life?
What mistakes are you glad you learned from?
What are the most over rated pleasures in life?
What is the most intelligent thing you've heard anyone say or learned in life?
If you had another chance at something you regret doing, what would it be?
What is the best thing to do in life for your parents?
Could you summarize your entire life and the lessons you learned?
What is the best stage of life?
What is the worst thing about coming out?
If you could remake one decision in your life, what would it be? And what advice can you give others about making this decision?
What is the one thing you know you should not do but cannot stop yourself from doing it?
What is the greatest challenge you’ve experienced as you’ve adjusted to life in Mexico?
What is an unforgettable incident in your life?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
Why do they say "don't judge" and at the same time also say "think wisely"? What should one actually do?
What is the hardest thing to answer?
What thing did you wish more people knew or understood about hunting and rifle-sports?
What are some overrated life lessons?
What are the types of incidents that could change your normal day or your life?
What is the best thing you have ever lost?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
What is the one thing you want to do in your life after which you can say, 'it was worth it to live'?
For veterans and active duty military, what are some important lessons you learned while serving?
What is the happiest thing in your life? What is the thing about your life that satisfies you the most?
What is the most interesting thing you've ever received in the post?
What is the best thing to broker right now?
What makes life difficult and how to escape it?
What are the pieces of advice you would give to someone who recently started using Quora?
What are some powerful stories or lessons every student should know for handling their life challenges?
My life is screwed up, what should I do?
My boss has made a mistake with my paycheck, what should I do?
What is the most important aspect of life?
If I'm content with what I have, will I ever make it big in life?
Why does the Shaheed Zulfiquar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology's business school keep getting praised internationally rather than its science programs? How can SZABIST improve its contribution and standing in that area?
If you could change one thing in Naruto, what would it be and why?
How can I make my life happy?
What is the most idiotic thing you've ever seen?
What is the most difficult/harsh time you've been through but made it at the end?
Even though I think I have learnt my lesson I will make the same mistakes. How can I avoid making the same mistakes?
What was one significant challenge in your life, school, family or community that you had to overcome and what lesson(s) did you learn from it?
What is the hardest yet most important lesson you’ve learned in your life?
What is that one thing you wish had never existed in Bollywood?
Looking back now, which was the best period of your life?
What is the deepest philosophical lesson you've ever learned from a song?
What are the last things you want to do in life?
What did you regret not doing in your youth?
Do you ever regret for the situation you are in because you were influenced by others?
Should we keep quiet when an unjust action takes place, or raise our voices despite the unknown repercussions?
What is the worst thing you have ever done up til today?
What pieces of advice will you give me from your experiences?
How can I learn from everything?
What is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What must the chance of you having a perfect life be, for you to risk screwing it over completely?
What is the best thing that happened to someone and made you jealous?
Why was a reversal in Pulakeshin's II success on field? What lessons can be learnt from it?
What is the one thing men are struggling most with in their lives?
Do you believe in learning without making mistakes?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
What has been the hardest phase of your life?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
What things do you wish to have in order to simplify your life?
What is the one thing (or person) in your life for which you are ready to give it all up?
What is the way of life?
What important lessons about confidence can we learn from Buddhist philosophy?
How do I choose which one of my dreams to pursue with all my heart? Do I have to give up one dream for another? Won't I regret it?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
What are your first steps in life?
Should I work hard and sacrifice fun to achieve my goals or just go through life and enjoy every moment to the fullest?
What's something you know now that you wish you knew when you first started your business?
Which date changed your life and why?
What experience have you heard about that motivated you to change for the better?
My roommate is wasting huge amount of water everyday. How should I teach him a lesson?
What is worse, admitting a mistake or perpetuating it?
How can one live alone his whole life without regrets?
What event or epiphany made you most of what you are today?
What is the worse mistake you ever made that could have ruined your life?
What are the most common perceptions about life?
Why did God make my life so crappy?
What was the biggest mistake you ever made in your life that you don't want to happen again?
What are the most important things in your entire life?
What is more important in life, care or self-respect, or both, as in expectations from a life-partner? Can anyone or both be compromised?
How do I fight my regrets?
What are some things you did that if you had another life you wouldn’t do again?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
What was your biggest mistake as a new realtor?
Why am I so bad at life?
What is your record breaking behavior you have heard from people of all life levels you interacted with, consequently see it in your present life?
How do I get rid of overthinking, regret for mistakes of the past, and a continuous negativity?
What’s one of the worse moments/situations you’ve been in, regarding your sexuality?
Has your parent ever made any incredbly correct decision you couldn't understand at that time?
What is the one thing you did that made people think you were smart?
Did you ever experience any form of "epiphany" that made you change the way you live your life in a significant way?
What life changing decision do you regret the most?
What is your biggest regret about your dead parents?
What's the most satisfying thing you've realized in the past 24 hours?
What is the smallest thing you done everyday that changed your life?
What are the realities of life which everyone tends to overlook?
Why don’t you concentrate on making money to improve your own life but doing this unprofitable thing?
Why am I aimless in life, not wanting to grow, achieve, or learn in life?
What is the most philosophical thing that someone has ever told you?
Have you experienced any paranormal activity at any point in your life?
What are your experiences of mindfulness? How have your life changed?
What is the life changing movement?
What has surprised you about life?
What is the biggest mistake that Smith made in the IPL 2017 final?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
If you had power to destroy one thing in your life, what would that be?
What are the lessons learned from Bahubali?
What is a good example of a life changing experience?
At what point in your life did you realize that your bad decisions and attitude were ruining your life and you decided to turn around?
What are the best study hacks which can actually be life changing?
What is the worst or the best thing in your life and in what way has that changed you? What kind of connection do you expect from a person?
Should I regret past serious moral mistakes?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
How can I utilize every moment of life?
What's the worst mistake young people can make?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
What are some tricky things in life?
What is the stupidest thing you've done in front of your parents?
What is the most important thing in the life of a single person?
Why are some people able to learn from their mistakes while others don't?
What is the most life altering moment you experienced and that you will never forget?
What is the most courageous thing you have done till now?
How can I be the one I want to?
Why is John Proctor from The Crucible an authentic rebel? What lessons can we learn from him?
Is "We don't have time" the biggest excuse in life?
Why should there be lessons learnt from Baahubali 2 when it is a fictional story?
Do you ever feel that you want to talk to someone about how you feel about your life now and what you have learnt? Tell me your story.
What is an important event that has significance to your life?
What is the most cringy thing you did in school?
Is there something that you have done in your life that the teenage you would have been surprised about?
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What are the qualities/lessons which one can learn from a pencil?
What is a mistake made by your parents that you've tried your best to avoid making?
Did you ever ignore a dream, and later realize it had an important meaning to it? Did you regret it?
How do I put a valuable life view into practice?
What's the stupidest thing you did while you were drunk?
What one thing should I do to improve my life?
What is the most wonderful relationship you have in your life?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What is the best thing that you heard today?
What are the life lessons one can learn from Daredevil?
What is an ordinary moment that you will cherish for the rest of your life?
What's the stupidest thing you've believed in the news?
If you could go back in time and meet yourself, what suggestions or advice would you like to give him/her?
How do we find good when things get bad in life?
What is the best piece of advice you could give someone on how to stay financially stable and happy?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
If there are five things you could change, what are they?
How do I turn my life around? Where do I begin?
What are the main lessons of your life?
If given a chance, what would you share with your younger self?
How can I avoid doing calculation mistakes?
Which moment in your life will you never forget?
What are some secret tricks that you know and you don’t want to share?
What things have you done this year that has changed your life in general and why?
How's your life changed now after you first failure?
What's the most difficult decision you ever took and how did it change your life?
What's the most important thing you should have accomplished in life by age 30 years old?
Is life important to you?
What FML moment turned your life around?
What is one situation in life that you would want to change if given the option?
What is the biggest turned in your life that brought to succes and move forwards?
What do we mean when we say, "You are wasting life"?
What is the one thing in life that is non-negotiable?
What life lessons have you learnt after coming to Bhubaneswar?
Would you be interested in learning about how your imagination can help you create magical changes in your life?
What is the saddest time of your life?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
What is the best accident ever that has happened to you and has changed your life completely?
If you could only accomplish one thing in the next year, what would it be?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
What do we have to do if there is no mistake on our part, only on our partner's, and then she blames us?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made? And how did you overcome it?
What is most important in the life of a student?
Why is it easier to preach, especially the life lessons?
What is that one thing which changed people's attitude towards you?
Is it ok if I expect my friends/relatives/anyone to guide me when in a bad patch, or should I consult a psychiatrist/counselor?
How should one develop a thick skin in order to survive in the big bad world?
What is the best thing you have ever done for any person in your life?
What is a mistake that you made out of immaturity or stupidity which you regret the most?
What was the most uplifting thing you learnt in your 20s?
What lessons can a person learn from another person?
What are some important things I should be warned before I make changes in life?
What are the five daily practices to a long joyful life?
Have you ever felt that your life has hit a dead end?
What are some unexpected and sudden changes in life?
Can you tell me about something you regret at first but later appreciated doing?
What is the biggest thing you have overcome in your life?
Did you ever bully anyone and later have regrets?
What is one thing you learned from Spongebob?
What burning career question do you wish you had expert advice about?
What is the one thing that you've tried to do but failed miserably?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
What is that one thing which someone said to you that distanced you from them?
What is your biggest regret from highschool?
What is the stupidest thing someone has sued someone for?
Are the best things in life free? Yes or no?
Why is the world so screwed up and what's the end game?
What is that one confession you regret not making when intended?
What was the worst thing you ever did or someone did to you?
What can we learn from the Mahabharat?
What things do you learn from nature?
Which day is the most important in ones life?
What is the biggest mistake Narendra Modi ever made?
What do to in life, after you realize you have done nothing so far worth it?
If you could teach one lesson to Indian liberals what would it be?
What are some good principles of life?
How do I become better at removing regrets from my life?
Could you give one example for a good learning experience and bad learning experience?
What is a valuable advice given to someone by you?
What is the one thing you can do to a narcissist that they wish they never met you?
What is something you wish you had done in high school?
What one experience have you had that has changed the way you behave?
What's the best piece of career advice you've ever received?
What is your worst 'why did I do this’ moment?
If you wanted to be social now, what is the one thing you need to find out and why?
I am still regretful about my decision that I made two years ago. And this mistake has been affecting my life. What can I do?
What does a perfect and complete life mean to you?
What's the most unessential thing you've done that's been most essential in hindsight?
If you asked yourself "what is the one thing in the world I would like to have that I don't have," what would it be?
What are some interesting examples of life timelines or life maps?
Do people wish they had more holidays? Why or why not?
What's the biggest mistake you almost made?
What is the one offensive thing a teacher told you that hurt your feelings?
What is an important lesson or piece of wisdom you can share about life?
I just turned 20. What are some good pieces of advice (school, life, romance etc.)?
What does it mean if somone has harmed a small animal on purpose as a child and now regrets it?
What has the most traumatic part of your life taught you?
What is that “one good thing” about you that you wish to see with everyone?
Do you think that telling your child that Santa is real is a good life lesson, in regards to not always trusting what authoritive figures tell you?
What was the one thing that made you finally drop your affection for someone?
How do I seem to always take the long road in life and always having to struggle? Why do some get such an easy life?
What is the one thing that you would do for free for your entire life?
Which is the best thing you can write to me which I can retain for my entire life?
What's that one small thing you've done as a kid that you really regret?
What is the greatest thing in life according to some people?
What are the best things about being a less fortunate?
What is the worst stage of life?
What is your best time/moment/thing ever in life?
Where can I go to learn to stop being a loser and learn basic life skills?
Was there any incident/accident in your life that turned your life uspide down or changed your worldview completely?
What did you learn too late in life?
What is some of the best life advice from yogic gurus?
Why is asking questions important for learning new things in life?
How can I balance issues regarding family, responsibilities, a job, dreams, etc.? What should I do now?
What's the one thing that haunt you often?
What was the happiest moment or day of your life? How did this moment or day impact you?
What is one thing a teacher taught (said/assigned to) you that changed you forever?
What is something you wish you had known when you were 20?
What is the best thing about being a lesbian?
To what extent would you consider life as important?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
What is a lesson you learnt from someone you really disliked?
Is there one event which can be described as the best and worst thing that ever happened to you?
What are 10 things you wish a high school version of you would have known?
What are some of the choices you've made that made you who you are?
What has been your most cringeworthy moment of your life?
What is the one thing you have done in your life which required a lot of self-control?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What is more important study or life-experience?
What is your ideal purpose in life?
Is there something you hate about yourself? If yes, then what? And why?
What do you want most out of life?
What are some important life lessons?
What are things that can make my life easier/more fulfilled: from girls, to time management to being my best self?
How badly does your life suck?
What mistakes did you make for the GSOC'17 which led to your rejection?
What happens if you practice respect for all life?
I'm graduating high school on Friday. What is one piece of advice you would give me?
Did the experience of space change something in astronauts forever?
What are the 5 most important things to think about when learning Russian?
Have Americans learned anything about cricket from Quora?
What is one thing you wish you had learned earlier in life?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's take on the horrors of the Holocaust? What lessons does the world need to learn from it?
Have you ever had any transformation in your life?
What is something you wished at the age of 10 years old?
What is something surprising you learned when you became a tenant?
What is one game that made you think on life?
In a deterministic life, what control do you have over life events?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
What’s something about business you wish you knew earlier?
Which amazing lessons have you learned from your Harvard MBA?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
Why is my life so difficult?
Have you ever heard anybody say the phrase that they have “done a 360° change” (or turn) in their life or on an issue?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments?
If the un-examined life is not worth living, as Socrates said, why do so many people persist in their comfortable ignorance?
How difficult is it to live life without a family?
How can you be the best in everything you do in life?
What is the most important thing you've ever forgotten?
What makes you realize what you want in life?
What is required to tackle trials and tribulations in life? Explain.
Did anyone regret a decision you have made in the past?
What was the worst thing that you did in your life?
What can we learn from Kejriwal's mistakes?
What do you regret from 2014?
Why do I think to be centered on one thing in a category?
If life is short, then when should things start?
What's the biggest mistake you ever made during an interview?
If you could return to some age of your life, what age would you like to be now?
What valuable lessons can be learned from the Bhagavad Gita?
What is something you wished you knew at the age of 15?
What's one thing you've always been afraid to say out loud?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What did you learn from your life in Infosys?
What is the real disaster in one's life?
Why don't I remember my lessons taught in class on which I don't concentrate though my sensory organs are working perfectly?
If you could make a throwaway life like a throwaway account, what would you do with this life?
Whats the worst thing that could ever happen to a unicorn?
What is the one thing that you will never forgive yourself for?
What's an investment that you wish you had made?
How would you react if a demon told you that you will have to live your life this very same way over and over again forever?
Does it require loads of money to live life to the fullest? If not, how?
Why is a smile the most important thing in life?
After doing a BBA, I have wasted three years. How can I get my life back on track?
What are the best advantages you can get in life?
What was the biggest confession you ever made to your parents?
What is the most important thing for Michael Fitzin’s life?
What is a life that isn’t worth living, and what should be done to change it?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What is the absolutely worst thing you have ever experienced?
What would be the lesson learnt from the Sri Lankan civil war?
What is a basic skill that you should have learnt when you were young but only learnt it recently?
Have you ever come across to a person randomly and he/she became the most important part of your life now?
If you had 24 hours left of your life and a magical rock that would grant whatever you wished (no one could use it after you died), what would you do?
What is the worst thing you said, then immediately regretted?
Is there a Quoran answer that changed your life?
What's the worst thing about hunting?
What are the habbits to make life interesting?
Why is it that it takes most of us so long to realize the one thing that holds us back in life more then anyone or anything else is ourselves?
What was the best piece of advice you ever received?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
What's more painful, death or living your whole life with regrets of not achieving the dream you earnestly wished for since birth?
What can I do to change my miserable life? How do I live better?
What's that one thing you wish you had done?
What is the best thing and the worst thing (if any) that has happened to you because of your name?
Have you ever taken any decision or have you ever done anything which you will regret forever?
What is that one thing that u would change in yourself?
What is the nicest thing an airplane pilot has ever done for you?
What is your biggest regret which still haunts you?
What do you regret of doing which you could have ignored?
What is life worth when you have no one to share it with?
What is most important to a person, their personal life or working life?
What's the best, most important piece of advice for someone about to start high school with a strong determination to be valedictorian?
Would you give a part of your life to someone else if you could do it in the future?
What is that one thing you did that changed your life?
What did your mum teach you growing up?
If you were a life coach, what is the best practical advice you could could give a socially akward person?
What are the 15 best things that one must experience in his/her life?
In the emotional area of your life, what is or has been the best feeling you've ever had?
What's the fastest thing ever?
Are successful people lonely people?
How do I live with regrets for not enjoying my teenage years? I am 20 now, soon 21.
What did you learn from your CA life and the problems you faced during your CA life?
What is the meaning of life and how to import your life?
What are the ways to code your life?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What myths teach lessons about communication, information and/or knowledge?
I have made a mistake at work. I have received a warning letter today. What should I do next?
What are some things we never knew we needed?
What are the 5 most important things for living today’s life?
What was the most disgusting thing you were subjected to?
Why do people regret when they'll never truly know the outcome of other decisions?
How can I get over my regrets when I was a teenager?
What is one thing that you can do to improve the country?
What are ways that Quora can ruin your life?
How would you summarize the grand strategy that drove your life and what lesson can you draw?
What is the guiltiest thing you've ever done that no one found out about?
Have you missed out on something big, only to be glad you did later on?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
What's a negative trait that you have?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
So Neharik, what is your biggest regret about this session?
How do you turn your life around after you screwed up big time?
What should you do when you realise that someone very important is gone from your life?
How can one start his or her life again?
What have been the events in your life which made you feel there is a law governing things around us?
What item that you bought recently did you find very useful and made you wish you had it before?
What's the best way to learn from your mistakes?
Do you think people who are completely unhappy in their life have meaning in their life?
What is the nicest thing a stranger ever did for you?
What action of yours will you regret forever?
What do you want the most in life? Answer in a single line.
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
Which dream taught you a lesson in your life?
What is one of the advice you would like to give to today's generation?
When did you first realise that you'd made it as a creative?
What difference truly makes a difference in life?
Who's the weirdest kid you’ve ever met?
How can this quote be understood, "The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows"?
The only negative thing in my life is my HIV status. What about you?
What was the sneakiest thing?
What lessons concerning the faithful man named Job can we learn and benefit from?
What is the best thing someone has taught you about relationships?
What did you learn from great personalities?
What story from your life will you take to your grave?
What is the turning point in an average person’s life and how should it be dealt with successfully?
What are 3 things you'll definitely achieve in your life?
What have your pets taught you about yourself?
You are now 90 years old. Looking back at your life and all that you’ve achieved and acquired: what matters to you?
How is ruthlessness important in life?
What kind of life do you want?
Is there somebody you wish you'd never judged before you knew them?
If you don't value your own life enough to carry a gun and protect yourself, why should you expect others to value this life you will not defend?
What should a person do in order to excel in every aspect of life?
Do small things in life matters?
What are the life-changing lessons that Baahubali the movie taught you?
Why has choosing to follow your intuition been the best thing you've done for your life?
Which book managed to change the point of view towards your life?
How do I stop getting bored of everything so easily?
What does success mean to you and what decides success in our life?
What lesson can be learned in studying engineering?
Would you ever repeat the biggest mistake you've done in your life?
What is one piece of knowledge you wished you knew when you were younger?
What is the standard of good lessons?
What were the biggest challenges you faced when you were a young adult and how did you overcome them?
Which celebrities do you wish you had never met or seen interviewed?
What mistake have I made?
What were the lessons learned and your subsequent change of behavior?
What is the most life-affirming statement you have personally heard from a person in failing health?
What's your best advice you've ever given or received?
What are some of the hardest-learned lessons for transgender people who transitioned 10+ years ago?
What do people regret the most, things they did or things they didn't?
What are some traditionally gender-specific life lessons that the other gender should learn too?
How do I prevent myself from making small mistakes in math problems?
What is the one thing that shattered you but made you stronger?
What’s the hardest decision you've ever made?
Which experience in your life has most impacted the way you look at God?
What is the best lesson a child had taught you?
What is the one thing that made you famous in high school?
Life teaches us harsh lessons every day. Are they worth it, as we are not going to be alive for centuries for those lessons to last?
What are the worst mistakes people make in job interviews?
What are some of the most memorable classic stories in English that you remember from high school, and what lessons did you learn from them?
How can you prevent yourself from making the same mistake twice?
What is that one thing you have vowed never to do?
What is the turning point of your life? And are you happy after that?
What is the most significant thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the purpose of revenge?
Will your life be misserable if you don't do things at the right age?
What is the most important lesson the Buddha taught?
There are so many horrible things in life, that not many people understand. What is your advice for me?
What is the #1 reason you are successful?
What is the best thing you've chosen in your life?
What are the things that never happens but you wish to happen?
What is the best use of life?
What is the riskiest thing you've done for someone else?
Can you summarise off-hand what you learned from Quora in the past week?
Who do you think has really influenced your life? Why & how?
Can you talk about the person who taught you about life?
What are the hardest lessons to learn about business that no one talks about?
Can we learn some lessons from the tolerant setup of Muhammad bin Qasim?
What changes in you makes your life good?
What is your advice for a depressed Christian young man having homosexual tendencies with more than a dozen other worries and troubles?
What have you learnt from the AFSB stay in Varanasi?
What have you learnt from your children?
If success comes with the price of happiness, should I go for it?
Should you do what you'd prefer to do or what you think needs to be done that others won't do?
Will men who make the same mistake twice in marriage ever realize the mistake and change?
What was the biggest mess up you've ever had in a competition?
What was the one thing you wished school would have taught you? What is the subject you found the least useful in your adult life so far?
Do you have to spend a very large amount of your time on something for it to be the most important thing in your life?
What is the one thing that changed your perspective on life?
Do you feel as if the world is getting worse?
Lagging in career while leading in life lessons. How far is it okay or better?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made, and what did you do to make it right?
What is something that you want to do but will most likely regret?
Which emperor or king made the worst mistake ever in world history?
How can you ruin someone else's life in one week?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve witnessed in school?
Do we learn more from finding out we have made mistakes or from our successful actions?
If this is the last day of your life, what are the three things you would do?
What are the top 10 lessons that a prostitute wants to give to women?
Can you explain your life as a YouTuber?
Is life worth living if you can't feel? I'm 26 and got diagnosed with schizophreniform last year.
What things in life are just not fair?
Is life to be thought about, or is it to be learned?
Did you have any regrets during highschool?
What was the most important decision you’ve made yet? How did you come to that decision?
In Italy, do public elementary and middle schools teach lessons in English, or are lessons only conducted in Italian?
How do I plan and prioritize d busiest time of life (read 30s),when you need to attend aspects like health, finance/career, family and your own dreams?
Why can't people learn from other people’s mistakes?
What are some valuable lessons from history that we can adopt in everyday life?
How has football improved/ruined your life?
How do you live after you have ruined everything in your life?
What is the one thing you should do once in your life?
What are your failures, and how have you learned from them?
What is the best thing one can do everyday throughout his life?
In a country where parents want their children to be doctors and engineers, how would you convince them that what matters in the end is happiness?
How do I be both successful and happy?
What was the last piece of advice that someone told you before they died?
What will you regret in life by not being yourself and not working hard enough (wasting your time, being satisfied with what you're doing)?
What’s one thing that’s happened to you that has made you a stronger person?
Whats the biggest mistake you made in your marriage?
How do I avoid having regrets?
What was the hardest thing for you to get over?
What is one thing about you that you know is wrong yet you don't want to change?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What’s one thing you remember about school?
What are the recent changes you brought in your life?
Will I ever regret of having only one child?
What is worse, regretting something you did or regretting something that you didn't do?
What has been the most important lesson that God has taught you?
Could you recall one instance that changed your life forever?
Which is the best "Life Changing quotes" on Building Your Character?
What is the best decision you have made in bed?
How can I be happy and positive everyday all the time?
Is hope a good thing or bad thing?
What is the sneakiest thing you did in school?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
What are some things you wish physicians would understand?
Is it bad when you can't find the one in life?
What is the best thing about being American?
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made with your hard earned money?
What is the most surprising thing you have gotten away with?
What was the biggest failure of your life? How did you cope with it and turn it into a huge success?
What was your biggest mistake in life? How did you overcome it?
What is the most overwhelming thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the most valuable life lesson or soft or hard skill that you have learned which has had a transformative effect on your daily life?
How can I get rid of negativity from my life?
What is one story or fable that changed your whole outlook on life?
What was the hardest thing you had to deal with when you were growing up?
What's the greatest life lesson you have learned?
What are the things that change your life for the better?
What is one life lesson you’ve learnt the hard way?
If I wore colored contacts my whole life, would I regret it in the end?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
How does math impact your life?
Did you skip classes when you were young? Do you regret it now?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
Why do they say "don't judge" and at the same time also say "think wisely"? What should one actually do?
If you could have one thing that would make your life better, what would it be?
What is the best way to live our life?
What has been the life expectancy across time from the first century till now?
How do I keep life simple and inexpensive?
What is the one thing you want to do in your life after which you can say, 'it was worth it to live'?
What is the most constant thing in life?
What did you do when you finally reached that point in your life when you knew your life must change but you didn't have the ability to do so?
What lessons have you learnt in life by observing your siblings?
Will we ever learn?
What is the best piece of advice a child has told you?
What is the most valuable thing that has been discovered in a refuse site?
What is the solution for the biggest mistake done in life?
What grammar lesson must one know/learn to pass the B1 German test?
Are old school good habits like early rising, self-dependence, timeliness, and not wasting food still relevant today with resources readily available?
What was the best time of your life, the time you wish you could relive?
Which are the most important lessons a man needs to learn when it comes to making, keeping and multiplicating money?
What events have been a turning point in your life?
How many of you agree that Neha has made a big mistake by choosing Shane in her gang and why?
How do I get successful in life after so many mistakes?
What is the most important lesson you have learned from your life?
"Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it." From that phrase, what lessons could America take from the past to improve the future?
What are the greatest life incidents of Swami Vivekananda?
If you could go back in time to 20 years ago and still had your memory and life experiences, how would you make your life better?
What is the most Jugadu thing you have ever seen/done?
What is the most profound moment of gratitude that you've ever experienced?
What does Quora do better than everyone else?
What is the most important thing in life and relationship?
What was the single most inspiring and beautiful moment of your life so far?
What is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to you?
Is life all about doing the right things?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you, but you wouldn't change because it taught you something?
What is the one thing that could happened today to make it even better?
How should we make a life changing decision?
Why is life so simple, yet so difficult?
What are the things that a person regrets before they die?
What is the most fucked up thing you've ever heard?
What is the most intelligent thing you recently done that amazed yourself?
In what way has life thrown something incredibly unpredictable at you? Has anything really unexpected ever happened that changed your life so much that you look back and wonder how, why?
What are some things I can do everyday to make my life more meaningful?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What is that one comeback story that you are proud of in your life?
If you ever got a time machine and you wanted to change something in your life, what it would be?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
Have you ever ruined or wasted anyone's life?
I’m 25 and confused. How were you like when you were 25?
What has been your biggest obstacles in life, fitness, and relationships?
Why do some people like to have an average life?
What are some of the worst things that you experienced in IT companies?
What are top things you wish you should have done in your 20-40s?
If I were to be you, what would I regret and cherish?
What lessons can be learnt from Twitter’s Vine?
What is one's biggest failure in life?
When will the motivation to live my life to the fullest come, will it ever?
Have you ever been in a situation where you regretted the thing you did, but later got good results from it?
"Living life without regrets" is a nice motto, but what shall one do when he/she faces a crossroad and each road is as much important?
What is one lesson you wish your parents taught you while you were still young?
What lessons have Baahubali franchise taught to Bollywood?
How do I explain, "Mom gave her life so you could live yours."? I don’t want to lay blame or to make him feel guilty. I want him to live his life to the fullest.
What is happening in your life?
Why do people keep mistaking there for their?
What are some of the most important things you learn in your English College course?
What did you do earlier in your life that you thought was cool, but later on realised that you shouldn't have done that?
What was the worst thing you've ever done and why did you do it?
What is the best piece of advice you have received for during exam time?
What is the thing that changed your life totally?
Do you think Indians don't accept their mistakes?
What types of lessons that you learn from past lives do you carry on to your next lives?
What is the most courageous thing you have done till now?
Besides the basic necessities of life, what is one thing you cannot live without?
What have you learned in Go that transferred to life out of the board?
What's the stupidest thing you've believed in the news?
What is the best piece of advice or quote you have received?
How do bus drivers handle bus fights?
At what moment in your life did you realize how precious time is?
Are you happy with your life? Is there any regret?
What was the best incident of your life that made you happy?
What are some lessons that a modern person could learn from reading "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
What mistakes have you made in your life after your 18th birthday that you wish you hadn't made?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
What are some pieces of advice to help a young married couple get ahead financially?
What are the ten most important things I should do daily to be a better person?
Is there anyway to change people mindset? Why because one IPS officer said some things said we expect we need to do social works?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
What do you learn from Islam?
Would you be interested in learning about how your imagination can help you create magical changes in your life?
What are the best 10 things you've ever purchased?
If you could say one thing to your past self, what would it be?
Who are some people who failed in engineering, but made it big in life?
What is the one thing that you regret doing to someone?
What is the most life changing experience you've had while traveling?
Is learning and working with ActionScript a mistake?
What event has left the most significant impression on you in your life?
What are some ways to do better in life?
Is it a mirage that being at the top of your field gives you both a feeling of success and happiness?
What is the worst misunderstanding that has happened with you that changed your life completely?
What are some mistakes React developers often make?
What is the most important lesson that you have learned from your failures and how has it changed your outlook towards life?
What countries/nations have made their way of life simple and inexpensive?
Is there any incident which you could remember throughout your life?
Did you ever regret immigrating to the US?
What are the things in life that you wish you had the courage to do?
What are some of the important things that should be managed in life, before time?
Why is the world so screwed up and what's the end game?
If you could give your younger self advice as you were entering university, what would it be?
What is the best life lesson you've learned from reading a book? What is the book?
What is the best movie moment of your life?
What are the things you wished an AI could do in a better way?
What is that one thing that you changed in yourself due to the circumstances and why?
Why do people commit the same mistakes?
If you are forced to look at one thing (and nothing else) for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What words of advice would you give to someone trying to find their life's calling?
What is the thing you want to do but you never do it?
What is the most horrible thing you have ever done, or the worst of humanity you have witnessed in real life?
What is conflict?
What is something that you regret doing or not doing?
What have you learnt from the aliens?
What made you realize that you are okay the way you are?
What is the most important thing that needs to be learned?
What is the hardest and most ambiguous moral choice you had to make in your life?
What do you wish you knew about the caregiving process for your relative?
What are some of the hardest life lessons you have learned that you want to tell children?
What is the one thing you have learnt from movies?
How do surgeons have the courage to continue working after they had screwed up someone's life?
What is one thing you've done on your job that made a corporate difference?
What is the biggest regret you have about buying a home?
Have you ever felt that your life changed after an event?
How can I find a list of all lessons learned from a young age to an old age?
What is the hardest lesson you learned through your years of negotiating?
Have you ever realized that you were fighting for the wrong cause?
When you look back as an adult, what do you regret from your youth?
Which was the worst mistake ever made by any emperor or a king in world history?
What is the best thing you have learnt from your husband?
What are some mistakes an army general can make?
What are the regrets that you have as a student?
What were the biggest regrets you had at age 30?
If you are living in a foreign country, what do you wish you had known before coming?
Which non-business book has taught you valuable business lessons?
What are some of the choices you've made that made you who you are?
What is the best book on motivating another person (brother) who has no real drive to succeed/achieve anything particular in life?
What life lessons does Omerta (Mario Puzo) teach us?
What is the most unreasonable thing you have been yelled at for?
When was the moment when you realized the worth of your parents?
You've been given one wish but you can only use it for someone other than yourself, so what's your wish?
What was the most shocking experience/event you had in your life?
How do I live with regret and lost potential?
Has a self-help product ever made a big difference in your life, or the life of anyone you know?
What is a beautiful moment in your life that you wouldn’t mind sharing with people?
Did the difficulties in your life change you for better or for worse?
What was the most shocking moment you had when you realised that you were not as good as you thought at something that you used to be good at?
Have you ruined your life?
What was that moment when you realised that you are changed?
What and how do you apply some learned skills/knowledge to real life?
What are the most important lessons learned so far?
What is the most important life lesson you've learned to date?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
What mistakes did you make for the GSOC'17 which led to your rejection?
How far have you come in your life?
What is something that you learnt in the most unconventional manner?
Objectively, what's the one most important secret to success in life?
Why is silence very important in life?
What makes life complete?
What are some mistakes you made in your early 20s that have had a negative impact on your adult life?
What are the lessons you learned by travelling?
How do you distinguish regret from shame?
What does it mean for god to be the most important thing in your life?
What is one thing you could do today to improve your marriage?
What's a bad thing you learnt today?
What are some things that people have learnt too late in life?
What day changed your life forever?
What secret are you keeping that is ruining your life?
If you had the option to repair some mistake that you've made at some point in your life, which would be, and what would be the reason?
What is one thing you wished you had achieved/learned but never have?
What are some life lessons you've learned after being six months unemployed?
What kind of regrets do teachers have?
Outside of self-enlightenment or the exercise of knowing oneself, what are the two most important things to be conscious of?
Is there any instances that you regret for not confessing what you exactly feel about people around you before leaving school?
What do you regret from 2014?
What are the most useful things to know how to cook?
Does Rohan Jain have any regret in his life?
What did you learn today that you'll remember for the rest of your life?
What was a real life experience that changed you permanently?
How can I prevent life mistakes?
If you could grow only one thing, and it was the only thing you could have for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the one thing you'd like to change in your past?
What is the biggest sacrifice you have made in your life?
Why don't we ever come across any self made failure stories?
What's the biggest mistake that Apple made since 2011?
When is a time you got exactly what you wanted but the following events made you wish you hadn't?
What was the one thing you did that ruined your whole life?
Do you regret not doing something in your twenties?
How do you feel in school?
How do we learn to develop patience in our life?
What is the best piece of advice you would give your child?
What is the greatest lesson you have learned in your life?
Have your parents ever done anything mean to you to teach you a lesson?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
What is the biggest lesson you learned from world history?
What are some of the best lessons humans can learn from nature and apply in daily lives?
At what moment in your life did you realize you were smarter than your parents?
Has anyone ruined your life?
Does success mean money? How do we know that we are taking the right steps to be successful?
What's that one thing you wish you had done?
What’s the best thing about being a girl?
What are your 5 mistakes in life which taught you invaluable lesson/wisdom?
How can one change their nature from being a person who shares most things to being a mysterious person?
What are some mistakes that people make during their gap years that they later regret?
Would you rather have a good life ahead of you, or a good life behind you?
What's the biggest failure you've made a comeback from?
You are about to die. What would be one thing that you would regret not having done yet?
If there comes a moment where you have to save a stranger's life but it may cost your own life, would you do it?
What are the ways to change my life?
How can I stop being offended by everything?
What is something you learned very early in life, but understood much later?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
What's one weird thing a kid said to you?
What was one hard hitting moment in your life?
I had a crush on a girl in my class, and we made eye contact many times. I asked her out, but she said no. Why?
Has someone with a profound disability taught you a lesson or positively affected your life?
What are the most useful things you can do with $1000?
What is the worst thing you've done and regretted?
What is an important thing you have lost?
What event in your life moulded you into who you are today?
I keep making the same mistakes again with people in my life. I am pushing people away. How can I stop?
What did you, as a parent, learn from your kid?
How would you summarize the grand strategy that drove your life and what lesson can you draw?
Old people: What will you regret the most before dying?
If you changed an important event, how would it impact life today?
What are some universal laws that everyone should know about?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
Which kind of life do you prefer, a challenging one or a stable one?
What is one thing that most people do that you don't?
What is the thing that you want to answer today?
What is the stupidest mistake you’ve ever made?
Which situation completely changed your life?
Have you used the Getting Things Done methodology? If so, what were your lessons learned?
What is the worst thing you've ever done or been done to you?
What lessons did you learn after giving the NEET 2017?
What is the most Punekar thing you have seen someone do?
Can we use our life fully by learning from old people and have no regrets during our old age? How?
Which is the most important rule one should follow in life?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your Kickstarter campaign?
I have been a failure till graduation. Can I do something in life?
What should you not do to succeed in life?
What are some of the best lessons you've learned as you founded your company?
Which one thing is most important to obtain success in any field you want?
What is the most difficult situation you have gone through?
If you will have the chance to contemplate your life when you are about to die, what do you think will be your biggest regret?
What is the best way to find out who I am, when trying to live life?
What is one thing you are a hypocrite about?
Why are there so many mistakes made by doctors nowadays?
According to you, who is living an amazing life and why?
If there was one thing that you wish the people around you knew about epilepsy that would make your life better, what would it be?
What is the most painful moment of your life that no one knows?
Which is better, to slowly figure out what you want or jump into something you're unsure about?
What can you do right this moment to make a change?
What is the point of animal life, and from this, what is the point of human life?
What are the best things that Bhutan can teach rest of the world?
Are childhood friends one of the most important things for your adult life?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell a new investor?
What is the thing (or things) you think Microsoft should learn from Google?
At this point in my life, why does it feel like a life lesson I'm being taught is that if you are loving, you will be treated poorly?
How has winning the lotto ruined the winner's life?
What's the best thing I can build with things bought from Poundland?
Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters?
What is the most disruptive thing that ever happened within your supply chain?
Have you ever ruined someone's life to such extent that they have gone insane to retaliation?
What will you regret if you die today?
What’s the best way to enjoy life in Hosur?
Where can I learn about how to apply what I know to enhance my life?
Is it good for us to make mistakes in our life?
What are some good assumptions to go ahead with your life?
What life lessons can we learn from the Vedas?
Is it a common occurrence for people to pursue graduate studies in a field if they only have some idea of an area of focus? Is it a mistake?
What's the saddest thing someone told you before dying?
What was the best moment of your life, where you would like to pause it forever?
What are some financial mistakes you wish you would have avoided?
What is the worst thing you did in high school?
Are you proud of the life you are living?
At what point did you realize you'd had enough?
How much of an impact has school had on your life as of now?
What is the worst thing you have witnessed happening to a teacher?
How do I stop quitting all of my activities?
How is a new lesson reviewed in Unacademy? What are the things they notice most in one's lessons or PPT?
What is the most important tangible thing in your life?
How can I make my 11-year-old younger sister understand that time is the most valuable thing in life?
What's the worst thing to go through a year into a relationship?
What is the trick to successfully changing my life?
What is something that you regret not doing in your life?
What’s your most regretted purchase (not necessarily expensive)?
What is the hardest thing you've done that you never thought you could?
What words have impacted your life the most?
What's the most useless lifehack you know?
What are the biggest mistakes of a persons life?
Why is life so stupid?
What is the toughest decision you have ever had to make?
How do I put a mistake that I made a few years ago to rest? There will never be any closure for what I did. I need to accept what I did.
What is your worst screw-up to date?
What do I do, when I repeat mistakes unintentionally and hurt people?
I regret not going to the ceremony. How shall I overcome this regression?
What secret could ruin your life?
If you had the choice of living someone else's life for day, who would you swap with, and why?
What are the real life lessons we learn from the story of Karna in Mahabharata?
If you could choose to live your life again from any age you wished, retaining your memory, would you and what age would you choose?
What were some radical changes in your life that totally changed the way you looked at it?
What is worth-respecting in everybody's life?
Can someone really redo their life at 34 in all aspects of life?
What lessons have you learned from your twin flame?
What's one sacrifice you never told your kids?
What is most complicated thing in your life?
What has been the most surreal moment in your life so far?
What is the worst thing about being a project manager?
What is the one mistake in your life that you've done that you don't want others to commit?
How has life changed after being famous because of the amazing dancing video?
How do I become wiser in life, and how do I accept things that are out of my control?
What have you learnt from engineering?
What kind of the experience that you regret having not met earlier and want to share with young people?
What is the best method you've learned to learn from mistakes?
What was the hardest thing to do when filming?
What is the one thing that you always wanted to tell your sister?
What are the things that toppers miss in their life?
What is something that other people might have regrets about but you don't have regrets about?
What are the most surprising lessons parents learn from the first few months of parenting?
What is the best thing I can do as a 20-year-old?
When did you realize you're successful?
How should I deal with an arrogant father of the groom?
What is that one thing you always do, but never told anyone?
What's the nicest thing your friend has ever done for you?
How do I accept failure, learn from it and move on with life from there?
What changes happened in your life after visiting Tirupathi Balaji?
What are philosophies everyone should learn from, even questionable ones?
At this moment of your life, what is that something (materialistic/non-materialistic) you want to have?
What is a thing that you have done in the past and you truly regret now?
What is one piece of advice you would give to the younger generation?
What are the best methods for learning from your mistakes in thinking?
Can you give me one advice that could change my life?
Which was the greatest moment in your life?
What is the most interesting thing you learned from photography?
What was the lowest point of your life and how did you get out of it?
Does competition ruin or make students’ lives?
At what moment in your life did you realize who you are?
Which philosopher’s work is the most life-changing to read?
Why do we educate if there's no impact on life?
Are there things that should remain secret?
If you have been chasing something with all that you could, the most cherished thing of your life, and still haven’t gotten it, is that destined to be or not?
What point in your life made you feel the most insignificant?
What are the causes of small and big tragedies of life?
What's your big mistake in your business life?
When there is no hope in life, and everything becomes meaningless, what is the one thing that can restore one’s faith in life?
What is worse, regretting what you said or what you didn't say?
What has made you suffer the most?
What is the most random and exciting thing you have done till now?
What are the things you wish to do now?
Why is Islam so screwed up?
Regarding wikitribune, what lessons can be learned from editorial struggles at Wikipedia, such as in interpreting conflicting information?
Is it true that we can either be a leader or a follower but nothing in between?
What do you regret doing in your life?
What are some undeniable facts about life?
How large and connected is your professional network? What lessons have you learned through “networking”?
What decision did you make, when you reached a crossroads in your life?
What are the 3 most incredible things that life gives us?
What are some things you love about yourself?
What was the toughest moment/phase in your life? How did you handle it? Do you think you handled it well?
What is that one thing you have never done but wanna do once in your life?
How can you best absorb the advice given by the school of life?
What are the things you learned that were the hardest?
What is the one thing you regret saying to someone?
What is the best advice you would offer someone who is approaching 30?
Why does it take 50, 60, or 70 years to learn from experiences, learn the purpose of life, or regret our mistakes?
Have you ever had a 'dumb moment' in your life? What is it?
What have you learnt or came to awareness in life that you find it to be the most amazing experience?
Are there people addicted to their emotions? For example, people who believe that their emotions are what makes life interesting. Are there other things that give life a purpose?
Why are hard-working people never satisfied with their lives?
What's the worst advice you could ever give someone?
How do I cope with having had so many awkward moments in my life?
If one wrong mistake you have made in the past could determine your fate in life, what could have possibly happened to you?
What is a very minor thing that changed your life for the better?
When we make mistakes, we often come up with self-justifications instead of admitting the mistakes to ourselves. Why?
What are the lessons that can be learned from the films targeting young women?
Does humanity collectively learn from its mistakes? Are we doomed to eternal recurrence?
What are some of the things you are afraid you won't be able to do before you die?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
What important life lessons would you teach your children?
Should I live a just life?
What are the things in life which are worth suffering for?
How has learning not to expect anything from life made you happy?
What is the most precious lesson that you learnt from a person of opposite sex?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
Why is it important to learn our own life lessons? What happens if we continue to run away from them?
What're the important things in your life?
What tips would you give your younger self about talking to girls?
What would be the important things in Startup Life?
Why is it so hard for some people to look in the mirror take responsibility their actions, while others can admit their mistakes and faults to grow?
Have you ever done anything you have regretted?
Is it possible to mess up from one careless mistake?
What is one thing you learned from your martial arts instructor that you consider priceless?
What is the most painful thing about traveling for you?
What are some of the most surprising things that have arisen from the internet culture going mainstream?
Quoran, what's the story behind the worst thing you've ever done?
What makes life worth living?
What is the stupidest thing that you bought, which appeared right at the time?
What are some things you wish you knew before becoming a freelancer?
What's the worst thing about Indian society?
What is the craziest thing a client has ever done a healthcare worker?
What lessons have you learned in your early 20s?
What will happen if your career decision goes wrong, and how do you overcome the regret when that happens?
Is it wrong to want to be someone else?
What lessons can the UK learn from the USA's experience with white flight?
What are some things you want in your life?
What life lessons would you want your son or daughter to know if you died?
What is it like to lose employment and go back to staying with your parents?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are the best things you want to do once in your life?
How do I think big and make big accomplishments in life?
From where can I learn GD&T?
What is the most important lesson sailing taught you?
How does one live life in their own way?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned in your student life?
What was the one thing you wished grade school would have taught you? And did school ever cater to your type of learning?
What's the most important lesson life taught you the hard way?
What is the one thing you wish someone had taught you earlier in your supply chain career?
What is the one thing you regret having not asked your spouse before marriage?
What books have allowed you to see life completely differently?
How can I fix myself, i.e. how can I still live life to the fullest when I've made bad decisions on dumb assumptions in the past, and acted on them?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
What's some advice you wish you had gotten when you developed your first investment algorithms?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
Can you recall a moment you wished you had photographed or videotaped?
What was the one incident which made you realize that the person you cared for the most (friends) did not deserve your attention?
What never gets easier in life?
What are some of the best things that you have learnt from your favourite TV serial/movie character?
What is the valuable thing to have in life?
What are some life changing stories of great people?
What has happened to you or someone you know which is a good example of a blessing in disguise?
What was your hardest moment in school?
What does it take to be an adult? What are the things you wish you would've known before becoming one?
What are some of the most important things you thought of when you were founding your company?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you and doesn't even know it?
Why do people fail to understand the importance of life and give up due to failure?
What are Buddha’s lessons for life?
What is a random incident that happened with you in your life?
Have you ever regretted being wealthy?
What are life lessons, or morals you can learn from Forrest Gump?
How could I get rid of this messed up life?
What did you expect from the person who is very special in your life?
What do you still deeply fear doing no matter how many times you've repeated it in the past?
How can I live free life experiences all over the world?
What should I do when I realize I can't accept the change?
What is the craziest thing you have done in an exam hall?
How do I stop doing things that I regret after doing?
Have you managed to turn your life around and save yourself from rock bottom?
After I left my job I realized what I have been doing wrong. I also realized that leaving was the biggest mistake I have made. What should I do now?
What should I learn when facing bad time that can be helpful for my life?
How much do you think is it important to have a life coach or a mentor?
What is the most insane thing you've learnt at school?
When was a time that you realized you had advanced greatly at something?
What is the most meaningful coincidence that has occurred in your life so far?
What is the first step to take when getting your life back on track?
How have you used thought to manifest things in your life?
What is the worst social mistake possible?
What do you think you will have done with your life by the time you're thirty?
What is something you wish you had?
What are the lessons learned from past earthquakes?
What are the worst things about life as a medical student?
What is the hardest thing in Buddhism?
If you could do over any part of your life, which would it be, and why?
For harmonic oscillator potential, in the classical case, we say that a particle can never go beyond turning points because the velocity beyond the turning points is negative and makes no sense. What is its significance in quantum?
What's one thing you would change about your high school experience?
Which is the one sentence that changed your view about life?
What's one thing you've done that you'd like to erase?
What is the most problematic thing in life?
What is the most surprisingly cool thing your parents did?
Why are physcians regretting their career?
When someone with true NPD is old, do they look back and realize the mistakes they made in life?
What one item from your past do you wish you had kept and not thrown away?
What’s the thing you most regret not doing in your life?
How do I to stay dedicated on one thing for years?
Does early speaking lead to fossilized mistakes?
I can't hold on any longer, every moment of my life is a torture. What can I do?
What have you derived from your life so far or life in general?
Any skills that a teenager can learn that will get them some good bucks and lessons in life (experience)?
What do you regret most that you wish you had done during your IIT preparation?
What are the 2 things that only your parents can give and no one else?
What is the smartest piece of advice you have ever gotten from your child?
What's the one thing you wish you would have known about living in London?
What are the three most awkward mistakes of your life?
Are friends with benefits lessons of our life?
What is the importance of friends in one's life?
What are the most important lessons you've learned about business and tech throughout Wikipedia's history?
What is best thing you have for others until now?
Can this person teach the Trump Administration a lesson?
What's the unusual thing that ever happened in your comment section?
What is the most important lesson you've learnt so far?
What’s it like when you realized that you don’t speak like your were taught in school?
What kinds of things are there just one of, in all the world?
Is there any person in your life about whom you think that he/she has spoiled some part of your life?
Do you think people will ever learn from the mistakes of the past?
What life lessons have you learnt from driving?
How make my life simple from hectic?
How can I learn to be strong again without needing any needs met in return?
What is everything in life?
How does one optimize for a life where one never lets anyone down?
How can we design a program, using which we can intellectually grow 20%-30% annually, especially in the age of twenties?
My life is terrible, nothing is going my way. Why is my life suddenly turning bad and what can I do to stop it?
What do you expect to get out of your place of worship today, encouragement, a meal, a life lesson?
Have you come to know that you are wasting your life?
What was it like for husband’s watching their wives go into labour? Can they describe the experience and what they learned about their wives and themselves?
Have you lost something that was important in your life, and then later on realised that it was not really important?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
What is the best you learnt from the internet for free? How did it change your life?
Who/what was your inspiration as a child? What did you want to do with your life? How has that changed as you've gotten older?
What is the nicest thing your boss/superior has done for you?
How important is it to experience failures in order to become ultimately successful?
Where is the best place to learn SQL 2016 via short lessons and drills?
Is life better when you're 18 and over?
What are the things that you have done, but can't accept that you had done that?
What have you learnt from the book "Dream With Your Eyes Open"?
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What must I do in life?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you and you deserved?
What is the greatest thing that your pet has taught you?
What were some of the most useless policies ever?
What life lessons can I learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What's one recent thing you've done that's worth writing down here?
What are the biggest mistake in India?
How can music change the life of a person?
Why do I experience failure in everything?
I know I am not living my life to the fullest because of my insecurities w/ my body, but can't bring myself to workout due to laziness. What can I do?
Why do I feel that the best thing that ever happened to me in my entire life is going to work?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
What's the worst thing you have done to someone you care about?
How can we know what to do in our life?
How has a PhD been the best decision you’ve made?
Do you regret your love, and why?
In regards to Islam, do you agree "a busy life makes prayer harder, but prayer makes a busy life easier"?
What's the most important lesson you learned in the past five years?
What did you understand after meditation?
What should you do if you had a screwed up life and it isn't getting any better?
How can we live a useful life?
What is the best thing you've ever learned from YouTube?
What are the things that people realise too late?
Do you easily accept your mistakes or no?
If we realize our mistake , is punishment necessary?
What are the small things that make a huge difference in our life?
What are some tricks that you have learnt accidentally?
What were the best things/blessings you received from life?
What is/was the worst day of your life?
If you could change one thing about your closet, what would it be?
How do I make my life easy when a lot of problems are going on because of some past mistakes?
What is some useful knowledge that snake keepers wish they had known when they were beginners?
What is the cost of one mistake?
Have you ever done an action or made a decision which made you happy but negatively affected someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally)?
What is that one thing that you believe is true and nobody agrees upon?
Why are there a lot of things that I don't understand in life?
What are some business tactics which are learnt only by experience?
How many times can a person be forgiven for making the same mistake?
What things should I consider if I wish to start vlogging?
How do I overcome bad experience in life?
What is something new you learned about yourself recently?
What is the best life advice you have ever got?
When was the moment you realize that accounting is right for your future?
I'm looking to create 'real-life safety tips' for different sectors. Do you have a story around a scary situation faced at work? What are the lessons learnt?
What would a trans person say was the most important thing that they learned during their transition?
What life lessons can one learn from Vinod Khanna?
What is one piece of advice regarding studies you'd like to give me?
What was the most not wasted life in all history?
How can we develop strong moral values?
What is a small mistake you made that you remember to this day?
What was that moment when you felt proud?
What hiring mistakes arise, and how do you fix them?
Is my life's worth measured in marks?
Have you ever said something to your mother that you regret?
What should I start doing in my 20 so that I have nothing to regret at 40?
What's the saddest thing you've overheard?
What is the importance of safety in Physical Education lessons? What do you do when a student gets injured during a lesson?
What are the things we must give up to be successful in life?
Have you ever had a "why did I do this" moment?
Do you have any regrets to tell?
How do I recover from a bad experience in life?
What is the most illegal thing you have done in your life?
What are the book(s) that you wish you had read when you were 17?
Have you ever gotten a rude awakening about yourself that humbled or humiliated you?
Do you regret buying a coupe car?
What is some advice about life that you'd like to share?
What is that you avoid the most in life?
What are the greatest regret when last breath comes?
What is the worst thing you have done when you were religious?
What has a hamster or pet rodent taught you about life?
What are some of the happy moments in an average lifespan that make life worth living as a human being?
How do I teach a bad driver/rider a good lesson so that they realize the importance of public safety?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What are the best things to download from you tube?
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
How would your life change if you never saw your own face?
What should I do to be a strong-willed person who can manage his life perfectly and never fail?
What is some advice learned over a career that can help juniors?
What is that one thing you were so scared to do, but did it anyway for good?
What was the most frustrating thing that ever happened to you?
If you could go back to 19, what would you tell yourself?
What has your last relationship taught you?
What is the most useful advice anyone ever gave you?
What is the most humiliating thing anyone has ever made you do?
What was an instance in your life where you realized that words have consequences?
Should I still regret for failing JEE even after a year? What if I had all the choices through my life and had made every decision bad?
Do the little things matter?
What are the mistakes Ravana made, other than kidnapping Sita?
What quote/s from a person has/have made a great change in your life, and how?
What good things can you keep in your mind to live a life?
What's the most important thing in a relationship, so that it will last for ages?
What is the saddest part of your life you never told anyone?
What are your top 10 rules of life?
What's the importance of smartphones in our life?
Are physicians able to appreciate life more than others?
What is your biggest ambition that you could ever think of?
What are the interesting things to do in life?
What do we want to learn from life?
What​ is that one small thing that makes your life "worth it?"
What is something you wish existed earlier?
What are some things you can do in high school to help you later on in life?
What are some tips for NEET UG 2017 that you wish you had known earlier?
What do you do when you have to make a hard decision that can change your life?
What are some tough things no one wants to hear but may need to?
What do you consider the most important part of physics that you've learned so far?
Which thing is mostly imported in Assam?
Is admitting mistakes and misjudgements something that a polician should or should not do?
What life changing realization have you come to from traveling?
Is there anyone whose only dream was to become a doctor but failed? How did you bring your life back on the track?
What is the most insane thing that you've done to your teacher?
What should one never do in one's life?
What are the most difficult decisions in life?
What are the life lessons you learned and would like to share from IITB and IIMA?
What is the craziest thing someone could possibly do?
How do I do something big in life?
Which incident in your life embarrased you the most?
How has your life changed since the first time you used Quora?
Given that there is no life after death does this make life more meaningful or less?
How old are you? What do you think you learnt a little late in life?
Why have I developed internal hatred towards women in general?
What have bankers learnt from demonetisation?
How can one know what constitutes the true calling of his/her life?
What was the most spectacular thing you have seen with your friends?
What is one thing you want to do but probably won't?
What is your ultimate pleasure in life that you know will never happen or you don't want to happen?
I almost passed out from stress because of a lesson my teacher did. Is that considered too far for a lesson?
What has been your biggest mistake ever?
What is the most life-changing event in your life?
Did I make a mistake by quiting my job​? I left my job yesterday & instantly realized that I made a mistake.
How do you go back to being your younger self?
Which motivational story changed your life?
What is the most BS thing happening in India?
Which is the best and never forgettable moment in your life?
How has social validation ruined your life?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
How do you attach such less importance to wealth in your life?
Has anybody's life been ruined by masturbation?
What are the most important things that Islam has taught you about life?
How do I learn and understand thing perfectly by theoretical and practical?
How can I hold myself to a standard of excellence in every aspect of my life?
Do you ever regret being a father?
What is the one thing in life that is very important, but that we ignore the most?
Why do we have to lose something in life in order to get something?
What would be a thing which you would like to change about yourself if given a chance?
What was something that someone said or did that has changed you forever?
What is the one thing that you wish was thought in your school apart from academics?
When someone is trying to get their life back, what is the most important piece of advice you would give?
Is being happy the most important thing in life? If it is, why do I find it meaningless? Is that all that life can offer?
What are 10 things that you should definitely do before turning 30?
What are the top three things that a person should value in life?
What are the mistakes people make when trying to understand everything?
What is the single most important thing for taking your life to the next level?
What should one do if at the age of 50 you realise life has been a complete waste and you have been a complete failure?
Are you happy with your life? Are you doing what you always wanted to? As a child, did you dream of a similar lifestyle or a different one?
If you are given a chance to change one thing in your life, what will you choose to change?
What is the nastiest thing you've ever seen while traveling?
What is that thing that you realised recently you were doing wrong all your life?
What are the most important lessons you learned from the military?
Which on earth is the truth, we can succeed in life only by learning from success stories or only by learning from failure stories?
What is the best thing you came across today?
What's your one piece of advice you want to impart to the world?
Are there any webpages like Udemy which teach statistics lessons?
What was the most unforgettable customer experience you've had that changed your perception of life?
What is the most saddest situation in your life?
Does everyone have problems in life at every moment?
Is graduation a must if you want to succeed in your career or in life?
What's one job you would never want to do?
What is the most interesting, unexpected thing that has ever happened to you at work?
Any incident in your life where you applied presence of mind and it worked?
Do you ever wish that you would stop contemplating so much about life and be more productive to the world?
What is the best advice you got from your customers?
What do you want to do with your life?
What would be the life lessons learned at an all-girl private school/college?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you in a relationship?
What are the best things to do with the love of your life?
What's the most unfortunate thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the biggest mistake you made in electric circuiting in your laboratory or projects?
What do you wish you could tell someone, and who do you wish you could tell?
What is the best thing according to you about being a part of Quora?
Have you ever felt that one decision has completely changed your life?
How does Awdhesh Singh handle criticism in his life?
What are some pieces of advice on choosing IBDP subjects?
I made some really big mistakes unintentionally and I can't enjoy life anymore. How can I move on?
What is your life's rule?
What is the most underestimated thing in life?
Why is it so hard to learn from others' mistakes?
What thing do you regret the most from your high school years?
What are the biggest mistakes that doctors and nurses have made in their line of work?
What is important and essential things for living a life?
Why don't most Christians regard religion as an important thing in life?
What are some of the most powerful context framing questions or models that have affected real change for you in any avenue of life?
What lessons did you learn the day you left your college?
What makes a person make the same mistakes over and over again?
What is the best way to complete the journey of life?
How do you feel about your life so far?
What life lessons did you learn from the recent Jakarta election result?
What is the experience of going on a self date like?
Should we have compassion toward people who make one mistake over and over again?
Can one dollar change your life for the better?
What lessons should one learn in the 20s to lead a financially successful life?
How have you handled your toughest days in life so far?
What advice did someone give you to improve the quality of your life?
Has anyone tried suicide and failed but then learned a great lesson from it?
What was the most violent thing you have ever seen?
How do you deal with/handle a partner who keeps reminding you of your past mistakes in a marriage relationship, despite having changed your ways for the better after realizing the mistakes you made?
Do people really like the ones who do/try more but may make many small mistakes than the ones who always follow the rules and never make mistakes?
What are good things that I should know about life/friendship that will get me far in life?
How did I allow everyone to ruin my life?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
Can a person change anyone’s life forever?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Do US universities have lesson-like classes for undergraduates? I.e. not just lectures and tutorials, but actual lessons like in school?
What are the things that you learnt from your professional life?
What is the biggest burden of our life?
Teachers: What is the worst lesson you've ever taught?
When you were a kid (ages 8-12) did you ever get into a fight? What was it like? Did it hurt? What lessons did you learn from them?
What would the best version of yourself look like?
What's one mistake you feel you made as a parent?
What are some great and important lessons that you have learnt from a book?
What is the best thing you’ve experienced in Coimbatore?
What are the mistakes we often make on resumes?
If you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger self to do when you were a kid? And why would you tell your younger self to do this?
Do people learn from their mistakes or do they keep making the same ones?
Why are all of my friends so selfish that they forget about me, when they have new people in their lives, or when their lives get better?
What is a piece of advice you would give to a college sophomore?
What is the most unfortunate event that ever occured in your life?
What are the mistakes you make as an engineer after getting an education, and how do you avoid them?
How can I top in my life?
What is the biggest mistake you made that no one ever noticed?
What are some real life lessons Code Geass teaches us?
What mistake from the past have you learned never to repeat again?
What lessons should be learned from Dear Zindagi (2016 movie)?
What should people learn in their life at least once even if it’s painful?
What is the one thing that you have learnt while traveling & that has helped you in your business?
What is it like to fail and rise up in life?
What is the most valuable thing in the IT field that is worth learning and will not become obsolete (and can be "sold")?
What is the most important lesson you learned from your ex-love?
What's the most important thing you've learned in growing a business that you wish you knew sooner (something that you won't learn in school)?
What is the one thing I need to do to change my perspective in life?
What is the most reckless decision you've made that had a good outcome?
I feel I have so many regrets in my life. What should I do to forget those regrets and improve my present life?
What events in your life made you less trusting of others?
What is the best business advice you've ever received or given?
What do you wish you had the time and money to try?
What are the things or behaviors young siblings learn late in life?
What are things one should do before 20?
What is the most immoral thing you ever done your whole life?
What is the best lesson learned from your special needs' child?
What are some hard lessons that you learned that you would tell your younger self to avoid doing?
When dealing with contractors, who pays for their mistakes?
Why do people exaggerate things about their life and boast them? When do they realize being real is more important?
How can I change my life around and attract greater things?
Why should I not shout at and abuse the people who irritate me?
What are the most powerful life lesson you learn from Jackie Robinson?
Why do people think they have right to regret on something they decided?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in high school?
How did you spectacularly mess up your life and how did you recover from it?
What was the most powerful experience of your life?
What are the things we need to do to make our lives better?
How beautiful is your life?
How do I have no regrets in the future?
What is the stupidest thing you've done during your childhood?
Why do intelligent people have fewer or no friends?
What is life worth living for?
What would you most like to change in your life?
What is the one thing in life that you value the most?
What have you learnt about yourself from being in love?
What is that one thing you wish to change in your life?
Did you ever get in a fight when you were a preteen kid between the ages of 8 and 12? Did you learn a lesson from fighting? What did it feel like? Did it hurt?
What mistakes have you learnt from your first home, apartment, or plot purchase?
Why is it important to learn from the best?
What's the most gross thing you've ever seen?
Is it normal to regret not doing the JEE, when I had the chance to do it?
What is worst step of your life?
Are there any examples of crackpot physicists who later realised their flawed thinking?
What should one do if they have no more interest in life at the age of 24 years old?
Why do we remember some special moments of our lives?
Do some people get old & wish they had done something else with their life?
What life, philosophical and ethical lessons can we learn from the TV show "Vikings"?
How do I get over something that I deeply regret?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in college?
What is one thing that you wish people understood about you?
What ​is the most innovative thing you've done to get a random friend to talk or chat at some boring place like the airport?
What is the one thing you do and most people don't?
What's one piece of business advice you wish you had gotten when you first started your lab?
What's the smartest thing you've ever seen someone do?
What's the most naive/misguided business decision you have ever made?
Why did Lena Dunham ruin Hannah’s life?
What one thing do you want to undo from your life?
How do I get over regrets and live in the moment?
What should one do if they realize that the mistake one made can never be rectified?
What is the best karmic lesson you have learned?
Have you ever regretted asking someone for help?
Why are we taught useless things in school instead of things that will actually help us and are important?
What is by far the best thing to ever happen to you?
What does Daniel Craig teach us?
What is the best lesson you have learned in your life yourself?
Do you regret your college decision?
What was your best school lesson?
What is the most stupid thing you have done to cover-up something?
What is the most negative force you have ever experienced?
What are some good habits for a person who is happy?
Do you think many people in their waning years regret or worry that their life may not have mattered in the greater scheme of things?
How do I get over a huge mistake I have made in the past?
What are the simple rule of life to be successful?
What is the best thing to do in life for your parents?
Which moment in your life will you never forget?
My roommate is wasting huge amount of water everyday. How should I teach him a lesson?
Are there people who have never ever made mistakes in their lives?
What is a valuable advice given to someone by you?
If I'm content with what I have, will I ever make it big in life?
Other than car keys, what are the most valuable things that criminals can steal from a typical family home?
What is the nicest thing an airplane pilot has ever done for you?
What is something you wish you had done in high school?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
When did you first realise that you'd made it as a creative?
Why is John Proctor from The Crucible an authentic rebel? What lessons can we learn from him?
What's the limit we should go to teach our grown up son a lesson?
What are the main ideas and lessons in The Archbishop Candlesticks play?
What is the biggest life lesson you have ever taught to someone?
What is the advice that changed your life`s perspective?
If the un-examined life is not worth living, as Socrates said, why do so many people persist in their comfortable ignorance?
What is very important in life?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
Are the best things in life free? Yes or no?
How can you be the best in everything you do in life?
What do you want the most in life? Answer in a single line.
What are the most over rated pleasures in life?
What is the most difficult/harsh time you've been through but made it at the end?
What would be the lesson learnt from the Sri Lankan civil war?
How difficult is it to live life without a family?
What did you do when you realized that you have made greatest mistake of your life?
So Neharik, what is your biggest regret about this session?
How do we find good when things get bad in life?
What things force people to be successful in life?
What are things that can make my life easier/more fulfilled: from girls, to time management to being my best self?
What is the best thing you have ever done as a teacher?
What is REGRET/TQWL?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
Will focusing on things of little importance cause one to be of little importance?
What has been the hardest phase of your life?
What is the most philosophical thing that someone has ever told you?
What are some dark facts about life?
The only negative thing in my life is my HIV status. What about you?
How did eCommerce change your life?
How do you pick yourself up after a sequence of failures?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
What is the most important aspect of life?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
What's your worst investment decision you still regret?
What should I do to change my life for the better?
What was the biggest confession you ever made to your parents?
What is an important event that has significance to your life?
What is the hardest thing to answer?
What is one game that made you think on life?
What is the one thing men are struggling most with in their lives?
What are some interesting examples of life timelines or life maps?
Do you regret having done a lot of partying?
What is the most useful and clever life hack that you have learned and practiced?
What could be the most random thing you have seen on the internet?
What are some overrated life lessons?
If life had an analytics dashboard, what is one statistic that you'd like to see about your life?
How can I utilize every moment of life?
What life lessons have you learnt after coming to Bhubaneswar?
What is the most interesting thing about life?
What can we learn from Kejriwal's mistakes?
What is that one thing you wish had never existed in Bollywood?
How do I turn my life around? Where do I begin?
How do I become better at removing regrets from my life?
What are the most important things in your entire life?
What are the basic things that can take your life to greater heights in everything?
What happens if you practice respect for all life?
What experience have you heard about that motivated you to change for the better?
If you could go back in time and meet yourself, what suggestions or advice would you like to give him/her?
What is a memory that you have always remembered throughout your entire life?
What is something you wish you had known when you were 20?
Why are some people able to learn from their mistakes while others don't?
Name one thing that your job has taught you about people?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
How did your perception of life change from when you were a child/teen?
What is the one thing you did that made people think you were smart?
What valuable lessons can be learned from the Bhagavad Gita?
Is it normal to swear to yourself when you screw up?
Why do people sometimes regret their pasts?
Should you get other people to treat your son like a peasant in order for him to learn a life lesson?
Did you get the CFA and now you regret having it?
What is your record breaking behavior you have heard from people of all life levels you interacted with, consequently see it in your present life?
How has your life changed since joining Quora?
Would you give a part of your life to someone else if you could do it in the future?
What are the most scoring lessons in Mains?
Can you tell me about something you regret at first but later appreciated doing?
Have you ever taken advice from a motivational speech, and it ruined your life?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
What are the 15 best things that one must experience in his/her life?
What is the one thing that you would do for free for your entire life?
What is that “one good thing” about you that you wish to see with everyone?
What is one of the advice you would like to give to today's generation?
Have you ever taken any decision or have you ever done anything which you will regret forever?
What's the most difficult problem that you faced in your life so far?
What’s one of the worse moments/situations you’ve been in, regarding your sexuality?
What can we learn from the Mahabharat?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
What do they actually teach in"Creationism" lessons?
What is the one thing you know you should not do but cannot stop yourself from doing it?
How do I live with regrets for not enjoying my teenage years? I am 20 now, soon 21.
What's the worst thing about hunting?
What is the mistake in "Everyone has his own problems."?
Why did God make my life so crappy?
What mistakes are you glad you learned from?
What was the most epic thing you've done?
What is something that has changed your perspective on time?
As a GA pilot, what do you know now that you wish you had known when you got your PPL?
What is a lesson you learnt from someone you really disliked?
What's the best, most important piece of advice for someone about to start high school with a strong determination to be valedictorian?
What makes you realize your life is miserable?
What are some important life lessons?
Have Americans learned anything about cricket from Quora?
What should you do when you realise that someone very important is gone from your life?
If there are five things you could change, what are they?
What was one significant challenge in your life, school, family or community that you had to overcome and what lesson(s) did you learn from it?
For veterans and active duty military, what are some important lessons you learned while serving?
What is most important in the life of a student?
What things suddenly made sense when you realised you had aphantasia?
Where can I go to learn to stop being a loser and learn basic life skills?
What is the one thing that could change my life if followed daily ?
What is some of the best life advice from yogic gurus?
Is there something you hate about yourself? If yes, then what? And why?
After doing a BBA, I have wasted three years. How can I get my life back on track?
What is the worse mistake you ever made that could have ruined your life?
Which are some of the things in life which proves as a blessing in disguise?
If God says,"Tell me one thing you've done that justifies my keeping you here.", what do you tell Him/Her?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments?
What are some of your successes that you wish you never had?
If you got the chance to meet Sherlock Holmes and you had only one thing to ask, what would be that one thing?
What is the biggest mistake you ever made in your life?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What is a life that isn’t worth living, and what should be done to change it?
Is there one event which can be described as the best and worst thing that ever happened to you?
What lessons have we conclusively learnt from History and have avoided previous mistakes?
What are the stupidest mistakes people tend to commit?
What is that one confession you regret not making when intended?
What are the lessons that Indian people most often learn too late in life?
What exactly matters in life?
What's the most important thing you should have accomplished in life by age 30 years old?
What was the biggest lesson from History Hitler failed to learn?
What's the best way to learn from your mistakes?
Should I regret past serious moral mistakes?
What's the stupidest thing you did while you were drunk?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
What are ways that Quora can ruin your life?
Why is it so hard to find a mentor? Why are all the successful people so unwilling to share tips?
How can I balance issues regarding family, responsibilities, a job, dreams, etc.? What should I do now?
What is the worst thing you said, then immediately regretted?
I have made a mistake at work. I have received a warning letter today. What should I do next?
What's one thing you've always been afraid to say out loud?
What's the biggest mistake you ever made during an interview?
Did you ever bully anyone and later have regrets?
Which thing hurt your heart in life?
What did you learn too late in life?
Is there something that you have done in your life that the teenage you would have been surprised about?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made? And how did you overcome it?
What is the fastest way to learn how to trade without having to pay for all these expensive lessons and seminars?
What's that one small thing you've done as a kid that you really regret?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
What is that one thing which someone said to you that distanced you from them?
What is the one thing (or person) in your life for which you are ready to give it all up?
What is the one offensive thing a teacher told you that hurt your feelings?
If you wanted to be social now, what is the one thing you need to find out and why?
What are the best lessons you have learned during the B.Tech?
If you could return to some age of your life, what age would you like to be now?
In a deterministic life, what control do you have over life events?
What have you learned from the people in your life?
Have you ever come across to a person randomly and he/she became the most important part of your life now?
I'm graduating high school on Friday. What is one piece of advice you would give me?
What was the most important thing to you, during each decade of your life?
What are the lessons learned from Bahubali?
What's your aim in life in one sentence?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
How's your life changed now after you first failure?
What is your worst 'why did I do this’ moment?
What are some examples of life-altering expenses you incurred due to bad/lazy/naive decisions you made during the earlier part of your life?
What is your biggest regret about your dead parents?
What's a negative trait that you have?
Which amazing lessons have you learned from your Harvard MBA?
What is a mistake that you made out of immaturity or stupidity which you regret the most?
What do we mean when we say, "You are wasting life"?
What is more important in life, care or self-respect, or both, as in expectations from a life-partner? Can anyone or both be compromised?
What is the one thing in life that is non-negotiable?
What is worse, admitting a mistake or perpetuating it?
What important lessons about confidence can we learn from Buddhist philosophy?
Is there something you wish you had done when you were 35 yrs old? If yes, what is that?
Has someone ever ruined your life or tried to ruin your life?
As a girl, what are the highest and lowest points in your life till now?
What are the 5 most important things for living today’s life?
If you asked yourself "what is the one thing in the world I would like to have that I don't have," what would it be?
Why is my life so difficult?
Why is it that it takes most of us so long to realize the one thing that holds us back in life more then anyone or anything else is ourselves?
What was the hardest thing you had to accept or acknowledge?
What is one thing that you can do to improve the country?
If you could teach one lesson to Indian liberals what would it be?
What was the sneakiest thing?
What are the ways to code your life?
Could you summarize your entire life and the lessons you learned?
If you had power to destroy one thing in your life, what would that be?
What is the main need of our life?
What can I do to change my miserable life? How do I live better?
What is the most cringy thing you did in school?
What was the happiest moment or day of your life? How did this moment or day impact you?
What are the qualities/lessons which one can learn from a pencil?
What is the worst thing you have ever done up til today?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's take on the horrors of the Holocaust? What lessons does the world need to learn from it?
If you could remake one decision in your life, what would it be? And what advice can you give others about making this decision?
Do you think that telling your child that Santa is real is a good life lesson, in regards to not always trusting what authoritive figures tell you?
What lessons should everyone learn about teamwork and cooperation?
My boss has made a mistake with my paycheck, what should I do?
What was the best piece of advice you ever received?
What is something you wish you had but will never get?
What are some of your life experiences that transformed you into a man (from a boy)?
Should I work hard and sacrifice fun to achieve my goals or just go through life and enjoy every moment to the fullest?
Why is it difficult to live a life of your choice?
What is the one thing that you regretted at first but became a positive turning point in your life?
What is one thing you feel you will never be able to endure?
What is the hardest thing to do as a man?
What thing did you wish more people knew or understood about hunting and rifle-sports?
What were your regrets in each decade of your life?
What makes you realize what you want in life?
What privilege do you have, that most people don't?
To what extent would you consider life as important?
What makes you hopeful in life?
What is the most important thing in the life of a single person?
If given a chance, what would you share with your younger self?
What is the deepest philosophical lesson you've ever learned from a song?
Did you ever experience any form of "epiphany" that made you change the way you live your life in a significant way?
What difference truly makes a difference in life?
I'm planning to start making prints. Are there any tips you wish you'd have known as a novice?
What does it mean if somone has harmed a small animal on purpose as a child and now regrets it?
What burning career question do you wish you had expert advice about?
What are the life lessons one can learn from Daredevil?
Do you remember something you did for the first time in your life and enjoyed it?
How badly does your life suck?
What pieces of advice will you give me from your experiences?
What is the one thing that you've tried to do but failed miserably?
Which is the best thing you can write to me which I can retain for my entire life?
Why should there be lessons learnt from Baahubali 2 when it is a fictional story?
What is more important study or life-experience?
What is one thing a teacher taught (said/assigned to) you that changed you forever?
What have been the events in your life which made you feel there is a law governing things around us?
Are successful people lonely people?
Did you ever ignore a dream, and later realize it had an important meaning to it? Did you regret it?
What was the most important thing you have taught your child?
What are the best and the worst incidents you have encountered till now as an IFS?
What is an unforgettable incident in your life?
Have you led any experiments in life?
What is the best thing that you heard today?
When will liberals learn their lesson about inviting so called refugees?
Could you give one example for a good learning experience and bad learning experience?
What steps should be taken to avoid disappointment in life?
How do I fight my regrets?
If we can not look at success stories due to survivorship bias and failures are not readily accessible, how can we learn from the past?
What is that one thing which changed people's attitude towards you?
Why is asking questions important for learning new things in life?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
Have you experienced any paranormal activity at any point in your life?
Did you regret living in China?
Why are some people unwilling to learn from their mistakes?
What is the most life altering moment you experienced and that you will never forget?
What is the best thing one can ever do in their life at least thrice a week?
What is the worst thing about coming out?
What do to in life, after you realize you have done nothing so far worth it?
What is the one thing you should do when bookkeeping?
Why does the Shaheed Zulfiquar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology's business school keep getting praised internationally rather than its science programs? How can SZABIST improve its contribution and standing in that area?
Have you ever felt like your life was perfect or complete? If so, when?
Have you ever felt that your life has hit a dead end?
What was the biggest life decision you ever made?
How important is compassion in one's life?
How can I avoid doing calculation mistakes?
What is one thing you learned from Spongebob?
What was the worst thing that you did in your life?
Should we regret the glorification of startups?
What do you want most out of life?
What is something you wished at the age of 10 years old?
What are the most amazing things in your life which were once insignificant to you?
What is the most intelligent thing you've heard anyone say or learned in life?
What is an ordinary moment that you will cherish for the rest of your life?
How can science change life?
Why am I so bad at life?
What is your definition of maturity based on your own life experiences?
Is it okay to live life as it is or should we look into everything and plan accordingly?
What must the chance of you having a perfect life be, for you to risk screwing it over completely?
What lessons concerning the faithful man named Job can we learn and benefit from?
What's the fastest thing ever?
Do you ever regret for the situation you are in because you were influenced by others?
What are the new things in SEO that you learnt in 2017?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What are your first steps in life?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
My life is screwed up, what should I do?
What are the pieces of advice you would give to someone who recently started using Quora?
What one experience have you had that has changed the way you behave?
What is the most wonderful relationship you have in your life?
What is most important to a person, their personal life or working life?
How do I move to a new city in a new state to start a new life when I can barely afford to pay the bills I have now let alone be able to save for it?
What is the best thing that happened to someone and made you jealous?
What are the five daily practices to a long joyful life?
What was the most thug moment of your life?
What is the best piece of advice you could give someone on how to stay financially stable and happy?
What is the stupidest thing someone has sued someone for?
Why do I always think of my mistakes?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
What is the greatest challenge you’ve experienced as you’ve adjusted to life in Mexico?
What can I learn in one day, that other people have learned in one year?
What things do you learn from nature?
How does life rise from failure?
What is the hardest yet most important lesson you’ve learned in your life?
If you were a life coach, what is the best practical advice you could could give a socially akward person?
What are some good principles of life?
What important life lessons, if any, does nihilism teach us?
What were the most interesting things you learned from your interviews with MacArthur winners?
What's that one advice you'll give to a person who has just finished his graduation?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
Have you ever had any transformation in your life?
What thing does man need the most?
What is the hardest thing you faced in learning how to code?
What's something you've never told anyone?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
If you could make a throwaway life like a throwaway account, what would you do with this life?
What is the best thing about being a lesbian?
What are the best things about being a less fortunate?
What are the last things you want to do in life?
Which are the best lessons or ideas you learned from people in business?
Does anyone regret getting an MPhil in Chemistry?
What is a basic skill that you should have learnt when you were young but only learnt it recently?
What myths teach lessons about communication, information and/or knowledge?
What is the meaning of life and how to import your life?
Have you ever had a teacher/professor that changed your life and the way you see the world?
What is the happiest thing in your life? What is the thing about your life that satisfies you the most?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What is the life changing movement?
What does a perfect and complete life mean to you?
How can I get over my regrets when I was a teenager?
What is the best decision you have ever made which impact a lot of people?
The Alchemist tells us to pursue dreams. Failure should be respected/ accepted? Maybe regarded as a nudge towards a different path? Do failures exist?
What are 10 things you wish a high school version of you would have known?
What is the most dangerous thing you have done and why?
Looking back now, which was the best period of your life?
What is the most shameless thing you have ever seen a teacher do?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments in life?
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
What is the one thing that you will never forgive yourself for?
What's more painful, death or living your whole life with regrets of not achieving the dream you earnestly wished for since birth?
What is that one thing you did that changed your life?
What can change your life?
What is the most interesting thing you've ever received in the post?
What are the best moments that inspired your life?
What did you learn from your CA life and the problems you faced during your CA life?
What is the thing about your life that pinches you everytime?
Whats the worst thing that could ever happen to a unicorn?
How can I be the one I want to?
What are some secret tricks that you know and you don’t want to share?
How has your life changed?
Which are the most inspiring and different lessons you have learned?
What is an "only in Canada" moment?
What is the biggest mistake Narendra Modi ever made?
How do I choose which one of my dreams to pursue with all my heart? Do I have to give up one dream for another? Won't I regret it?
What's the one thing that haunt you often?
What are the best advantages you can get in life?
What are some things you did that if you had another life you wouldn’t do again?
What is the best advice you've gotten on Quora?
What has the most traumatic part of your life taught you?
Even though I think I have learnt my lesson I will make the same mistakes. How can I avoid making the same mistakes?
What's the most intriguing thing you've learned from people who were dying?
What's the limit to punishing my male son? I need him to learn life lessons.
What is a mistake that everyone makes?
What is the best thing and the worst thing (if any) that has happened to you because of your name?
What are some unexpected and sudden changes in life?
What things do you wish to have in order to simplify your life?
What is an important lesson or piece of wisdom you can share about life?
What is it about life that keeps us running?
Which day is the most important in ones life?
What principles have you learned to live a better life?
What is the toughest situation in your life?
I just turned 20. What are some good pieces of advice (school, life, romance etc.)?
How do I seem to always take the long road in life and always having to struggle? Why do some get such an easy life?
What makes life difficult and how to escape it?
What is the worst stage of life?
Who can we learn some life experiences from?
What are the things you learnt from your relationship(s)? Do girls stick to their commitments, and fight for you with their parents?
What is the guiltiest thing you've ever done that no one found out about?
What has been your most cringeworthy moment of your life?
What do you treasure the most in life?
What is the stupidest thing you've done in front of your parents?
How did it feel when you faced the first biggest loss in your life? How did you overcome it?
Did the experience of space change something in astronauts forever?
How should one develop a thick skin in order to survive in the big bad world?
Is "We don't have time" the biggest excuse in life?
What's the biggest mistake you almost made?
Why don't more people realize the biggest problem in life is the corrupt 1%?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
If you had 24 hours left of your life and a magical rock that would grant whatever you wished (no one could use it after you died), what would you do?
How can one live alone his whole life without regrets?
What is a mistake made by your parents that you've tried your best to avoid making?
What are the most common perceptions about life?
What do you believe in most in life?
Why is it easier to preach, especially the life lessons?
Is there a Quoran answer that changed your life?
Do you believe in learning without making mistakes?
What is the absolutely worst thing you have ever experienced?
What's one thing that you honestly regret?
What is best philoshophy of life?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
What was one moment of your life where without God or some random chance you would've been in a different place today?
What is the most important thing you've ever forgotten?
I am still regretful about my decision that I made two years ago. And this mistake has been affecting my life. What can I do?
What is the one thing in your life that makes you feel alive?
What item that you bought recently did you find very useful and made you wish you had it before?
What is your biggest regret which still haunts you?
What is your best time/moment/thing ever in life?
What are some powerful stories or lessons every student should know for handling their life challenges?
What was the most disgusting thing you were subjected to?
What are some important things I should be warned before I make changes in life?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
Why is a smile the most important thing in life?
How do I remove my father from my life?
Why do I think to be centered on one thing in a category?
What do you regret about your job?
Where can I find out about a prostitute’s life?
What is the most idiotic thing you've ever seen?
What is the most important thing for Michael Fitzin’s life?
What’s something about business you wish you knew earlier?
What would you do if you were allowed to do one thing, whatever it is?
How do you turn your life around after you screwed up big time?
How can I learn from everything?
What was your biggest mistake as a new realtor?
Have you missed out on something big, only to be glad you did later on?
What was the biggest mistake you ever made in your life that you don't want to happen again?
Did anyone regret a decision you have made in the past?
How can this quote be understood, "The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows"?
How do you deal with missed opportunities?
What is the single best piece of advice you were ever given in relation to social life/interaction?
If you could do one thing sexual that you've never done, what would it be?
What life changing decision do you regret the most?
What did you learn from your life in Infosys?
If life is short, then when should things start?
What is the one thing you have done in your life which required a lot of self-control?
What are the types of incidents that could change your normal day or your life?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
Would you rather start life anew with no recollection of your current life, or reverse one bad decision you made in your life?
What's the most satisfying thing you've realized in the past 24 hours?
What is some inspirational advice for one’s life?
What's the biggest mistake that you made as a parent?
What's the thing you wish you had known when you were 18?
What is that one thing that u would change in yourself?
What are the best study hacks which can actually be life changing?
What is your biggest regret from highschool?
How can I recover from failure in my professional and academic life?
What are some financial tips you have learned and wish someone would have told you when you were younger?
Do you think people who are completely unhappy in their life have meaning in their life?
What is your greatest dream of life?
What is the greatest thing in life according to some people?
What is the one thing you can do to a narcissist that they wish they never met you?
What are the realities of life which everyone tends to overlook?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
Education-wise, what are the things that I should know in life?
Is it true that people who try to make others happy are often unhappy themselves? If not, where did this false info come from?
What is the most important thing you've learned from dating?
What are some lessons I need to learn from history and use in my future life?
At what point in your life did you realize that your bad decisions and attitude were ruining your life and you decided to turn around?
What are some of the best things that one should experience in their life?
To succeed in life, is it important to be an extrovert?
What did your mum teach you growing up?
What can we learn from Aamod Rao?
What did you regret not doing in your youth?
What is the way of life?
What are the habbits to make life interesting?
What is your ideal purpose in life?
What FML moment turned your life around?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
Do you ever feel that you want to talk to someone about how you feel about your life now and what you have learnt? Tell me your story.
What has surprised you about life?
What is something you wished you knew at the age of 15?
What is the best thing to broker right now?
Should we keep quiet when an unjust action takes place, or raise our voices despite the unknown repercussions?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
What are the 5 most important things to think about when learning Russian?
What are some things we never knew we needed?
If you could only accomplish one thing in the next year, what would it be?
Which dream taught you a lesson in your life?
Is there a situation that completely changed the way you experienced life?
What is the worst or the best thing in your life and in what way has that changed you? What kind of connection do you expect from a person?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
What's the most unessential thing you've done that's been most essential in hindsight?
How do I make the breakdowns and crises of my life into breakthroughs?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
Why don’t you concentrate on making money to improve your own life but doing this unprofitable thing?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
Does anyone on Quora regret getting into IIT?
What are the things in your life which make you feel that you are really very lucky?
In the emotional area of your life, what is or has been the best feeling you've ever had?
What do you regret of doing which you could have ignored?
What lessons can a person learn from another person?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
What is the best thing you have ever lost?
I think that mistakes are a great learning opportunity. Do you agree?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
What is the one incident that made you feel the 'luckiest'?
What 6 things I should learn from you?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
What has been your worst "oh shit" mistake?
What is the best thing that a patient has told you?
When was the point in your life where you realized that you were financially free? What did you do then?
How do I put a valuable life view into practice?
I can not walk properly. Can I succeed in life?
How would you react if a demon told you that you will have to live your life this very same way over and over again forever?
Radical changes in life are hard to accept. How does one accept such changes?
What's an investment that you wish you had made?
How important is punctuality in life?
What is the best stage of life?
Why was a reversal in Pulakeshin's II success on field? What lessons can be learnt from it?
Has your parent ever made any incredbly correct decision you couldn't understand at that time?
What are the main lessons of your life?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
Should we be forgiven after a mistake?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
What are your experiences of mindfulness? How have your life changed?
What are some tricky things in life?
What's something you know now that you wish you knew when you first started your business?
Why am I aimless in life, not wanting to grow, achieve, or learn in life?
What is the best accident ever that has happened to you and has changed your life completely?
What has happened to you in one day that changed you?
What lesson took you a lifetime to learn?
What are some things that you need to learn how to do in life (e.g. how to sew and other things like that)?
What are the mistakes you won't repeat again after getting a new smartphone?
Why do people regret when they'll never truly know the outcome of other decisions?
What is the biggest turned in your life that brought to succes and move forwards?
What is the most important thing to know at 21?
Yesterday I turned 18. What advice do you have for me?
What is required to tackle trials and tribulations in life? Explain.
Have you ever heard anybody say the phrase that they have “done a 360° change” (or turn) in their life or on an issue?
What are the ways to evaluate quality in every aspect of life?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
Is life important to you?
What do you wish you had done differently in the past?
What things have you done this year that has changed your life in general and why?
Would you believe someone who told that they've never made a mistake in their life?
What is the one thing that helped you stop seeing your life in terms of accomplishment vs failure?
What is the best thing you saw today?
Do people wish they had more holidays? Why or why not?
What's the best piece of career advice you've ever received?
Why don't I remember my lessons taught in class on which I don't concentrate though my sensory organs are working perfectly?
What are some behavorial patterns that learnt from nurture?
If you could do one thing to improve Quora, what would it be?
What is something surprising you learned when you became a tenant?
What is the saddest time of your life?
What was the most uplifting thing you learnt in your 20s?
What is the biggest mistake that Smith made in the IPL 2017 final?
What is the biggest thing you have overcome in your life?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
What event or epiphany made you most of what you are today?
If you could change one thing in Naruto, what would it be and why?
What's the worst personal advice you've ever read on Quora?
What's the worst mistake young people can make?
What is the most Assamese thing ever?
What is life and living?
How do I get rid of overthinking, regret for mistakes of the past, and a continuous negativity?
Which date changed your life and why?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What kind of lessons did Commander Dhonde teach you for Sagar Parikrama 2?
What do you think is the most important thing of an event?
What is the smallest thing you done everyday that changed your life?
Why does news ruin your life?
Which are the biggest mistakes that we usually do?
What is one situation in life that you would want to change if given the option?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
What's the most difficult decision you ever took and how did it change your life?
What is the nicest thing a stranger ever did for you?
What is the real disaster in one's life?
What is the most important thing between a couple?
What is the best thing you have ever done for any person in your life?
What do we have to do if there is no mistake on our part, only on our partner's, and then she blames us?
What was the one thing that made you finally drop your affection for someone?
Does it require loads of money to live life to the fullest? If not, how?
Was there any incident/accident in your life that turned your life uspide down or changed your worldview completely?
Which moment in your life will you never forget?
What’s one thing that’s happened to you that has made you a stronger person?
What are the best 10 things you've ever purchased?
What is something you learned very early in life, but understood much later?
If I'm content with what I have, will I ever make it big in life?
What is the one thing that could happened today to make it even better?
What is one life lesson you’ve learnt the hard way?
Is life to be thought about, or is it to be learned?
What are the most useful things you can do with $1000?
Is it ok if I expect my friends/relatives/anyone to guide me when in a bad patch, or should I consult a psychiatrist/counselor?
What is the most important lesson the Buddha taught?
What’s the best thing about being a girl?
Why is the world so screwed up and what's the end game?
Can you talk about the person who taught you about life?
Why do some people like to have an average life?
How do I analyze my life's mistakes?
What is the most fucked up thing you've ever heard?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
What is the most profound moment of gratitude that you've ever experienced?
What did you, as a parent, learn from your kid?
What words of advice would you give to someone trying to find their life's calling?
If you could say one thing to your past self, what would it be?
What is the biggest regret you have about buying a home?
What was the single most inspiring and beautiful moment of your life so far?
If I were to be you, what would I regret and cherish?
What is the turning point in an average person’s life and how should it be dealt with successfully?
Why can't people learn from other people’s mistakes?
What's one weird thing a kid said to you?
How can one change their nature from being a person who shares most things to being a mysterious person?
I keep making the same mistakes again with people in my life. I am pushing people away. How can I stop?
What do you regret from 2014?
What was the last piece of advice that someone told you before they died?
What is one thing you've done on your job that made a corporate difference?
What was the best time of your life, the time you wish you could relive?
What life lessons does Omerta (Mario Puzo) teach us?
In a country where parents want their children to be doctors and engineers, how would you convince them that what matters in the end is happiness?
What is the best lesson a child had taught you?
Which celebrities do you wish you had never met or seen interviewed?
Why do they say "don't judge" and at the same time also say "think wisely"? What should one actually do?
How do I become better at removing regrets from my life?
What story from your life will you take to your grave?
What are the life-changing lessons that Baahubali the movie taught you?
What are some mistakes an army general can make?
Have you ever realized that you were fighting for the wrong cause?
What is the most valuable thing that has been discovered in a refuse site?
How many of you agree that Neha has made a big mistake by choosing Shane in her gang and why?
You are about to die. What would be one thing that you would regret not having done yet?
What are the worst mistakes people make in job interviews?
What is the most important life lesson you've learned to date?
What is the thing that you want to answer today?
Will your life be misserable if you don't do things at the right age?
What is the most valuable life lesson or soft or hard skill that you have learned which has had a transformative effect on your daily life?
What was the most shocking moment you had when you realised that you were not as good as you thought at something that you used to be good at?
What are some mistakes you made in your early 20s that have had a negative impact on your adult life?
What was the one thing you did that ruined your whole life?
Have you ever ruined or wasted anyone's life?
Can you summarise off-hand what you learned from Quora in the past week?
Why do people keep mistaking there for their?
What is the most important thing in life and relationship?
Does success mean money? How do we know that we are taking the right steps to be successful?
Life teaches us harsh lessons every day. Are they worth it, as we are not going to be alive for centuries for those lessons to last?
What are some of the hardest-learned lessons for transgender people who transitioned 10+ years ago?
What are the most useful things to know how to cook?
What is the most overwhelming thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the most horrible thing you have ever done, or the worst of humanity you have witnessed in real life?
What were the lessons learned and your subsequent change of behavior?
What's the biggest failure you've made a comeback from?
What was that moment when you realised that you are changed?
What is most important in the life of a student?
Do you think Indians don't accept their mistakes?
What is the best movie moment of your life?
What are some pieces of advice to help a young married couple get ahead financially?
What’s one thing you remember about school?
What is the worst thing you've ever done or been done to you?
Old people: What will you regret the most before dying?
What do you learn from Islam?
What is the most important thing that needs to be learned?
Which is the most important rule one should follow in life?
What have you learnt from the aliens?
Would you ever repeat the biggest mistake you've done in your life?
What lessons have Baahubali franchise taught to Bollywood?
What are the hardest lessons to learn about business that no one talks about?
How can I balance issues regarding family, responsibilities, a job, dreams, etc.? What should I do now?
What changes in you makes your life good?
What does Quora do better than everyone else?
What is the best life lesson you've learned from reading a book? What is the book?
Which situation completely changed your life?
What are the top 10 lessons that a prostitute wants to give to women?
What is the one thing you want to do in your life after which you can say, 'it was worth it to live'?
What are the best lessons you have learned during the B.Tech?
What is the most Jugadu thing you have ever seen/done?
How is ruthlessness important in life?
What is the best piece of advice a child has told you?
Have you ever been in a situation where you regretted the thing you did, but later got good results from it?
What are some of the worst things that you experienced in IT companies?
Could you recall one instance that changed your life forever?
Lagging in career while leading in life lessons. How far is it okay or better?
What is the best piece of advice or quote you have received?
How do you live after you have ruined everything in your life?
In what way has life thrown something incredibly unpredictable at you? Has anything really unexpected ever happened that changed your life so much that you look back and wonder how, why?
What are some of the most important things you learn in your English College course?
What was the biggest failure of your life? How did you cope with it and turn it into a huge success?
If you changed an important event, how would it impact life today?
What did you do earlier in your life that you thought was cool, but later on realised that you shouldn't have done that?
What is one piece of knowledge you wished you knew when you were younger?
How can I prevent life mistakes?
What's your best advice you've ever given or received?
How can I find a list of all lessons learned from a young age to an old age?
Who do you think has really influenced your life? Why & how?
Did the difficulties in your life change you for better or for worse?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
Has anyone ruined your life?
When is a time you got exactly what you wanted but the following events made you wish you hadn't?
What is the one thing you'd like to change in your past?
Has a self-help product ever made a big difference in your life, or the life of anyone you know?
Is there any instances that you regret for not confessing what you exactly feel about people around you before leaving school?
Is it bad when you can't find the one in life?
"Living life without regrets" is a nice motto, but what shall one do when he/she faces a crossroad and each road is as much important?
Will men who make the same mistake twice in marriage ever realize the mistake and change?
What is the standard of good lessons?
Which kind of life do you prefer, a challenging one or a stable one?
What were the biggest regrets you had at age 30?
How can you prevent yourself from making the same mistake twice?
What lessons have you learnt in life by observing your siblings?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
Will we ever learn?
What was the biggest mess up you've ever had in a competition?
What is one story or fable that changed your whole outlook on life?
How should we make a life changing decision?
What is the solution for the biggest mistake done in life?
What did you do when you finally reached that point in your life when you knew your life must change but you didn't have the ability to do so?
What event in your life moulded you into who you are today?
What are some valuable lessons from history that we can adopt in everyday life?
What is the one thing that you regret doing to someone?
If you are forced to look at one thing (and nothing else) for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is that one thing that you changed in yourself due to the circumstances and why?
What is the most important thing in the life of a single person?
Is life worth living if you can't feel? I'm 26 and got diagnosed with schizophreniform last year.
What was the most shocking experience/event you had in your life?
What do you wish you knew about the caregiving process for your relative?
Which is the best "Life Changing quotes" on Building Your Character?
What was the hardest thing you had to deal with when you were growing up?
What is that one thing you have vowed never to do?
What is the best thing you've chosen in your life?
How can I get rid of negativity from my life?
What is the most important lesson you have learned from your life?
What is the purpose of revenge?
Is there somebody you wish you'd never judged before you knew them?
What is the best use of life?
What was the best incident of your life that made you happy?
In Italy, do public elementary and middle schools teach lessons in English, or are lessons only conducted in Italian?
What is something that you want to do but will most likely regret?
What's that one thing you wish you had done?
What are the most important lessons learned so far?
What are some ways to do better in life?
What is one thing you wish you had learned earlier in life?
What is worse, regretting something you did or regretting something that you didn't do?
What is the biggest lesson you learned from world history?
If you don't value your own life enough to carry a gun and protect yourself, why should you expect others to value this life you will not defend?
What is your best advice to help me to change my life for the best?
What is the riskiest thing you've done for someone else?
What mistakes did you make for the GSOC'17 which led to your rejection?
What are some mistakes that people make during their gap years that they later regret?
Who's the weirdest kid you’ve ever met?
How do I explain, "Mom gave her life so you could live yours."? I don’t want to lay blame or to make him feel guilty. I want him to live his life to the fullest.
How has football improved/ruined your life?
Do you have to spend a very large amount of your time on something for it to be the most important thing in your life?
How do I avoid having regrets?
If you ever got a time machine and you wanted to change something in your life, what it would be?
What events have been a turning point in your life?
What's a bad thing you learnt today?
How would you summarize the grand strategy that drove your life and what lesson can you draw?
What is the most significant thing that has ever happened to you?
What will you regret in life by not being yourself and not working hard enough (wasting your time, being satisfied with what you're doing)?
What is your definition of maturity based on your own life experiences?
What is the stupidest mistake you’ve ever made?
What have you learnt from your children?
What is the one thing that made you famous in high school?
How does math impact your life?
What are the things in life that you wish you had the courage to do?
What is something that you regret doing or not doing?
How do bus drivers handle bus fights?
What have your pets taught you about yourself?
What is the best decision you have made in bed?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
What has been your biggest obstacles in life, fitness, and relationships?
How do I prevent myself from making small mistakes in math problems?
What is the most surprising thing you have gotten away with?
Which emperor or king made the worst mistake ever in world history?
What was the hardest thing for you to get over?
What is the most constant thing in life?
What is the most life-affirming statement you have personally heard from a person in failing health?
Did you have any regrets during highschool?
When you look back as an adult, what do you regret from your youth?
What is the hardest and most ambiguous moral choice you had to make in your life?
What thing does man need the most?
What's the biggest mistake that Apple made since 2011?
What lessons did you learn after giving the NEET 2017?
What grammar lesson must one know/learn to pass the B1 German test?
Do small things in life matters?
What are the lessons you learned by travelling?
If you had the option to repair some mistake that you've made at some point in your life, which would be, and what would be the reason?
What was one hard hitting moment in your life?
What types of lessons that you learn from past lives do you carry on to your next lives?
What is an important thing you have lost?
What is the hardest lesson you learned through your years of negotiating?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your Kickstarter campaign?
What lesson can be learned in studying engineering?
What is the best book on motivating another person (brother) who has no real drive to succeed/achieve anything particular in life?
What is the most life changing experience you've had while traveling?
Do you regret not doing something in your twenties?
What is the sneakiest thing you did in school?
What are some traditionally gender-specific life lessons that the other gender should learn too?
How do I live with regret and lost potential?
What is the one thing you realized that made your life happy?
Does Rohan Jain have any regret in his life?
Is hope a good thing or bad thing?
Have your parents ever done anything mean to you to teach you a lesson?
Who are some people who failed in engineering, but made it big in life?
What are some of the choices you've made that made you who you are?
What is the most important lesson that you have learned from your failures and how has it changed your outlook towards life?
What are the regrets that you have as a student?
Whats the biggest mistake you made in your marriage?
How do I stop getting bored of everything so easily?
What are the greatest life incidents of Swami Vivekananda?
Which are the most important lessons a man needs to learn when it comes to making, keeping and multiplicating money?
If there comes a moment where you have to save a stranger's life but it may cost your own life, would you do it?
What’s the hardest decision you've ever made?
What lessons can be learnt from Twitter’s Vine?
At what moment in your life did you realize how precious time is?
I’m 25 and confused. How were you like when you were 25?
What did you learn from great personalities?
What is the most interesting thing you've ever received in the post?
What and how do you apply some learned skills/knowledge to real life?
What's the greatest life lesson you have learned?
What has been the life expectancy across time from the first century till now?
What are some of the best lessons humans can learn from nature and apply in daily lives?
Why is silence very important in life?
What have you learnt from the AFSB stay in Varanasi?
What is one thing that most people do that you don't?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
Why do people commit the same mistakes?
What did you eat, only to regret it moments later?
Why has choosing to follow your intuition been the best thing you've done for your life?
What is the best thing someone has taught you about relationships?
What is the best piece of advice you have received for during exam time?
What is the #1 reason you are successful?
There are so many horrible things in life, that not many people understand. What is your advice for me?
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made with your hard earned money?
What is the best piece of advice you would give your child?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you, but you wouldn't change because it taught you something?
What is your advice for a depressed Christian young man having homosexual tendencies with more than a dozen other worries and troubles?
Is there anyway to change people mindset? Why because one IPS officer said some things said we expect we need to do social works?
Objectively, what's the one most important secret to success in life?
What is the turning point of your life? And are you happy after that?
Have you ruined your life?
If you could go back in time to 20 years ago and still had your memory and life experiences, how would you make your life better?
Would you rather have a good life ahead of you, or a good life behind you?
How do you feel in school?
What is the worst thing you've done and regretted?
How do you distinguish regret from shame?
What is life worth when you have no one to share it with?
What are your failures, and how have you learned from them?
What is one thing you could do today to improve your marriage?
What action of yours will you regret forever?
What are top things you wish you should have done in your 20-40s?
If I wore colored contacts my whole life, would I regret it in the end?
What do people regret the most, things they did or things they didn't?
What are the recent changes you brought in your life?
What is the best thing one can do everyday throughout his life?
What is the best way to live our life?
Have you used the Getting Things Done methodology? If so, what were your lessons learned?
What countries/nations have made their way of life simple and inexpensive?
What are some of the most memorable classic stories in English that you remember from high school, and what lessons did you learn from them?
What are some mistakes React developers often make?
What are some things that people have learnt too late in life?
Do you feel as if the world is getting worse?
What are some important things I should be warned before I make changes in life?
What makes life complete?
Why is a smile the most important thing in life?
What is the one thing you should do once in your life?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
How do I plan and prioritize d busiest time of life (read 30s),when you need to attend aspects like health, finance/career, family and your own dreams?
What is the thing you want to do but you never do it?
What is the most important thing for Michael Fitzin’s life?
What is a good example of a life changing experience?
What is the one thing you have learnt from movies?
How do you turn your life around after you screwed up big time?
Should you do what you'd prefer to do or what you think needs to be done that others won't do?
What event has left the most significant impression on you in your life?
What secret are you keeping that is ruining your life?
What made you realize that you are okay the way you are?
What does it mean for god to be the most important thing in your life?
What are some things I can do everyday to make my life more meaningful?
What were the biggest challenges you faced when you were a young adult and how did you overcome them?
Which book managed to change the point of view towards your life?
How do I get successful in life after so many mistakes?
What is one thing you wished you had achieved/learned but never have?
What is the one thing that shattered you but made you stronger?
What has been the most important lesson that God has taught you?
What are the ways to change my life?
What are some of the hardest life lessons you have learned that you want to tell children?
What are the things that change your life for the better?
What is that one comeback story that you are proud of in your life?
How can I stop being offended by everything?
Can we use our life fully by learning from old people and have no regrets during our old age? How?
At what moment in your life did you realize you were smarter than your parents?
What is one lesson you wish your parents taught you while you were still young?
What is the most Punekar thing you have seen someone do?
What is happening in your life?
Do we learn more from finding out we have made mistakes or from our successful actions?
Can you explain your life as a YouTuber?
What are some lessons I need to learn from history and use in my future life?
Will I ever regret of having only one child?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made, and what did you do to make it right?
What is one thing you wish you knew before becoming a Christian?
Is learning and working with ActionScript a mistake?
What was that first incident which made you realise what you want to do in life?
If you could grow only one thing, and it was the only thing you could have for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What mistakes have you made in your life after your 18th birthday that you wish you hadn't made?
What is conflict?
"Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it." From that phrase, what lessons could America take from the past to improve the future?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
What's the stupidest thing you've believed in the news?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
What are 3 things you'll definitely achieve in your life?
What was the worst thing you've ever done and why did you do it?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
If this is the last day of your life, what are the three things you would do?
If you had another chance at something you regret doing, what would it be?
What was the worst thing you ever did or someone did to you?
You are now 90 years old. Looking back at your life and all that you’ve achieved and acquired: what matters to you?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
What is the thing that changed your life totally?
How do I keep life simple and inexpensive?
What mistake have I made?
Why don't we ever come across any self made failure stories?
How can you ruin someone else's life in one week?
What is the one thing that changed your perspective on life?
I had a crush on a girl in my class, and we made eye contact many times. I asked her out, but she said no. Why?
Which was the worst mistake ever made by any emperor or a king in world history?
What did you learn today that you'll remember for the rest of your life?
What have you learned in Go that transferred to life out of the board?
What is the most courageous thing you have done till now?
Which experience in your life has most impacted the way you look at God?
Are you happy with your life? Is there any regret?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
Why is life so simple, yet so difficult?
If you could have one thing that would make your life better, what would it be?
Is there any incident which you could remember throughout your life?
What are the ten most important things I should do daily to be a better person?
What is one thing that you wish you would have known before you started meditating?
Is life all about doing the right things?
Outside of self-enlightenment or the exercise of knowing oneself, what are the two most important things to be conscious of?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve witnessed in school?
What should a person do in order to excel in every aspect of life?
What is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to you?
If success comes with the price of happiness, should I go for it?
What kind of regrets do teachers have?
What are the things that never happens but you wish to happen?
What are some universal laws that everyone should know about?
What is the best thing about being American?
What was the one thing you wished school would have taught you? What is the subject you found the least useful in your adult life so far?
What are some lessons that a modern person could learn from reading "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
Are old school good habits like early rising, self-dependence, timeliness, and not wasting food still relevant today with resources readily available?
What is the most unreasonable thing you have been yelled at for?
What is the biggest sacrifice you have made in your life?
Did you ever regret immigrating to the US?
Can we learn some lessons from the tolerant setup of Muhammad bin Qasim?
Has someone with a profound disability taught you a lesson or positively affected your life?
When was the moment when you realized the worth of your parents?
What do you wish you had done differently in the past?
What is one regret in your life which you want to change?
What are the things that a person regrets before they die?
What is something that you learnt in the most unconventional manner?
What is the best thing you have learnt from your husband?
What's the best piece of career advice you've ever received?
What are some things you wish physicians would understand?
What things in life are just not fair?
What are some life lessons you've learned after being six months unemployed?
I have been a failure till graduation. Can I do something in life?
What is one thing about you that you know is wrong yet you don't want to change?
Would you be interested in learning about how your imagination can help you create magical changes in your life?
If you could give your younger self advice as you were entering university, what would it be?
What kind of lessons did Commander Dhonde teach you for Sagar Parikrama 2?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
Which non-business book has taught you valuable business lessons?
If you are living in a foreign country, what do you wish you had known before coming?
What is the worst misunderstanding that has happened with you that changed your life completely?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What is the greatest lesson you have learned in your life?
Did you skip classes when you were young? Do you regret it now?
What is a beautiful moment in your life that you wouldn’t mind sharing with people?
What is the most intelligent thing you recently done that amazed yourself?
What is the nicest thing a stranger ever did for you?
How do surgeons have the courage to continue working after they had screwed up someone's life?
What was your biggest mistake in life? How did you overcome it?
How far have you come in your life?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only three words?
Have you ever felt that your life changed after an event?
What is something that other people might have regrets about but you don't have regrets about?
What do I do, when I repeat mistakes unintentionally and hurt people?
What was the most not wasted life in all history?
What was the best moment of your life, where you would like to pause it forever?
What is a thing that you have done in the past and you truly regret now?
What are the best things that Bhutan can teach rest of the world?
What is most complicated thing in your life?
What are the things you wished an AI could do in a better way?
What are some of the important things that should be managed in life, before time?
How large and connected is your professional network? What lessons have you learned through “networking”?
What’s your most regretted purchase (not necessarily expensive)?
I regret not going to the ceremony. How shall I overcome this regression?
What are your 5 mistakes in life which taught you invaluable lesson/wisdom?
Can you give me one advice that could change my life?
What makes life worth living?
When we make mistakes, we often come up with self-justifications instead of admitting the mistakes to ourselves. Why?
When was a time that you realized you had advanced greatly at something?
What's the worst thing about Indian society?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
What are some traditionally gender-specific life lessons that the other gender should learn too?
How do I stop doing things that I regret after doing?
What are the best methods for learning from your mistakes in thinking?
What are the 3 most incredible things that life gives us?
Regarding wikitribune, what lessons can be learned from editorial struggles at Wikipedia, such as in interpreting conflicting information?
What's one sacrifice you never told your kids?
What was that moment when you felt proud?
What was the one incident which made you realize that the person you cared for the most (friends) did not deserve your attention?
What is the most insane thing you've learnt at school?
What’s the best way to enjoy life in Hosur?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
At what point did you realize you'd had enough?
You've been given one wish but you can only use it for someone other than yourself, so what's your wish?
What do you regret doing in your life?
What books have allowed you to see life completely differently?
What can you do right this moment to make a change?
From where can I learn GD&T?
How does one live life in their own way?
How much of an impact has school had on your life as of now?
What are life lessons, or morals you can learn from Forrest Gump?
Are there people addicted to their emotions? For example, people who believe that their emotions are what makes life interesting. Are there other things that give life a purpose?
What should I do when I realize I can't accept the change?
What is the one thing that you always wanted to tell your sister?
What are the things that toppers miss in their life?
What important life lessons would you teach your children?
Who do you think has really influenced your life? Why & how?
What is the stupidest thing that you bought, which appeared right at the time?
What are some things you love about yourself?
What is the worst thing you did in high school?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
Is it true that we can either be a leader or a follower but nothing in between?
Do you regret buying a coupe car?
What are the causes of small and big tragedies of life?
Besides the basic necessities of life, what is one thing you cannot live without?
What is the first step to take when getting your life back on track?
What is one thing you are a hypocrite about?
What is that one thing you have never done but wanna do once in your life?
What is the worst social mistake possible?
How can one know what constitutes the true calling of his/her life?
Why is it so hard for some people to look in the mirror take responsibility their actions, while others can admit their mistakes and faults to grow?
Quoran, what's the story behind the worst thing you've ever done?
What is your biggest ambition that you could ever think of?
Has anyone ruined your life?
What point in your life made you feel the most insignificant?
What is your worst screw-up to date?
What do you think you will have done with your life by the time you're thirty?
What is the most painful thing about traveling for you?
What was the toughest moment/phase in your life? How did you handle it? Do you think you handled it well?
Does competition ruin or make students’ lives?
What are the most surprising lessons parents learn from the first few months of parenting?
What is the best thing I can do as a 20-year-old?
Why do I experience failure in everything?
What was a real life experience that changed you permanently?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
What is/was the worst day of your life?
When someone with true NPD is old, do they look back and realize the mistakes they made in life?
How has life changed after being famous because of the amazing dancing video?
If one wrong mistake you have made in the past could determine your fate in life, what could have possibly happened to you?
What's the saddest thing someone told you before dying?
Are childhood friends one of the most important things for your adult life?
If you have been chasing something with all that you could, the most cherished thing of your life, and still haven’t gotten it, is that destined to be or not?
What's the worst thing to go through a year into a relationship?
Are you proud of the life you are living?
What is the importance of friends in one's life?
What day changed your life forever?
What will happen if your career decision goes wrong, and how do you overcome the regret when that happens?
What are some of the best things that you have learnt from your favourite TV serial/movie character?
What are some of the most important things you thought of when you were founding your company?
What have you learnt or came to awareness in life that you find it to be the most amazing experience?
What and how do you apply some learned skills/knowledge to real life?
What was the biggest mess up you've ever had in a competition?
How do I think big and make big accomplishments in life?
At what moment in your life did you realize who you are?
What're the important things in your life?
Why is life so stupid?
What are philosophies everyone should learn from, even questionable ones?
What's the greatest life lesson you have learned?
What was the hardest thing to do when filming?
What event in your life moulded you into who you are today?
How do I stop quitting all of my activities?
What are some life changing stories of great people?
How do I put a mistake that I made a few years ago to rest? There will never be any closure for what I did. I need to accept what I did.
What was the lowest point of your life and how did you get out of it?
What's the most important lesson life taught you the hard way?
What's the most useless lifehack you know?
What is the best way to find out who I am, when trying to live life?
What are some of the things you are afraid you won't be able to do before you die?
What are the biggest mistakes of a persons life?
What's some advice you wish you had gotten when you developed your first investment algorithms?
What would be the important things in Startup Life?
How has winning the lotto ruined the winner's life?
How can I fix myself, i.e. how can I still live life to the fullest when I've made bad decisions on dumb assumptions in the past, and acted on them?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
What are some things you want in your life?
What is the most interesting thing you learned from photography?
Why do we have to lose something in life in order to get something?
What is the one thing you regret having not asked your spouse before marriage?
What is the most precious lesson that you learnt from a person of opposite sex?
Which one thing is most important to obtain success in any field you want?
What is a random incident that happened with you in your life?
At this point in my life, why does it feel like a life lesson I'm being taught is that if you are loving, you will be treated poorly?
If you could choose to live your life again from any age you wished, retaining your memory, would you and what age would you choose?
Which is better, to slowly figure out what you want or jump into something you're unsure about?
What never gets easier in life?
Is life better when you're 18 and over?
What are the best things you want to do once in your life?
What lessons have you learned from your twin flame?
What is the best method you've learned to learn from mistakes?
Why are hard-working people never satisfied with their lives?
What is the most disruptive thing that ever happened within your supply chain?
If you had the choice of living someone else's life for day, who would you swap with, and why?
What are some good assumptions to go ahead with your life?
Is it a common occurrence for people to pursue graduate studies in a field if they only have some idea of an area of focus? Is it a mistake?
Are there things that should remain secret?
What is the most valuable life lesson or soft or hard skill that you have learned which has had a transformative effect on your daily life?
What is the most difficult situation you have gone through?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
What's the worst advice you could ever give someone?
What is that one thing you always do, but never told anyone?
What is the valuable thing to have in life?
How do we learn to develop patience in our life?
What does it take to be an adult? What are the things you wish you would've known before becoming one?
What is the toughest decision you have ever had to make?
What is worse, regretting what you said or what you didn't say?
What is worth-respecting in everybody's life?
At this moment of your life, what is that something (materialistic/non-materialistic) you want to have?
What was the most shocking moment you had when you realised that you were not as good as you thought at something that you used to be good at?
Have you ever regretted being wealthy?
What are the things in life which are worth suffering for?
Does humanity collectively learn from its mistakes? Are we doomed to eternal recurrence?
What is something that you regret not doing in your life?
If there was one thing that you wish the people around you knew about epilepsy that would make your life better, what would it be?
How do I cope with having had so many awkward moments in my life?
How should I deal with an arrogant father of the groom?
Why are there so many mistakes made by doctors nowadays?
What kind of the experience that you regret having not met earlier and want to share with young people?
How do I be both successful and happy?
What was the one thing you wished grade school would have taught you? And did school ever cater to your type of learning?
What was the one thing you did that ruined your whole life?
What are the things you wish to do now?
How can I live free life experiences all over the world?
What is the most important lesson sailing taught you?
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What is the worst thing you have witnessed happening to a teacher?
How can I make my 11-year-old younger sister understand that time is the most valuable thing in life?
What changes happened in your life after visiting Tirupathi Balaji?
Why do we educate if there's no impact on life?
How can I be happy and positive everyday all the time?
According to you, who is living an amazing life and why?
What are Buddha’s lessons for life?
What was the one thing you wished school would have taught you? What is the subject you found the least useful in your adult life so far?
What was the most important decision you’ve made yet? How did you come to that decision?
How is a new lesson reviewed in Unacademy? What are the things they notice most in one's lessons or PPT?
What is one's biggest failure in life?
What is the most painful moment of your life that no one knows?
What is the most meaningful coincidence that has occurred in your life so far?
Are old school good habits like early rising, self-dependence, timeliness, and not wasting food still relevant today with resources readily available?
What is a very minor thing that changed your life for the better?
What's the nicest thing your friend has ever done for you?
How has learning not to expect anything from life made you happy?
Which philosopher’s work is the most life-changing to read?
Have you ever had a 'dumb moment' in your life? What is it?
What’s the thing you most regret not doing in your life?
Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters?
Why is it important to learn our own life lessons? What happens if we continue to run away from them?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
If you will have the chance to contemplate your life when you are about to die, what do you think will be your biggest regret?
What will you regret if you die today?
What was your hardest moment in school?
What is the craziest thing you have done in an exam hall?
How do I accept failure, learn from it and move on with life from there?
What tips would you give your younger self about talking to girls?
When will the motivation to live my life to the fullest come, will it ever?
What are the lessons that can be learned from the films targeting young women?
Have you managed to turn your life around and save yourself from rock bottom?
After I left my job I realized what I have been doing wrong. I also realized that leaving was the biggest mistake I have made. What should I do now?
What should I learn when facing bad time that can be helpful for my life?
Can someone really redo their life at 34 in all aspects of life?
What are some financial mistakes you wish you would have avoided?
Which was the greatest moment in your life?
Should I live a just life?
What has made you suffer the most?
Is it wrong to want to be someone else?
Why does it take 50, 60, or 70 years to learn from experiences, learn the purpose of life, or regret our mistakes?
Does success mean money? How do we know that we are taking the right steps to be successful?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
What secret could ruin your life?
If you could go back to 19, what would you tell yourself?
What were the best things/blessings you received from life?
What was the most frustrating thing that ever happened to you?
What's your big mistake in your business life?
What is the best advice you would offer someone who is approaching 30?
What did you expect from the person who is very special in your life?
When there is no hope in life, and everything becomes meaningless, what is the one thing that can restore one’s faith in life?
What are the things you learned that were the hardest?
What is the most horrible thing you have ever done, or the worst of humanity you have witnessed in real life?
What is the point of animal life, and from this, what is the point of human life?
What do you expect to get out of your place of worship today, encouragement, a meal, a life lesson?
What decision did you make, when you reached a crossroads in your life?
What do you still deeply fear doing no matter how many times you've repeated it in the past?
Is it a mirage that being at the top of your field gives you both a feeling of success and happiness?
What will you regret in life by not being yourself and not working hard enough (wasting your time, being satisfied with what you're doing)?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
Have you ever done anything you have regretted?
What lessons have you learned in your early 20s?
Is it possible to mess up from one careless mistake?
What should you not do to succeed in life?
Is it good for us to make mistakes in our life?
Why is Islam so screwed up?
What is the most important tangible thing in your life?
What is the one thing you regret saying to someone?
What are some of the most surprising things that have arisen from the internet culture going mainstream?
Where can I learn about how to apply what I know to enhance my life?
How could I get rid of this messed up life?
What are some pieces of advice to help a young married couple get ahead financially?
What does success mean to you and what decides success in our life?
What's the best thing I can build with things bought from Poundland?
What has happened to you or someone you know which is a good example of a blessing in disguise?
How do I become wiser in life, and how do I accept things that are out of my control?
How many times can a person be forgiven for making the same mistake?
What is the trick to successfully changing my life?
What life lessons can we learn from the Vedas?
What has been the most surreal moment in your life so far?
What words have impacted your life the most?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned in your student life?
What should I start doing in my 20 so that I have nothing to regret at 40?
Can you recall a moment you wished you had photographed or videotaped?
What is the worst thing about being a project manager?
How can we live a useful life?
What is the one thing you wish someone had taught you earlier in your supply chain career?
What are some undeniable facts about life?
What is the one mistake in your life that you've done that you don't want others to commit?
What kind of life do you want?
Would you ever repeat the biggest mistake you've done in your life?
When did you realize you're successful?
What is it like to lose employment and go back to staying with your parents?
What are some things you wish you knew before becoming a freelancer?
What has been your biggest obstacles in life, fitness, and relationships?
What are the lessons learned from past earthquakes?
Have you ever ruined someone's life to such extent that they have gone insane to retaliation?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell a new investor?
Given that there is no life after death does this make life more meaningful or less?
What is one piece of advice you would give to the younger generation?
What is the most random and exciting thing you have done till now?
What have you learnt from engineering?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you and doesn't even know it?
What lessons can the UK learn from the USA's experience with white flight?
What were some radical changes in your life that totally changed the way you looked at it?
What is one thing you learned from your martial arts instructor that you consider priceless?
Why do people fail to understand the importance of life and give up due to failure?
How have you used thought to manifest things in your life?
What is the craziest thing a client has ever done a healthcare worker?
How can you best absorb the advice given by the school of life?
What is something you wish you had?
How much do you think is it important to have a life coach or a mentor?
What are the things we must give up to be successful in life?
What is the thing (or things) you think Microsoft should learn from Google?
What are the real life lessons we learn from the story of Karna in Mahabharata?
What life lessons would you want your son or daughter to know if you died?
What are some of the best lessons you've learned as you founded your company?
What is the hardest thing you've done that you never thought you could?
What is some useful knowledge that snake keepers wish they had known when they were beginners?
Have you lost something that was important in your life, and then later on realised that it was not really important?
Can this person teach the Trump Administration a lesson?
How can I learn to be strong again without needing any needs met in return?
What are the worst things about life as a medical student?
How does one optimize for a life where one never lets anyone down?
What has your last relationship taught you?
What's one thing you would change about your high school experience?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you and you deserved?
Is there any person in your life about whom you think that he/she has spoiled some part of your life?
How has social validation ruined your life?
What is a small mistake you made that you remember to this day?
Have you ever had a "why did I do this" moment?
What is a piece of advice you would give to a college sophomore?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Has anybody's life been ruined by masturbation?
What are the life lessons you learned and would like to share from IITB and IIMA?
What are the biggest mistakes that doctors and nurses have made in their line of work?
Do you think many people in their waning years regret or worry that their life may not have mattered in the greater scheme of things?
What are the things or behaviors young siblings learn late in life?
What kinds of things are there just one of, in all the world?
What was the most spectacular thing you have seen with your friends?
Do some people get old & wish they had done something else with their life?
What's the saddest thing you've overheard?
What are some tough things no one wants to hear but may need to?
What quote/s from a person has/have made a great change in your life, and how?
What did you understand after meditation?
What is the biggest mistake you made that no one ever noticed?
Is my life's worth measured in marks?
What are the book(s) that you wish you had read when you were 17?
What do you do when you have to make a hard decision that can change your life?
Which motivational story changed your life?
When was the moment you realize that accounting is right for your future?
Which is the one sentence that changed your view about life?
Is there anyone whose only dream was to become a doctor but failed? How did you bring your life back on the track?
What have you derived from your life so far or life in general?
What are the mistakes Ravana made, other than kidnapping Sita?
What is the smartest piece of advice you have ever gotten from your child?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
What is the worst thing you have done when you were religious?
What's one thing you've done that you'd like to erase?
What life lessons can one learn from Vinod Khanna?
I'm looking to create 'real-life safety tips' for different sectors. Do you have a story around a scary situation faced at work? What are the lessons learnt?
Do you easily accept your mistakes or no?
What is the importance of safety in Physical Education lessons? What do you do when a student gets injured during a lesson?
How do I get over a huge mistake I have made in the past?
What is that one thing you wish to change in your life?
Any skills that a teenager can learn that will get them some good bucks and lessons in life (experience)?
What is everything in life?
What is the most humiliating thing anyone has ever made you do?
My life is terrible, nothing is going my way. Why is my life suddenly turning bad and what can I do to stop it?
What is the cost of one mistake?
What’s it like when you realized that you don’t speak like your were taught in school?
What is the most important lesson you've learnt so far?
What are your top 10 rules of life?
Have you ever done an action or made a decision which made you happy but negatively affected someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally)?
What mistake from the past have you learned never to repeat again?
Which incident in your life embarrased you the most?
What do you consider the most important part of physics that you've learned so far?
Did I make a mistake by quiting my job​? I left my job yesterday & instantly realized that I made a mistake.
What's the worst thing you have done to someone you care about?
What is one piece of advice regarding studies you'd like to give me?
What is something new you learned about yourself recently?
What would the best version of yourself look like?
How can we know what to do in our life?
What is best thing you have for others until now?
What are the small things that make a huge difference in our life?
Are physicians able to appreciate life more than others?
Who/what was your inspiration as a child? What did you want to do with your life? How has that changed as you've gotten older?
What is the most problematic thing in life?
If you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger self to do when you were a kid? And why would you tell your younger self to do this?
What is the best lesson learned from your special needs' child?
What things should I consider if I wish to start vlogging?
What is the most important lesson you learned from your ex-love?
Are friends with benefits lessons of our life?
What's the most important lesson you learned in the past five years?
I can't hold on any longer, every moment of my life is a torture. What can I do?
What life changing realization have you come to from traveling?
What's the importance of smartphones in our life?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
What are the interesting things to do in life?
If we realize our mistake , is punishment necessary?
What are the most important lessons you've learned about business and tech throughout Wikipedia's history?
What has a hamster or pet rodent taught you about life?
How do I make my life easy when a lot of problems are going on because of some past mistakes?
What is the best business advice you've ever received or given?
What must I do in life?
Why don't most Christians regard religion as an important thing in life?
What life lessons have you learnt from driving?
What are the mistakes you make as an engineer after getting an education, and how do you avoid them?
How make my life simple from hectic?
What was it like for husband’s watching their wives go into labour? Can they describe the experience and what they learned about their wives and themselves?
How do you attach such less importance to wealth in your life?
How can we design a program, using which we can intellectually grow 20%-30% annually, especially in the age of twenties?
What is the best thing you've ever learned from YouTube?
How do I to stay dedicated on one thing for years?
Why do I feel that the best thing that ever happened to me in my entire life is going to work?
What life, philosophical and ethical lessons can we learn from the TV show "Vikings"?
What good things can you keep in your mind to live a life?
What is that one thing that you believe is true and nobody agrees upon?
What are the three most awkward mistakes of your life?
What's the most unfortunate thing that has ever happened to you?
How old are you? What do you think you learnt a little late in life?
What would be a thing which you would like to change about yourself if given a chance?
Do you ever regret being a father?
How has your life changed since the first time you used Quora?
Any incident in your life where you applied presence of mind and it worked?
Do people learn from their mistakes or do they keep making the same ones?
What's the one thing you wish you would have known about living in London?
What is something you wish existed earlier?
What's one mistake you feel you made as a parent?
What is the most saddest situation in your life?
What do you wish you could tell someone, and who do you wish you could tell?
How can music change the life of a person?
What lessons should one learn in the 20s to lead a financially successful life?
How important is it to experience failures in order to become ultimately successful?
How do I do something big in life?
What is the most illegal thing you have done in your life?
Why are physcians regretting their career?
How do you go back to being your younger self?
What are the most difficult decisions in life?
Have you come to know that you are wasting your life?
For harmonic oscillator potential, in the classical case, we say that a particle can never go beyond turning points because the velocity beyond the turning points is negative and makes no sense. What is its significance in quantum?
What are some tricks that you have learnt accidentally?
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
What are the best things to download from you tube?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
What are the best things to do with the love of your life?
What is the one thing you do and most people don't?
What is the hardest thing in Buddhism?
What is the most BS thing happening in India?
What advice did someone give you to improve the quality of your life?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
What's the unusual thing that ever happened in your comment section?
What are some of the happy moments in an average lifespan that make life worth living as a human being?
If you could change one thing about your closet, what would it be?
What is the best you learnt from the internet for free? How did it change your life?
How do I teach a bad driver/rider a good lesson so that they realize the importance of public safety?
How has a PhD been the best decision you’ve made?
What are the things that people realise too late?
What is the most insane thing that you've done to your teacher?
What is the nicest thing your boss/superior has done for you?
Do you regret your college decision?
What do we want to learn from life?
What are some things you can do in high school to help you later on in life?
Should I still regret for failing JEE even after a year? What if I had all the choices through my life and had made every decision bad?
How would your life change if you never saw your own face?
What are some tips for NEET UG 2017 that you wish you had known earlier?
What has been your biggest mistake ever?
What is the most unfortunate event that ever occured in your life?
Why do we remember some special moments of our lives?
What was an instance in your life where you realized that words have consequences?
What should you do if you had a screwed up life and it isn't getting any better?
How have you handled your toughest days in life so far?
What are the things that you have done, but can't accept that you had done that?
What events in your life made you less trusting of others?
What should people learn in their life at least once even if it’s painful?
What does Daniel Craig teach us?
What one item from your past do you wish you had kept and not thrown away?
What is that thing that you realised recently you were doing wrong all your life?
What is the craziest thing someone could possibly do?
What is some advice about life that you'd like to share?
What is that you avoid the most in life?
What life lessons can I learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the greatest thing that your pet has taught you?
Do the little things matter?
What should one never do in one's life?
How can I hold myself to a standard of excellence in every aspect of my life?
What are the 2 things that only your parents can give and no one else?
What is the most life-changing event in your life?
What​ is that one small thing that makes your life "worth it?"
What is the one thing in life that is very important, but that we ignore the most?
Why have I developed internal hatred towards women in general?
Do you think people will ever learn from the mistakes of the past?
What were some of the most useless policies ever?
I almost passed out from stress because of a lesson my teacher did. Is that considered too far for a lesson?
What is one thing you want to do but probably won't?
What is the most underestimated thing in life?
What is the saddest part of your life you never told anyone?
What are the biggest mistake in India?
In regards to Islam, do you agree "a busy life makes prayer harder, but prayer makes a busy life easier"?
What would a trans person say was the most important thing that they learned during their transition?
Is admitting mistakes and misjudgements something that a polician should or should not do?
What should I do to be a strong-willed person who can manage his life perfectly and never fail?
What's the most important thing in a relationship, so that it will last for ages?
Do you have any regrets to tell?
How can we develop strong moral values?
What are the greatest regret when last breath comes?
Why are there a lot of things that I don't understand in life?
What's one recent thing you've done that's worth writing down here?
What's the smartest thing you've ever seen someone do?
Which thing is mostly imported in Assam?
What have you learnt from the book "Dream With Your Eyes Open"?
What was something that someone said or did that has changed you forever?
Have you ever gotten a rude awakening about yourself that humbled or humiliated you?
What is some advice learned over a career that can help juniors?
Do you regret your love, and why?
Does early speaking lead to fossilized mistakes?
I know I am not living my life to the fullest because of my insecurities w/ my body, but can't bring myself to workout due to laziness. What can I do?
What is the biggest mistake you made in electric circuiting in your laboratory or projects?
What hiring mistakes arise, and how do you fix them?
What are some business tactics which are learnt only by experience?
What are the most important things that Islam has taught you about life?
What is the best life advice you have ever got?
What is your ultimate pleasure in life that you know will never happen or you don't want to happen?
What is that one thing you were so scared to do, but did it anyway for good?
What is the most surprisingly cool thing your parents did?
What have bankers learnt from demonetisation?
What do you regret most that you wish you had done during your IIT preparation?
Which is the best and never forgettable moment in your life?
How do I overcome bad experience in life?
What is the most useful advice anyone ever gave you?
Have you ever said something to your mother that you regret?
If you could do over any part of your life, which would it be, and why?
How do I recover from a bad experience in life?
Where is the best place to learn SQL 2016 via short lessons and drills?
How do I learn and understand thing perfectly by theoretical and practical?
What is the one thing that you have learnt while traveling & that has helped you in your business?
I made some really big mistakes unintentionally and I can't enjoy life anymore. How can I move on?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you in a relationship?
Is graduation a must if you want to succeed in your career or in life?
Are there any webpages like Udemy which teach statistics lessons?
Can one dollar change your life for the better?
What should one do if they realize that the mistake one made can never be rectified?
How beautiful is your life?
What is the most reckless decision you've made that had a good outcome?
What makes a person make the same mistakes over and over again?
What was your best school lesson?
How do you deal with/handle a partner who keeps reminding you of your past mistakes in a marriage relationship, despite having changed your ways for the better after realizing the mistakes you made?
Why do people think they have right to regret on something they decided?
When you were a kid (ages 8-12) did you ever get into a fight? What was it like? Did it hurt? What lessons did you learn from them?
When someone is trying to get their life back, what is the most important piece of advice you would give?
What would be the life lessons learned at an all-girl private school/college?
What is life worth living for?
Is being happy the most important thing in life? If it is, why do I find it meaningless? Is that all that life can offer?
Should we have compassion toward people who make one mistake over and over again?
Why is it so hard to learn from others' mistakes?
What should one do if they have no more interest in life at the age of 24 years old?
How did I allow everyone to ruin my life?
What are the top three things that a person should value in life?
What would you most like to change in your life?
What is one thing that you wish people understood about you?
What do you want to do with your life?
Are there any examples of crackpot physicists who later realised their flawed thinking?
What is it like to fail and rise up in life?
What should one do if at the age of 50 you realise life has been a complete waste and you have been a complete failure?
What is important and essential things for living a life?
What are the things that you learnt from your professional life?
How do I get over something that I deeply regret?
What are the simple rule of life to be successful?
Has anyone tried suicide and failed but then learned a great lesson from it?
Which on earth is the truth, we can succeed in life only by learning from success stories or only by learning from failure stories?
What have you learnt about yourself from being in love?
What are some real life lessons Code Geass teaches us?
What are the mistakes we often make on resumes?
Why do intelligent people have fewer or no friends?
What is the most valuable thing in the IT field that is worth learning and will not become obsolete (and can be "sold")?
How did you spectacularly mess up your life and how did you recover from it?
What are some great and important lessons that you have learnt from a book?
How does Awdhesh Singh handle criticism in his life?
What's one job you would never want to do?
What life lessons did you learn from the recent Jakarta election result?
When dealing with contractors, who pays for their mistakes?
What is the most immoral thing you ever done your whole life?
What's the most gross thing you've ever seen?
What is by far the best thing to ever happen to you?
What was the most violent thing you have ever seen?
What are the mistakes people make when trying to understand everything?
What lessons should be learned from Dear Zindagi (2016 movie)?
What is the best advice you got from your customers?
What is the most negative force you have ever experienced?
What is the best thing you’ve experienced in Coimbatore?
What thing do you regret the most from your high school years?
Why do people exaggerate things about their life and boast them? When do they realize being real is more important?
What are some hard lessons that you learned that you would tell your younger self to avoid doing?
What are some of the most powerful context framing questions or models that have affected real change for you in any avenue of life?
What lessons did you learn the day you left your college?
What are some good habits for a person who is happy?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in high school?
Why should I not shout at and abuse the people who irritate me?
What is the one thing I need to do to change my perspective in life?
What is the single most important thing for taking your life to the next level?
Do you ever wish that you would stop contemplating so much about life and be more productive to the world?
How can I change my life around and attract greater things?
What mistakes have you learnt from your first home, apartment, or plot purchase?
Did you ever get in a fight when you were a preteen kid between the ages of 8 and 12? Did you learn a lesson from fighting? What did it feel like? Did it hurt?
What is the biggest burden of our life?
What are the most powerful life lesson you learn from Jackie Robinson?
Why shouldn't you regret?
What is worst step of your life?
What's one piece of business advice you wish you had gotten when you first started your lab?
How do I get over regrets and live in the moment?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in college?
What are 10 things that you should definitely do before turning 30?
What is the most stupid thing you have done to cover-up something?
Why are all of my friends so selfish that they forget about me, when they have new people in their lives, or when their lives get better?
What was the most powerful experience of your life?
How can I top in my life?
What is the best karmic lesson you have learned?
Why are we taught useless things in school instead of things that will actually help us and are important?
What is the best lesson you have learned in your life yourself?
Is it normal to regret not doing the JEE, when I had the chance to do it?
What are things one should do before 20?
Does everyone have problems in life at every moment?
What is the best thing you came across today?
What is the nastiest thing you've ever seen while traveling?
What's the most important thing you've learned in growing a business that you wish you knew sooner (something that you won't learn in school)?
What one thing do you want to undo from your life?
What ​is the most innovative thing you've done to get a random friend to talk or chat at some boring place like the airport?
What do you wish you had the time and money to try?
What was the most unforgettable customer experience you've had that changed your perception of life?
What's the most naive/misguided business decision you have ever made?
Are you happy with your life? Are you doing what you always wanted to? As a child, did you dream of a similar lifestyle or a different one?
What is the best thing according to you about being a part of Quora?
Do people really like the ones who do/try more but may make many small mistakes than the ones who always follow the rules and never make mistakes?
What's your one piece of advice you want to impart to the world?
Can a person change anyone’s life forever?
How do you feel about your life so far?
How do I have no regrets in the future?
What is the best way to complete the journey of life?
I feel I have so many regrets in my life. What should I do to forget those regrets and improve my present life?
Have you ever felt that one decision has completely changed your life?
Why did Lena Dunham ruin Hannah’s life?
What is the one thing that you wish was thought in your school apart from academics?
What is the experience of going on a self date like?
What is the most interesting, unexpected thing that has ever happened to you at work?
What are good things that I should know about life/friendship that will get me far in life?
Do US universities have lesson-like classes for undergraduates? I.e. not just lectures and tutorials, but actual lessons like in school?
What are the most important lessons you learned from the military?
What are the things we need to do to make our lives better?
What is the one thing in life that you value the most?
If you are given a chance to change one thing in your life, what will you choose to change?
Have you ever had a reason to regret having shared personal things about yourself on Quora?
What is the stupidest thing you've done during your childhood?
Why is it important to learn from the best?
What are some pieces of advice on choosing IBDP subjects?
Have you ever regretted asking someone for help?
What were some hurtful things you've said to your parents which you regret saying?
Teachers: What is the worst lesson you've ever taught?
What is your life's rule?
What is one bad piece of advice that you have received?
What are most intellectual things in life?
Of all the things in your life, what are you most grateful for?
Have you ever risked your life for someone elses?
Do we use what we have learnt in the university at the workplace?
What is the most rigged thing you have ever seen?
What is that one thing you want to do but you really can't do or it’s impossible to do?
Who changed your life for the better?
Do people regret not writing their thoughts down?
What you have done up to now to satisfy yourself?
Do you think that accepting things that you can't change has helped you in your life?
What were the things you wish you knew during your first year at UT Austin as a transfer student?
If you had a second chance at life, what is the one mistake you will never make?
What are some things that I should experience while I am young that most people miss out on?
What is a piece of life advice you always thought you had understood, but never realised you hadn't until you did?
What one thing do you wish that you had done earlier in your life, because now it’s too late?
Which are the most important things you should do, when migrating to the Cloud?
Looking back on your life, what choice are you most glad you made?
How can I get over making embarrassing mistakes all the time?
What's the one thing you regret even today?
How do you react when you realize you've made a mistake?
What are the best things to learn from Radhika pandit about life simplicity?
The most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline. Do you agree?
What lessons have you learned?
What is the most hurtful mistake that you commited in your life that you regret till date?
What do you know now that you wish you had known when you were 18?
How can I get an insight on things like Awdhesh Singh?
How can we prepare ourselves to deal with the unexpected phases of life?
What is the greatest vacation you have taken and what lessons can you take from it?
What is the most soul-satisfying thing you have ever done in your life?
If life is said to be so short, how does someone live it to its fullest?
Were you ever distracted in life?
How do I make it in life?
What is the golden advice which you learnt in your friend?
How do I take decisions of life faster and better?
How do I teach a proper lesson to the mad honkers on the road when I am pissed off?
What things would you change in you life, if you later realise that Allah doesn't exist?
Name one anime that really changed your views on life forever?
How do I deal with the mistakes I commit as an article?
Is it true that success has no meaning, when you don't have people around you to share your happiness?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
Is learning lessons online from dating coaches like Adam Lyons helpful?
If you could fix one regret in life, what would you fix? Would it actually make your life better, or are you the way you are because of it?
What is the best thing you have done for yourself this year?
What is the most humiliating thing you had faced in your life?
I learned my lesson from the past but why am I still bitter about it?
Why can't I learn from my mistakes? Why am I so ignorant?
What is the most random thing you have ever written?
What are the best things your jobs have taught you (i.e., skills, determination, etc.)?
How has your life changed since you joined LiquidHub?
What is one thing you did to hurt or tease another person and now really regret?
Have you ever regretted doing something you shouldn't have done or something you didn't do which you should have?
What does death teach us about life?
What is the best advice given to you?
What’s one thing you keep losing then replacing (such as an umbrella)?
What can you do if you don't have anything in your life?
What naughty things have you done in your life?
When in your life did you profoundly recognize your human frailty?
What are the five most important things in life?
Why is it the negative things in my life that drive me towards success?
What is your biggest achievement so far in your life?
When were you the boldest in your life and unexpectedly got what you had never imagined?
What classes, internships, certificates, or experiences do you wish you had explored when you were in college?
What is the creepiest thing you have ever experienced?
What life advice would you go back in time and give to your 15 year old self?
What are the most amazing life lessons you have learnt while traveling somewhere?
What is something that you regret and have had stuck to you for so long?
What is the most shocking incident happened in your life?
Did you regret having a home birth?
Is there anyone whose life has been ruined by religion?
What is the one thing one should do when there is nothing else left to say?
How would you completely change your life in 66 weeks?
What is a big lesson you have learnt from relations?
What life lessons have you learned from playing table tennis?
Do your parents teach you lots of things that cannot be learnt at school?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
What's been the most daring act in your life and how did it change your perspective of life?
What advice would you give to your younger self just about to sign the mortgage contract on your first home?
If there was one physical thing you could change about yourself, what would it be & why? How has it affected your life for the worse?
If I want to write poetry, what are the most important things I have to learn?
What are the mistakes of your life?
Is race the best predictor of life success?
What are some things you wish you had known about investing 10 years ago?
What's the rationale behind going to school when life's greatest lessons are learnt on a day-to-day basis?
What are most important things while blogging?
What is one thing you worked hard for but never got?
What are the 3 biggest learnings you wished you knew when you started FundBox?
What did you do to your parents that you never regretted you did?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
What is one thing that happened today that you really want to remember 10 years from now?
Have you ever done something out of pure pleasure and then immediately regret it?
What does Awdhesh Singh think about the secret of a happy, healthy and peaceful life?
If you get a chance to relive a moment of your life to correct or undo something. What would it be?
What are the top 5 regrets of life?
Can a person change when they did unforgivable hurtful things when they were younger?
What did you learn yesterday about life?
What important lessons has life taught you?
What’s the most important thing to consider when choosing a writing collaborator?
What are the worst Disney lessons taught to kids?
What is the difference between a happy ending to an event in life and a victory at the end of an event in life?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever done in your college life?
What are the things that one can change in life?
Who changed your opinion on something you firmly stood for previously?
When did you first realized that life is not fair? How did you respond to it?
What are the best breathtaking moments of your life?
If you could go back to and relive the most difficult emotional crisis of your life, how would you have handled it better?
What are some sources of news about business, business's life, lessons from business?
What is the best parenting tip observed or learnt from a celebrity?
What things can Kashmir learn from Assam?
What is one thing that everybody should do once in a lifetime?
To those of you who didn't go to university/college, do you feel like you missed out?
I'm turning sixteen in about a fortnight. What are the best things I can start now to continue the entire year and improve my life exponentially?
Do you feel that certain events are happening twice in your life?
Have I made any mistakes in this fact-based video?
What are the main things to do before we settle in our life?
What are some life lessons learnt from Charlie (Malayalam) movie?
Do you ever regret being single for a lifetime?
What were some essential lessons you learnt in your twenties?
Since I was made to last forever, what is the one thing I should stop doing and the one thing I should start doing today?
What's something you regret not saying?
What is that one thing you remind yourself everyday to stay positive?
What's be best chess advice you ever got? How did you use it?
What is the most valuable advice your parents ever gave you, that worked?
What is the most unexplainable event in your life?
What lessons can be learned from the Juicero debacle?
Is there really such thing as a useless major?
What would be that piece of advice you would like to give to an Odisha people?
Life teaches us two things: You can do anything and you are nothing. How do you interpret this lesson of life?
What mistakes can I avoid during college?
What is the single most valuable legally carriable item in plane?
What is the most regretful thing you have done to your car/bike?
If there is a box labelled "Success" and you are asked to put something relevant in that box, what would you put in?
As an Odisha boy or man, what would be the one piece of advice you'd want to give to an Odisha girl/woman?
What are the three hardest things to say?
What is the worst incident of the IPL 10?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
What is a mistake that you've always repeated intentionally, and why?
What mistakes do you wanna forget the most?
Should I regret opting EI over EE?
What is the worst piece of advice that you can give someone who is heading into high school?
In life, which is the most important stage?
Do you believe "To be successful in life, do at least one thing a day which you don't like"?
What’s the worse thing you can tell a guy who slept with you and sees you as useless?
What is the worst thing you have ever seen in the medical profession and did you ever regret your career choice?
What has been your most interesting day in life so far? Why is it so?
To what extent is what we learn in CPT helpful in real life?
What language learning will change your life?
What are those simple things everyone should know on dealing with success?
What is one thing that living beings cannot imagine?
When things get hard, what is the best way to persevere?
How do you become more important in one’s life when they are committed?
What are the things that only experience or a colleague will teach you?
What was your biggest failure in life? How did you overcome it?
What is your story of how you changed your life for the better after 30?
What was the best thing you have ever seen as a marine?
What should I do in my life that will make my life more interesting?
What are some financial decisions you wish you made when you were younger?
What’s something you wish you had?
Is there anyone who regrets not taking Science in 11th?
What is the most heroic thing you have ever seen someone do for their child?
What's been the most rash act in your life and how did it change your perspective of life?
What is something that everyone should be taught?
What is one thing you would want to do if you had 1 day?
What lessons have you learnt from your failures?
Is change important? How do I convice someone to change (thoughts and views on life)?
What is the most important thing or matter that approaches anyone to do anything?
Does one realize anything new about life after turning 18?
What is one thing in you which you don't like?
What​ has Quora taught you so far?
Which was the biggest awe-inspiring moment of your life so far?
What one device would you recommend to others that would change their lives positively?
Why is it better to regret something you have done than something you haven't?
Why do people fear situations and regret it later?
Has anyone regretted being a girl?
What are the incidents that made you think that life is not fair?
What has been your biggest mistake as an construction estimator and what have you learned since then?
What are some important things in the world that need to be done?
What's one thing you decline to pay for?
The bonding between the molecules of Mercury’s matter has not broken until now due to intense heat from sun. Why has it never happened before now?
What were the seven mistakes that the sorting hat made?
Why do terrorists do bad things? Why can't they understand the value of life?
What has heartbreak taught you?
What is the most paradoxical thing you have seen or experienced?
What is the biggest disappointment you've had from a loved one in your life?
What are some lessons a person should learn in their 30s?
What is the most important thing you have learned in life?
How can I get lessons to learn to drive very fast?
What lessons have you learned from your favourite sportsperson/sports team in India?
What if death isn't a bad thing after all and could be the best thing to happen to a life?
What is the most important thing to do in order to maintain peace in life?
What is the best lesson you learnt from a teacher?
Why does life become screwed up just as we are about to complete engineering?
What is one health scare that made you change your life for the better?
Who is the greatest teacher of life?
What are some things you wish you knew before starting your program at HEC Paris?
Could anyone love someone with crossed eyes?
What is that one thing that makes Quora special to you?
How do you prepare a lesson for classroom teaching?
What's one thing you want to see before you die?
What is one thing you had to buy but have almost never used?
Which character from any anime or any comic book helps us to learn life lessons?
How do I deal with severe and consecutive failures in life?
What are some quotes that have changed your life?
What is the worst thing about the Panimalar Engineering College?
What are the things that make difference in professional life?
What is the one thing you liked about the Hotstar web series Tanhaiyan?
Are there any mistakes you're making over and over again?
To the people seen as successful, what is one thing about your life that would make me realize that you're more or less like anybody else?
What decision do you regret most that may be changed in your present?
Is it wrong that you want to be so many things in your life? Is that possible?
What’s your biggest regret?
Why does everyone try to make life very difficult? Life is very simple.
Which was your beautiful moment in life?
Have you ever left a job and changed your life? What is it like?
What was your biggest mistake while teaching and why?
What's the best life lesson you learned?
What is one thing in economics that would be useful throughout my life?
What is that one thing which you want to let it out?
Which incident in your life made you think about the arrival of the "KALYUG" Era?
What have your dreams taught you about yourself?
When is the time you finally realized that you had to grow up?
What quote has changed your life?
What is one thing that made you decide not to take your own life at the last moment?
Is there a particular incident where you beat your child and did NOT regret it later?
How do expectations ruin our life?
How do you get over your mistake when it follows you?
At what moment did you realize/feel like you were old?
What have you learnt from Mr. Bean?
What are the most important things one should know or learn?
Is it true that the mainstream mathematicians generally appreciate only what had been taught to them, but fail to learn any new contradictory ideas?
What are the leadership lessons from this story of two generals?
What can we learn from the people we hate?
What are some "moral of the story" have you learned from Disney stories?
What failure changed your life?
Why do we make our life so complex?
Will your looks ever help you in life?
How can I ruin someone's life who's cost me total financial lost?
What is the best (as in, life changing, well said) single sentence you've ever said out loud?
What are girls mostly mad at in their life?
Is there a person you regret not talking to?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
What is a simple everyday delightful moment you have had recently?
What was the most important lesson you learned from your father?
What should a person do if it feels like life is not worth living anymore?
What lessons can other franchises learn from Fast and Furious?
What will happen to me if I keep on thinking bad incident in my life?
What is the biggest mistake of Nokia and Motorola for its downfall?
Did you ever have a perspective/bias that you later realized you were wrong?
How does it feel when your life changes all of a sudden?
It is said that the Turks were only able to conquer India because Indian rulers failed to stand against them. What lesson did we learn?
What have you learned from nature?
What are the most joyous moments of your life that have made life seem worth living, despite despair, disease or loss of loved ones?
Do you ever regret having children?
What improvements would you like to make in the existing Internet architecture? What would be the most important things?
If you were given the opportunity to change one thing about your life, what would it be?
If you could tell your future daughter what you’ve learned throughout your life, what would you say?
Is it worth risking your life to preserve art?
What impressive thing have you done that no one saw?
What is the one thing you don't like in the IT industry?
What is the most important thing in life?
Is there anything you miss and regret?
Why is this world so screwed up?
What is the tragedy of your life that change you completely?
What's the most valuable life lesson you've learnt on Quora?
What are the biggest mistakes made by the most successful people in their past?
What are the things that you wish someone had told you about instead of having to learn about it on your own?
Should people boycott United Airlines to teach them a lesson?
What's behind the mentality of one man made a mistake, now everyone has to suffer for it?
How is life beautiful?
Have you ever planned a large-scale operation? What lessons did you learn?
How can I live life to the fullest and love myself in the process?
Has anyone ever regretted going into engineering?
What kinds of thoughts can change your life?
What are the things in life you wish you knew earlier?
What did you learn from your MBA life?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
What is your best advice for turning losses into wins?
What one thing would you use to symbolize yourself?
What purchase have you regretted the most?
Have you ever faced death? How did your life changed after that?
Which is the one thing that gives you hope for life when all you want to do is die?
Which signature has changed your life completely?
How do I change my life at age 27?
In one sentence only, what has been your biggest regret in life so far?
What thing have you done so far in your life that has given you immense pleasure?
My actions/prayers don't seem to have impact to what happens in my life. Why is this contrary to what is being taught in Gita?
What are some of the hardest and most embarrassing lessons you've had to learn?
What does this mean "Letting you go when I had you was the stupidest thing I've ever done"?
What are some entrepreneurial skill you wish you had earlier?
What is one valuable lesson you have ever learned from having a pet?
What is the one thing that you want to see changed in Patna, which can be brought about by technology?
Who is that one person that changed your so called 'life'?
What is the most significant lesson you learnt from Srimad Bhagwad Gita that you will never forget?
What can I learn now that can save my life?
What are some things in life that if once failed, they can never be tried again?
Based on your own experience, what is the one thing you would ask your child to do differently in life?
I regret becoming a parent. How common is this?
What is the biggest thing that changed the way you see the world?
What is the best thing ever happen in your secondary school?
What are the best things you have learned in neurosciences?
What is something that you wish you never had to learn on your own?
What was your loneliest moment in life?
What is the biggest thing you have had to persevere to get through or to obtain something?
How do I teach him a lesson?
What is the most significant success of your life?
What is the importance of life?
What is one thing students wish they could change or address?
What is worst thing you have come across in life?
Why did you never do anything amazing with your life?
What is the single most important lesson learned from your mother?
How can I teach a lesson to my GF who always takes me for granted?
Should I regret choosing a B.Pharm as a career in India?
Which topic made changes in your life? In which way?
What are some good pieces of advice that most Indian college students are not ever likely to hear?
What do you want from your life? Have you found any answers yet?
What is the hardest thing to get good at?
What are some real life skills that one can learn from Friends (the TV series)?
What are things we've learned from history?
What things have changed in your life recently?
What are some things that you learned from your friend?
What is the best thing that one can do for his family?
How do you know that people realized their mistake?
What are the best things you have learned in psychiatry?
What are some of the things one must not do in life?
What is the most absurd yet creative thing you thought of when you were a kid?
What​ is the most vital yet small things we miss to do in life?
What are the consequences of revenge?
Who was your worst friend who gave you the best lesson in life?
Which is your hardest secret till now?
Which bad incident in your life eventually turned out to be good?
What is something you wish everybody knew?
What is the most extreme thing you have done to save a relationship?
What is the best thing to do when you just genuinely enjoy nothing about life?
What is the most valuable lesson you have learned?
What (one thing) do you do that you think everyone could benefit from doing?
At which point in your life did you realize that life is unfair?
What role did Balaji Viswanathan's parents play in his success and fame? What parenting lessons can we learn from them?
What moment seemed to bring your life to a complete standstill?
Will Srilanka be able to teach lesson to Tamilnadu for creating problems in their territory?
What are the most important things one should do in his/her college life?
What are some tried and tested life lessons that you want to teach the world?
If you have been attacked, mugged, etc., what lessons did you learn from it?
What's the meaning of 'the world you seek to undo your mistakes is different from where they were made'?
Wondering what life is really all about?
What is one thing that experienced bloggers wish they had known way back in the beginning, when they first started?
What's precious in your life?
What is the most pretentious thing you have ever heard someone say?
What life lesson would have completely changed your life if you knew it earlier?
Can bad events lead to good outcomes in life?
Have you ever regretted not opening up yourself to those you cared for?
What are the best way to teach lesson to stone-pelters in Kashmir?
What is your biggest mistake in school life?
What is the thing that surprised and astounded you the most?
What has living for over 20 years taught you about life and the world you live in as a human being?
Have you ever done something that you should regret, but that you did not regret?
How was your life when you were 21?
What is the big questions that philosophers have been asking for centuries?
What piece of advice should be given to a 23-year-old lad who wants to explore the world?
What has happened to MS Dhoni? Why does he look dejected in IPL 10?
What is the most stupid thing you've done and still regret to this day?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done that everyone admires?
What has been the most deadly moment of your life?
Did you ever help anyone and then regretted it?
As a beginner, what are the most important things you should achieve in life?
If you only had one final minute of your life, what would you want to do the most?
What lessons have you learned from your relationships?
What prayer has changed your life forever?
How do I apply the lessons I read in the book Freakonomics to daily life?
When was the last time you felt stuck in your own community/city? What did you do to overcome that?
Do you believe on the people who share their unordinary life experiences (stories)?
What is the one thing you cherish above all?
What is the most idiotic decision you ever made?
What do you know now that you didn’t know then?
Have you ever met someone who has changed your life?
What was one thing that you did that no one expected you to do?
What is the hardest decision you have made and also you are proud of it?
All of your life, your parents have taught you. What have you taught your parents?
How do you maintain your patience, and can you relate that to any of your life incidents?
Should you allow yourself to make mistakes you can avoid because you think you'll learn from them?
Would you teach me something you wished you had learned in school or at university?
How do I convince my friend that love is not the most important thing in life?
How do I change my life situation?
What one thing or action could make up for any mistake?
What is a life worth?
What is the most life changing situation you have been in that you think will be helpful to others?
What do you think is the most important turning point in your life?
Should I listen to my heart or brain?
Why do I always get hurt?
Have you learned something important from life?
Has a teacher changed your life. How?
What is the thing that makes your life, this earth, worth living?
What mistake do you regret the most?
What has been your most valuable lesson in learning philosophy that you would teach students who are just beginning their philosophy studies?
What can we learn from Judas Iscariot?
What is an example of an essay explaining “the most important lesson of my life so far”?
What is the thing you should be pursuing for the long life and the short life?
What is the worst thing to happen in B.Tech life?
What is the one thing in your life which has absolutely no financial or social value, but you still pursue it ardently?
How do I make big in life at the age of 28?
What life lessons are to be learnt from the story of The Pied Piper?
What are the best memorable incidents of your life, that you never forget?
What is one of the most important One Life Hacks?
What are the craziest/worst things you have done in your life that you want to confess?
What is the best lesson you have ever learned in your life experience?
Can you mention one such piece of advice given by your friend, that has helped you come a long way in life?
What kinds of things do you learn from a bad breakup?
What is the greatest thing you have ever learned?
If you could wish for only one thing, what would it be? Or what do you wish you didn't do?
What is the best privilege you ever had in your life?
If you were to give me one life advice based on YOUR life experiences, what would it be?
Did you ever regret helping someone?
How does one deal with regret letter for an opportunity you wish you had?
What are the things that make your life colorful?
Whose life is the most important?
What was the best advice you ever received on being productive?
How long is the previous enslavement of our ancestors relevant for in a personal way, and not just as a lesson from history?
What is the most painful thing you have ever experienced in your life?
What is the craziest mistake one can make and how does one stop the guilt after the mistake? It's eating me up.
What are some good advice for roasting someone?
Who is the most disgraceful person in your life?
What are the most wonderful things happen in your life?
What tips would you give to your younger self?
What are some life-changing stories?
What is the kinkiest thing you have ever done, seen or heard?
Which things make your life beautiful?
What is more important, to struggle or to live a peaceful life?
What is the best professional advice you have ever been given?
What have you learned from the movie Captain Fantastic?
What are some regrets that Iraq War vets have, and learned a lesson from, that they would like to express to aspiring soldiers?
What do you wish you would have learned in art school?
What is the coolest thing you just learned how to do?
I regret nearly every decision I have made in my life. I have wasted so much of my life. How can I make decisions that will help me reinvent myself?
What is the smartest thing you have done that changed your life?
What is the one thing you would like to change about this world right now?
If life give you a chance to go back in past, what is the one thing that you would like to change?
What is the worst thing you overheard?
What was the ugliest fight with your dad, which you regret now?
Should I start caring less and being indifferent in order to be happier?
Is the best way to succeed in life to be completely average?
When did you regret your words the most?
What are the some life changing stories that changed your future?
What facts have you learned about life? What has life taught you?
Why do people don't behave nice with you even if you are kind and polite with them?
Should past mistakes be left unsaid?
What is the most toughest work in life?
What are five things that you have learned from your family?
What do the CSE students learn during their first day in college?
What are the 2 years of your life you want to undo?
How do memories of past failed relations affect your present success/failure in life?
What was your most life threatening experience?
What are some important things one should learn before entering the drilling industry?
What is one thing you wished you'd known in your high school years when applying for scholarships?
If you could have one wish, what would be the weirdest thing that you would wish for?
What is the hardest thing you've had to accept about yourself?
What is a piece of advice you would give to a future teacher?
What are some beautiful conversation on life?
What thing do you care most about in your life?
What abilities do engineers wish they had had before going into the workforce?
What is the best thing about life to you?
Have you ever had a life-changing experience? What happened?
What is the most realizing moments (genuine facts) in your life?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
Which book or speech or any incident has changed you completely?
Is it true that most wonderful things come into our life unexpectedly?
If you could snap your fingers and change one thing in your personality, what would it be and why?
How can I learn to accept and be content with the fact that I may never be successful in life?
What is one small thing that you do that has changed your life for the better?
When can India teach Pakistan a lesson?
What is the coolest thing you ever learnt?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
What is your own experience on 'failure is not final'?
How do you figure out what to do with your life and not regret the past?
Is it beneficial to sit in a garden for a couple of hours and just watch life pass by?
Can you describe your life experiences in just one or 3 phrases? What is your advice for young persons on the route of business and practical life?
What's the most useful or useless advice you ever received during your appraisal interview?
What is the hardest thing done by mankind?
What is one thing that you learned about the human body and its intricacies that absolutely blew your mind?
If you could tell your younger self one advice, what would you say?
Does securing backup mean you’ve already assumed failure?
Do people actually learn from their mistakes? Do a lot of people tend to repeat them throughout life?
When was the moment you realized you were a horrible person?
What is the one thing that would make you take someone's life?
What is the best piece of life advice you could give a 90s baby?
What turning point in your life do you wish you could go back and do over, and why?
What was the most pivotal moment in your life that you were acutely aware of? What would you have changed about it, if anything?
What should people know before turning 30?
What are some of the most irrelevant things you learnt in school?
What's an experience that changed you?
Is life worth living when I'm a heartless dick?
Have you ever felt that being honest was your biggest mistake? If yes, why?
When did you realise that money is the most important thing in life & nothing else matters in front of it?
What struck you as you got older as an 'ah I get it now' about your younger self?
Why is it so hard to do the little thing that would improve my life?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you in your life?
What’s your favourite photo?
Which incident made you an atheist?
What are some of the life incidents that taught you the great life lessons?
At what point in life did you realize that it was time to give up on something?
How can a girl change your life forever?
What are some of the things that cannot be learnt online?
What was one narrow escape in life you can never forget?
Which one person shaped your life?
What is the one thing that you want to do but couldn't because of your circumstances?
What changes have you made in your life using will power?
What is that one incident with government employee of your life which you solve with using technology?
Are there life hacks in surgery?
If given the option, what is the one thing you'd want to experience vicariously and why?
What fact of life do you find hardest to come to terms with?
What is the thing you’ll do as the last thing in your life?
What is one thing you should never go cheap on?
What are the most important things in your room?
How do I have and remember my intention for everything I do in life?
What is the worst piece of advice you see being given in your field?
What one thing could I do to enjoy life indelibly?
How do you do things in your life without your parents knowing?
Are there things that are built to help your life, but only make it more difficult?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What was the most important conversation in your life? How would you have changed without that talk?
What is the worst thing that happened to you when you overslept?
What is the best thing in life, according to you?
What is one thing you did out of sheer curiosity and regretted doing a few moments later?
When times are tough, what is the best advice you have ever heard?
What is life? How should one live it ? What should one seek for in life?
If you want to change one thing you did in 2017, what would it be?
What are the best experiencies of life?
Is it worth it to study for an exam for 4–10 extra points?
What if you make a mistake consciously?
Which moment in your life is the most memorable?
What are some of the ways people live their life to the fullest?
How do you know when life is teaching you a lesson?
Why don’t some people like seeing others succeed?
What's the one thing that you never get bored of doing again and again?
What are the best advice about the life one can give?
What advice would you give your younger self about his future?
What does death teach us?
What are the best experiences of real life?
Do you think life is precious/valuable and why?
What is the smartest thing you did when you were a child?
What's one lie you wish you hadn't actually told?
What is the one thing you wish you had done in your teenage years?
What is the living unit of the living beings?
Which book has taught you the most valuable lessons?
What's the difference between “lessen” and a “lesson”?
What is the one thing you wish you had been told when you were younger?
Which incident made you stronger?
What is the worst piece of advice you have taken from Quora?
Is “Killing toddlers is dope” a good thought or a bad thought? Why?
What insight has affected how you see the world the most?
What are some of the biggest mistakes one does in his twenties?
What life lessons have you learned from poker and chess?
What is an example of a big failure in your life?
What is the one thing in your life that you have no will power/self control over?
What are those 3 things that screwed your life?
What is your most regretful moment and how has it changed you?
What one piece of advice from a random person changed your life?
Which was the saddest point in your life?
What are the things which you wanted to do and you did but regretted later on?
What are the things you wish you knew before becoming a home chef?
What is the most inhumane thing you've ever seen?
What is the wisest thing a kid have ever taught you?
What can you learn from people who are different from you?
What was the one thing you were warned against doing but did it anyway and what happened as a result?
How do you apply things you observe and learn in future instances?
How has keeping a diary/journal changed your view towards life?
What is the most miraculous thing that has ever happened to you?
How do you accept failure?
What A Level do you regret doing?
How can I devote every single moment of my life to God?
What's the best example for "Burning your bridges"?
Have you ever tried to copy someone so deeply that it changed your life?
What was the worst verbal insult you have ever taken in your life?
How do I prioritize in life?
What have you done that you immediately regretted?
In a world of a monotonous, comforting life, and with a hedonistical self-accepting point of view, I want to experience hardship. What can I do?
What's the meaning of life if you lose the most important person in your life?
What have you learned from Quora and implemented in your personal life?
What is a fundamental flaw in how most people see the world?
What things make you feel incomplete even when you're at the best of your life?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
Should a person be happy if he didn’t reach his goal even though he did everything possible to achieve it?
Why is marriage being popularised as a very big mistake in life? Is it really so?
What can we learn from Singapore?
What do you wish you wanted in your life?
What are Indians’ “must do” or “at least try once” things in life for entertainment?
Do you have a startup failure story? And what did it teach you?
Like humans learnt walking, eating or holding things at some point in time, what and when was the latest thing they learnt about themselves?
When I do Maths slowly, I tend to make mistakes, but when I do it very fast, I don't make any mistakes, what's the reason?
What are the good things you get in life that you think you do not deserve?
What were the system failure/root causes for the Piper Alpha disaster, and what lessons can be learned from it?
What do you think is the best thing ever?
If you had one penny for a wish, what would you wish for?
What is the story of your life so far?
Why does nobody tell you that you may regret having kids?
What are the top 3 decisions you regret making in life?
What is the best buy you've ever made with one buck, that changed your life?
What should be the top priority in everyone's life?
What is the one thing you surely want to tell people?
What could you do when you were younger that you can't do now?
What is the best thing that happens to you when you are lost?
How do we wait for the things which we want from life?
How important is a library in your life?
Can you do just one thing, or are side effects inevitable?
If we don't regret about mistakes we make then are we careless and failure?
What’s the best thing you have ever done for the society?
Is there any one who see any mysterious things in their life?
What is the best 'like a boss' moment of your life?
What are the things we must do before turning 20?
What are the importance of learning and determining the course of a person's life?
What positive lesson can you take away from MS Dhoni from this IPL season 10?
What is a piece of advice that you wish somebody had told you before life taught you?
What has being a runner taught you?
What are the most horrible things at PUMBA on which one would regret after taking admission?
I have ruined my life. Is there any way to recover?
Is there any moment in your life of which you can remember every sensation?
What are you doing now that you will regret in due time?
What are some powerful life lessons?
Which is a minor event that happened in your life but which impacted your behaviour in a big way throughout your life?
Have you ever ragged someone and regretted it later?
What is the one thing I should know about in my life?
How should I fix all my mistakes (read details)?
What is one piece of advice you would give for 18-24-year-olds to get the most out of life?
What is the one thing that undermines the whole thing that’s going on in Quora?
How can I get over this regret of my life that I made a stupid decision of choosing a wrong college?
What has been your best life experience having to deal with romance?
Why do some people do not regret when doing something bad?
What is the most motivational piece of advice out there?
What needs to be done if your life is screwed?
What do you regret not doing in highschool?
What is your favourite quote that has changed your life?
Why do I make more mistakes, and how can I overcome this?
What is the hardest thing to open?
What is the best Japanese thing ever?
What is the best thing you ever overpaid for?
What advice can you give to someone, who has lost interest in everything in life, to distract himself?
Do you have any big regrets?
What's the nicest thing your brother has done for/to you?
What are some useful skills that can be learnt in two weeks?
What is the life lesson you want to share?
Have you ever helped a person on the road in a medical emergency? What are the top three things you thought were the most important in such a situation?
How do I become good at life?
Why don’t people understand very basic and simple things in life?
What are some examples of two things being, in fact, only a manifestation of one thing?
What is the worst thing your boyfriend does to punish you and give you a lesson to learn?
What are the best lessons you've learnt from dating books?
If you were to change the age at which you experienced a life changing adversity, would you want to experience it earlier, later, or no change at all?
What are the greatest life lessons that Quora taught you?
How do we learn to forget regrets of past lives?
What is the one thing you wish people understood in Overwatch?
How can I stop having the feeling that I am missing out on things in life while working in a boring job and trying to achieve my goals?
What is the biggest thing you have taken inside of yourself and how long was it?
What would you write in a letter to your 25-year-old self?
What is the cleverest thing you've done, without realizing it?
If you could tell your elder self one thing, what would it be and why?
What occurence changed your life?
If you could go back in time, what is one piece of advice you would give your 25 year old self?
To learn English, what are the important grammar lessons I have to read?
Describe something your own which holds a precious place in your life?
What is the best lesson you learnt from a person you love the most?
What are examples where two things are only a manifestation of one thing?
Which is the most unpleasant thing that ever happened?
What are the important life lessons that your father taught you?
What is the most important thing one should follow to become the most important person of a country?
What is the best lesson you have learned in life?
What are some Life-learning lessons you learn from others?
What is the most valuable business lesson that a business owner can learn in India?
How can I end my absent mindedness and my immense potential to do silly mistakes everywhere?
What have you learnt from your own travelling experiences?
What is the most savage thing that you've ever seen?
What is your biggest regret in your college life and why?
What happens if you don't succeed in life?
Have you ever wanted a thing and after getting it, wished that you never had it?
How can things change?
What's that one important thing that you've realised too late in life but will still help you in the future?
If you were granted one thing free for your lifetime, what would you choose?
Why are we not learning from past mistakes but repeating the same mistakes again and again?
Is there any one thing in your life that you could never change your mind about?
What is the biggest lesson you've learned since becoming prime minister?
What is your most regretful thing you have done in your past life?
What are some important life lessons that can be learned from Phil Knight?
What behaviour did you ignore about your partner that you regretted later?
What's the most dumbfounded thing you've ever heard someone say?
What one lesson do you wish you learned earlier in your professional career?
What are some foolish things human beings do only to regret later?
How can we face the trials & tribulations of our life with courage?
What was a moment you knew you screwed up?
What's the one thing you realise you should've known when you were 18?
What is one thing that only an excellent teacher knows?
What inspires you to live life to the fullest?
What are some important lessons in life that only a boyfriend can teach you?
What are a few lessons learned in life?
What are some of the things that you should do before turning 50 years old?
What are the best things that introverts have experienced in their lives?
What is the most successful thing you buy On the internet ?
How do you respond to “I was spanked and I learnt my lesson”?
What is the best thing I can do out of college, to have the best life possible?
What are some of the darkest love lessons you learnt?
What's the biggest small mistake you've ever made?
What is the most valuable thing in life: turning the mind onto the present moment or going on a journey of imagination?
We are always told to "learn from mistakes" or "not be scared of making mistakes". What would you define as a mistake to learn from or embrace?
What is the hardest thing to understand about life which we must at least try to grasp?
What is one thing you wish you knew 5 years ago that you know now?
How did you lose your best friend?
What was the mistake you had commited for which you never regretted?
What was the most terrible incident in your life?
What is one thing that only an excellent doctor knows?
How can one turn around their life, if they've been average?
What is the best advice you got when you lost all hopes in life?
What one thing do you wish you had known about life when you were in your 20s?
What is one thing that makes you special?
What is 1 incident in life which you have not told anyone about but that you want to share on Quora?
How did you manage the regret of deciding to have kids?
What have been your favourite things about turning 30?
What is the best lesson your father taught you about buildings?
What event has greatly impacted your life?
How can I live my life to its fullest without getting jealous of others?
What was your first earning in your life?
What is your greatest failure and what did you learn from it?
What life lessons have you learned in your engineering?
What is the one thing which you’ve never shared with anyone from Banglore?
If you could change one thing that you did in your life, what would it be?
What life lessons have comic books taught you?
How can we make life interesting, without someone you like?
What do you think are the most important things the Canadian tech industry needs?
What are some important lessons that you learned from your business failure?
What does an awesome life look like to you?
What are some of the same things that each and everyone has experienced or faced in their life?
What is a book that no one has heard of but changed your life?
What are some incidents that competely changed the way you see life?
What should I do, I had screwed my life?
Do all geniuses succeed in life?
What are the things you've learned only by doing?
What are some life changing experiences you had after your breakup?
What have been the worst things about turning 30?
Have comic books ever taught you life lessons?
What is the worst thing that could happen to somebody besides death or illness?
What is your first failure? What did you learn from it?
Did you ever regret attending a certain college? Why?
What are the most valuable lessons you've learned from starting four companies?
What are the things you wish you knew while you were pursuing CA?
I know you can screw things up completely and destroy all you have worked for, but how can you ruin your entire life?
Can anyone give me reasons that life is worth living?
What event changed your life most dramatically?
What is one important lesson you tell your children that you could share with us?
What is the new thing you learnt today?
Is there any engineer who regrets their decision of not taking a drop?
What are some life realizations that are made after turning 22?
What is the one experience that changed the way you look at life?
Why do most of us feel jealous of other people’s fame/success? What important lesson does this feeling teach us?
What is the best thing your state’s government has ever done?
When did you first learn that life is unfair?
What is one thing that only an excellent dentist knows?
Is the hydrogen lesson important for the NEET?
Morgan Evans: What do you regret the most in your life?
What have you learnt from working at KFC?
If you could give a short lesson/advice to someone about anything of your choice, what would you teach them?
What are the few things that you learnt on Quora?
What is one thing that only an excellent cook knows?
What makes you realize life is beautiful and interesting? Do you experience each and every moment of it with full involvement?
What is the best way to spend my 20-day-long holidays, so that afterwards I don't regret missing out on any fun?
What is the best thing that happened to you on Erasmus?
What lessons can we learn from Iron Man and Captain America?
What are some things you wish you knew when you wrote essays in college?
What is some life advice for a 17-year-old or something you wish you had known or experienced in your 20s?
What are the things important to make our life wonderful?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
What type of thinking must one have to get the most out of their life?
What are things you didn't do because you thought you can't do? But later on you realised that you could have done it?
If you can abolish one thing, what is it?
What will be taught in a beginner drums lesson?
What has been your worst, yet pardonable, mistake as a doctor?
What is some of the best advice you have received or advice you have given regarding how to take care of yourself? What helps you cope in general?
If you could be extremely skilled at one thing, what would that thing be?
Have you ever burned a bridge and never regretted it?
How do you stop ruminating over bad events and experiences in your life?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What is the most insightful video, quote, or advice you have seen or been given in life?
What are the best life changes you’ve experienced?
What was that life-changing moment when your views towards society were changed?
Would you prefer landline days vs now?
What could be a life-changing experience?
Had there been any incident when you decided to admit mistake to parents after big mistake. How did it went?
What is that moment in your life that you wish the time could stop at?
What was the most useful thing and the least useful thing you learned in school?
Does life get harder?
How well can you lead if you never admit your mistakes?
If you could tell your future daughter what you’ve learned throughout your life, what would you say? And how would you say it?
When banking is heading towards full fledged digital interface / automation, what is the one thing you wish it should have?
What was the hardest study schedule of your life?
Are lesson plans in teaching really important? Why don't we let the lesson flow naturally?
What is the most weird thing in life?
Which incident tested your patience most in life?
As a doctor, what is the biggest mistake that you've made?
Is my life ruined if I fail to complete engineering in four years?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What life event or decision motivated you to pursue your degree? Do you regret it or not?
Is there someone who has given IPS a preference over IAS? Don't you feel you've made a mistake, at a later point of your life?
Do you recall the first mistake you made in trading/investing? What was the lesson learnt?
Is there anything you regret about your transition?
Have you ever cheated someone? What did you have in mind? Do you regret it?
What is that one thing you want to repeat in your life?
What things do you never want to change about Odisha?
What little but important thing did you learn today?
Why can't experience be taught?
What is the thing that can change your life?
How should I accept the fact that the only thing I want in life is not mine to take?
What is the most difficult part of your life and how did you face it?
What was your craziest act in life?
Do you think you have the most devastating life and why?
What is an act of racism that you've committed for which you deeply regret?
How do I get my life back together?
What are the bitter facts about a successful life?
What are some inspirational parables with moral lessons?
Does Akshay Seth make mistakes in investing, and can he share them often?
What are the biggest mistakes and myths you see in Java programming?
What are all the things you will do if you have one week left of your life?
What's the worst piece of advice you were given as a new artist just starting out?
What is that one thing which keeps you going?
What was the before-and-after event of your life?
What are 10 easy things that can change your life?
Is there any way to come out of regrets?
Have you learnt any science on Quora?
What is the worst thing you've ever done that you got something good out of?
How can science be learnt?
Do you think millennials have been raised and taught for failure?
How can I keep from getting overwhelmed and just live my life with no regrets or ill will?
What real-world skills do you wish you had been taught, but weren't?
Have you ever regretted joining engineering?
What are the most essential things in our life?
What is one thing you wish you did instead of someone else?
What is it about turning 30 that seems to almost completely change women's perspectives on themselves and life?
What does it mean to “live life to the fullest”?
What does the world teach you?
I often hear the phrase "live your life to the fullest". I can’t help but wonder: What is a full life? And is there a singular example of it?
What is the most shocking thing someone has shared with only you?
Which books teach us NLP?
For what things are training and experience useless?
Is communication the most important thing to get a job? If yes, then how do I improve it?
Do we realise the importance of failure?
What is that one thing or memory you would like to change from your past?
What is your biggest regret? How it affected your life?
Have you ever held anyone responsible for your mistake?
What was the worst purchase you’ve ever made?
Which are the quotes which changed your life completely and made you think twice?
What was the biggest facepalm moment of your life?
Who has the biggest regret, personal or professional, since taking office?
When was the moment that you wished you could remember what you'd been taught?
What are the most important things to comprehend and put into action in your life?
What is the worst mistake done by a Freemason?
Is life worth living after 30?
What's the most valuable lesson your father taught you?
What is the worst and the best thing about life?
What is the most amazing/unique thing about you?
What is the biggest mistake that a big Indian company has made?
What are the best things to learn from German people?
How do I deal with big changes in life?
How can we find and analyse our mistakes?
What is the thing to do in your life when you have just started working?
What is something really small that happened to your life that changed it forever?
Can you share one mistake of your life which you don't want others to commit?
What simple idea completely changed your life?
What's the best piece of advice you can give me as a 16-year-old?
Why we don't learn life lessons by our parents?
What are life facts?
Is it easy to perform and accomplish things when there is little or no expectation of you?
What is the one decision you regret the most, if it went wrong or very badly?
What are the main takeaways from your expertise/discipline(s)?
What do you think is the hardest thing to face when trying to be productive regarding your business?
What is something you regret doing as a kid?
What was the best thing someone ever wrote in your yearbook?
What advice would you give to someone who rarely fails in life?
What are the things or points one must remember in life (e.g., ambulance number)?
What are some good excuses to not show up at my tennis class, which is every Friday?
For those of you who have had successful psychotherapy, what lessons did you learn?
Why is it that I regret almost everything that I have done?
What if I made the biggest mistake I have made in my life?
What lesson should we learn about the things that defy our logic?
When nothing seems to work out (in life), what is the one thing you look up to?
What's the best advice someone older then gave you?
How many chances do we get to build a good relationship in our lives?
Which one is better, studying the previous lesson after class or studying the previous lesson right before learning a new lesson?
What is the one golden thing you want to do in life?
What is the most difficult experience you've coped with in your life? How did you overcome it?
What was the most important lesson Dr. Samuel Huntington taught you?
What is one thing you want to change about the world and why?
Has anyone encountered godly experiences?
If doctors could offer one piece of advice to people, what would that be?
What’s the most dangerous thing you could do?
What is the hardest deliberate change you've effectively implemented in your life?
What is the worst thing that can happen to mankind?
What are the most innovative things you have done when you were broke?
Why music is such an important part of our life?
Will any mistakes and regrets I've made in college matter?
What are a few things that we need to stop to succeed in life?
What was the worst grade of your life and how come?
What lessons from martial arts can people apply to the rest of their lives?
What is the strangest thing that I can do with my life while I'm about 20 years old now?
What is happening in life?
What​ is the thing that one cannot tell anyone?
What's the best thing someone could tell their parents?
Is there any incident in your life which made you laugh for more than 5 minutes?
What are some of the greatest life lesson teaching books?
How can I make the most of my life from now on (I’m turning 16 this April!)?
What's the most kind thing you've ever seen?
What is the most messed-up thing you have ever seen?
What is the best person to lesson in Human Development?
What is the one thing that you strongly believe?
How has daily, scheduled daydreaming benefited your life?
How did you find your reason to live?
What is the one thing that you want most?
What is your best positive innervoice that affected someone's life?
What would I learn from the army that I won’t learn by living a civilian life?
What are some of the things that I should do in my 40s to avoid regrets in later life?
What is it like to waste one minute and regretting it later?
What was one of the most defining moments of your life and how did it change you into a better person (if it did)?
What should one do in the ages 25-30 to not regret wasting those years later in life? I'm not just asking about money or work, but life in general.
What are the real facts of life?
What is the good stuff? What are the most important things in life?
I've made few mistakes to the one I like the most. How can I gain the trust back? The mistakes were unintentional.
What's the most pleasurable thing you've done and regretted afterwards?
What is that one thing that can change the world for good and how?
What was the most important lesson of your life that you learned from your grandparents?
What are the things we do in life only once?
How does life change post-college for popular college kids?
What was a major turning point for you that changed your perception of life?
What is one thing that you would do over if you were in college again?
How are hardships in life overcame?
How do you stay driven?
What are some things you wish you knew at college graduation?
Why did my grandmother mistake the word life for why?
What should I do to live life properly when I don't have any educational qualifications?
Have you ever said or done something to your child in anger and then later regret it?
What are the qualities that one can learn from a father?
What was the defining moment that confirmed to you that meditation was making a significant difference in your life?
What was the single most important thing you learned from your parents?
If you could go back in time and give yourself one piece of advice as a web developer, what would it be?
What are the big mistake a person could do in their fifties?
What are your thoughts on Tony Robbins?
What things, in general, are normal for a person to have in life? For those with an abusive childhood/life, they did not learn such things.
What situation that made you change in your life?
If you could only choose one, would you rather find a cure for death or work to make life more worth living?
If you had to choose only one thing you were capable of doing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the most important thing you could do right now in your personal life?
What have you recently done for the 1st time in your life?
How do I get over the regret of catfishing someone?
Is it possible that your real mother could wish that you don't succeed in life?
Do some people achieve things "late" in life?
What are some strange and unique observations you have made about yourself, your life or life in general?
If a person treats you unfairly how can you make him realise his mistake without doing the same to him?
What are your biggest regrets that you did and didn't do during your youth?
What do people regret the most once they turn 90?
What's that one thing you never regretted about?
What is one thing you wish you had?
How do I get started in life?
What is the best thing you have given to your parents?
What absurd thing do you wish your dog could do?
What was the turning point of your life, and how did it change your life, either negatively or positively?
What is one thing about the world beyond the classroom that those who were educated in Singapore wished they had learnt at a young age (aged 7–12)?
What was the single most important thing you did to build your business and increase your profits?
What does the phrase " we learned our lesson" mean?
What is the biggest lesson you have ever learnt about relationships?
How do you shut off your business life from personal life?
How do I stop focusing on the bad things in my life?
What are some good things that can be learnt (see description)?
What are those moments in your life that made you choose a superhero as your inspiration?
What should be the most important thing to all above eighteen years of age?
Has there ever been a moment in your life when you wanted to give up?
How do I deal with the regret of not having an open attitude all these years?
What are the things I should learn from Bhagwan Shiv?
What was the worst occurrence in your life?
How can I teach a lesson to my mother, who is always not following my rules?
Which type of girl is suitable for an introvert guy?
What was the one thing that turned your life on its heels?
I am 22 years old and I really regret everything I did the past 6 years. How do I get rid of this regret?
Why is it bad to avoid making mistakes?
If we all change one thing in the world, do we end up changing the changes?
Who is the most important person in your life?
What is the absolute, most important thing in your life?
What are some things in life that won't change?
What is the biggest sin you have committed yet you don't regret it?
Why is it important to study the basic lessons in carnatic music?
What are some meaningful paths I can take in life that don't include college?
What is that one thing you want to tell everyone, but can't?
What are some best life hacks or advice you can give to a Kota student?
What are the few things in college life one needs to do to achieve something big in life?
How can school change your life?
Have you ever crushed on a celeb and regretted it later?
What is the grossest thing you've ever seen?
Why do men live and what makes life complete?
To date, what has been your most valuable failure?
Why do we have teachers teaching us if we have technology that can teach us instead?
What IS the GOAL of OUR life?
What is the most deplorable thing you have ever done?
What is that one thing you always wished for but can not grab even if it's in front of you all the time?
When was it time to make your mark, Time for your roar to be heard, Time when you began success journey and become who you were meant to be?
What is the most important thing that will happen soon?
What are the things you wish you learnt before joining IIM?
What relationship mistake do you regret the most?
What is the single most important thing for someone to remember for the rest of their life?
What’s the one thing you would like to change about yourself and why?
How much is dependency important in life?
What is the most confounding thing you've ever experienced?
What incident or set of incidents that happened in your life had a profound influence on you?
What are some of the dark lessons that life showed you?
What lessons can we learn from Pixar and other animated movies?
What is the most wonderful life lesson you have ever learned from your grandparents?
What is one thing that you think you knew or you were told when you were 10-13 years of age that would have helped you grow as a person or made you a better human being today?
Does God have any regrets?
Do regret having gone to college when you did?
What had happened that has given you the biggest rush of energy you've ever experienced?
We all have some old knots in our hearts which we want to untie. What's yours?
What ways can you use your imagination to your advantage?
What is the best decision you have taken in your life that has made you wealthier?
Which is that one big regret you always have and may be will never go away from your mind?
Why is it very important that you do your own things by yourself?
How do I start exploring different things when I don't know what to do in my life?
What life lessons do you find most important?
What are some important things we should learn about girls?
When did you realize how difficult and imperfect life is?
How do I live life to the fullest and be successful?
Which Hindi movie teaches you the best life lesson?
What's the biggest change you've made in your life? And how did you know it was time to make it?
Which kind of habits can ruin a student's life?
What is the most useful management advice you have ever received?
Why do I say or do weird things in the moment and regret them a few days later?
What one lesson should we take away from studying your life?
What was the worst thing you have ever heard about yourself?
I made a mistake while registering for MAT. So what should I do now?
What's been that one moment in your life till date that's changed things for the good or the worst?
What is the best thing one can learn out of his/her college life?
Have you ever experienced or witnessed 'the butterfly effect' wherein one small insignificant thing changes the entire course of your life?
What is a costly mistake by Jehangir?
What is the most surprising thing you've discovered about yourself in the past six months?
How can I remember what I learnt?
What is one thing you wish you would have known before entering graduate school?
What is the best thing you have ever drawn?
What are the worst things you can think of about mankind?
What is the most interesting thing you can do right now sitting in your own place?
Have you ever made the mistake of completely forgiving someone who did unbelievably harm to you?
What was the single greatest event that changed your life, and how did it change you and your life?
Can you share your experience of trying hard to become something in life but failed and now leading a life of mediocrity?
What event in your life changed you the most?
What is the purpose of expectation?
What have you learned from Rajiv Dixit?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
What incident, of which you had a role in, do you regret the most?
What are some things you have found to be completely useless and unnecessary?
Do you ever regret opening up to certain people?
What is the best thing that can happen to you?
What is the hardest thing you have ever resisted to in your life?
What is something you vowed to never do in life but you did eventually?
If you get a chance to correct just one mistake in life, what would that be?
What is most optimistic thing you have ever done in your life?
What are the chief romantic fallacies of life that are often painful lessons of our youth?
How and why did you decide to change your life?
What things does hostel life teach you that you would never learn from being at home?
What makes taking advantage of someone, and finding the platform for this, your main goal on the internet and the most important thing in your life?
What was the greatest turning point of your life and why?
Do you regret telling someone your deepest secret?
What is the most unanticipated thing you've learned from acting?
What is the worst decision you have ever taken but found yourself appreciating about it?
How do I get over regretting not knowing what I know now earlier in life?
Should I turn in the same work?
What is the worst management advice you've received?
I'm 19. How can I get over my life being a failure?
What is the best way to live a day to the fullest?
What is the most counterintuitive thing you've ever seen?
What is something you wish you'd have done or known before becoming a professional actor?
What is something you wished you had known before adulthood?
What are some important lessons of life that are to be learnt?
What are the most surprising or useful thing you learnt from Quora?
What is the most coolest thing you see in a life?
What is the number 1 lesson you have learned as a business owner?
What are some of the biggest mistakes you made when you first started managing people?
What is the that you did it in fun and now regret it the most?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What are the mistakes that everyone know but still they commits?
What has poor childhood taught you?
What is the most stupid decision you ever made in your life?
What is the best and most honest life advice you've given to a student?
What was your biggest management failure?
Was there one thing you came across/learned that drastically changed your life for the better?
What is one incident which changed your view towards life and made you a different person?
How can I change those things which I do not want to accept?
Why do most of my colleagues in the military regret most of their actions to me after they have been done?
What is the worst mistake you had made in life and if given chance you will definitely undo that. What we can learn from your mistake?
What are the hardest things that you faced in the initial stage of your career?
What important things you have learned from your children?
What mistakes have you made as a manager and how have you learned from them?
Have you ever regretted your decision because you were too focused on what others might say?
What has been your greatest pain point across the process of a job search? What was your greatest lesson learned throughout?
Have you ever missed out on a chance to help someone? Did you regret not doing anything afterwards?
What is something that you did in good fun, but that you now regret the most?
What is the one thing that never gets old for you?
Other than repetition and learning from mistakes, what advice can you give to be extremely good at something?
What are the things you never should do in Mumbai?
What 10 things must I experience in my life?
What is the one thing you struggle with the most when trying to be productive?
How do I say "I still have a lot of things to learn in life" in Japanese?
What's the hardest thing you've done this week?
Why is a degree important in life?
Can one not be in regret of having no girlfriend in life?
Have you ever given out a material thing to someone and the next time you see them rocking it you have regrets?
What is essential in life?
How many times have you failed? What did you learn from those failures? How did you manage to get through those failure and reach success?
What was the moment when you learnt to appreciate?
What is the hardest thing you have ever thought?
What's the most depressing event that ever happened in your life?
How do I fight with regrets?
If you were sixteen again, what life lessons, tips, tricks would you have wished you'd known?
What lessons from grad school ended up being most important to you in your career and work life?
What is the one thing in this world that is preventing you from killing yourself and why?
If you had to request one thing from Quorans, what it would be?
How did you realize who you were and what you wanted from life?
What is the stupidest thing you or your friends have ever done?
What are lessons that we can learn from “The Kings Speech” movie?
Do god's favorites have the hardest life?
What do you think is the role of patience in all the decisions of one's life?
Did you have a moment in life where you wished you weren't born?
Whose presence in life changed the way you look towards life?
What is the biggest challenge in your life that you ever overcame?
If you could guarantee one thing for tomorrow, what would it be?
What are the most inteligent things one can do?
What is the most important thing that happened in your life until now?
I've received three diagnoses that changed how I live my life. If you've received a life-changing diagnosis, what did you do? How did you handle it?
What values in your life have changed as you got older?
What is the only one thing that you prevent yourself to do but you want to do?
What are the 5 most important areas of life that people may need help with and why?
What is the most kind and meaningful thing you can say to a woman?
What was the hardest decision of your life?
If u wish to change two things in Olympics, what will they be?
What is the life changing truth you wish everyone knew about God?
As you reach the end of your life, do you wish you had more time, and are you afraid to die?
What strangest experienced you ever had in cruise ships?
What are some of the things that a person must experience in life?
What is the stupidest thing you have done after getting high?
What's the only thing scarier than one angsty teen?
Have you ever been stuck at a point in life where you have no idea about your tomorrow and no control over it?
What is the most useful thing I can do when I am 14?
What was the moment when you learnt to appreciate everything that surrounds you?
What was the most exciting moment you experienced in life?
What is the most important thing that you have done in life yet not at all boastful of?
What is the best thing do with berozgar-ness? How can I find my direction in life?
Do you regret going to college early?
How do you get your life back on track after a blunder?
What is the fashion advice that you wish you had known while you were young?
What is the best thing your country's government has ever done?
What's the one class or course you didn't take when you had the chance that you wish you had?
Did you ever learn some lessons from watching a movie?
What lessons did you learn from your failed business pursuits?
What is the best dating advice you have ever received?
What was the hardest thing you had to do and are still hated for it?
It’s my 18th birthday today. Whats one piece of advice you would give me?
What is the most depressing fact about your life?
If you had one regret about your twenties what would it be?
My friend said this to me. "I won't live a full life, because I will live my life to the fullest". I don't understand how that makes sense?
What life stage are you in?
What is the best purchase you have ever done in your life?
What are some of the things that a person should experience in his life?
What is the most important thing in everyone's life?
What would you say that you know, now, about living a happy and successful life that you didn’t know when you were twenty?
What was the worst decision your company made?
What is one life lesson one should always remember?
How can I prioritize things in my life?
Which five things do you want to change?
What are the silliest mistakes you have ever made in an exam?
What celebrity made the biggest life turnaround ever for the better?
What is the most regretful thing you have done while being high?
Is it really the mistakes that help us grow in your life?
What life lessons does the movie Duniyadari teach us?
What do you do with your life if you've made a mistake or had an unchecked assumption in orthography or grammar?
How can you be close to death's door, and regret so much all that you still never had time to do?
What’s the worst mistake you ever made?
Is life way more boring than we have been taught it is?
What moment in life did you decide to turn your life around and why?
What lesson can be learned from the short story Sonny’s Blues?
Why are we ignoring negative regrets in the regret-based algorithms?
Is Indian Matrimony market getting screwed up?
If you could relive one moment from your life before you die, what would it be?
What are some things you wish you knew back when you used to write literary analysis essays in high school/college?
What and all should be learnt as fresher in database?
What moment of your life made you think, “I hate the human race”?
What is one stupid thing you bought that you don't regret?
Some people say that they have had difficult or stressful experiences but they have learned important lessons from them. Is that true for you?
Do we learn enough from elderly people?
What makes life more meaningful and more enjoyable?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve done in your life and got away with?
Have you ever been at a low point, moved from one city/country to a new one and had your life completely change for the better?
Which incident completely changed your mindset and your life?
What is the one thing you regret most regarding your previous relationships?
What is the best thing you regret in your life?
What is the role of decision making in life?
One moment, where you find yourself hopeless in life?
What are some of the biggest mistakes in trading history?
Where can I find the best lesson plans?
What are the famous incidents in Mahrshi Dayanand Sarswati's life?
When will you think that your life is complete?
I’m worried. Will I waste my life and regret it when I’m older?
What positive life lessons did you learn from being with a narcissist?
What period of life is the hardest?
What are some things in life you have found to be astonishing?
What is the stupidest thing you had did when you were quite young?
What are some great lessons that we learn from Bhagwat Gita?
What should you do when you regret taking up an IT career?
What would be the one thing you regret not doing when you had the chance but you didn't?
How does it feel to have no close friends?
What are your lessons learned as an experienced Business analyst?
How do I keep a schedule? If I live with my parents and I'm constantly disturbed by them?
Can I have her back in life again?
What event happened in your life that changed it forever?
Is there such a thing called a slump in part of our life?
What small but very important thing of history do you think we don’t/didn’t understand correctly?
What was the most valuable item you were cheated out of?
If you are blessed with a boon that you can change 1 day in your life in history that will set your life in a different course, would you do it?
What are the lessons people learn from the Gita?
Have you experienced an intense and life-changing spiritual experience that has changed you into a new person?
Wouldn't things be so much easier if there were a better teaching method that we could actually apply to our life?
Why is it so hard to define the simplest things in life?
If you had a million dollars but had to use it all on one thing, what would that thing be?
What is the purpose of seeking human experiences and "living life to the fullest"?
What's your favorite question of all time?
How do you balance work/school life and social life?
What mistakes do people make when providing advice?
What is the most important thing to do for late midlife?
What is valuable knowledge/information that is not taught in school?
What are the things I should do to lead a great life?
How do you take time to notice the important things in your busy life?
What are the lessons learned as an experienced Project Manager?
What is one embarrasing moment you'll never forget?
What's are the most important things in student Life?
If you had to change one decision that you made in the past, at anytime in your life, what would it be?
What's your most absurd unusual way to get more confident?
What is the most important thing that you learned from schooling in Engineering?
What things in life made you feel life very short/long/slow/fast?
What is the boldest thing your parent has ever done?
What are some of the best novels about life lessons?
What are the things you wish you learned at age 18?
I made a big mistake and I feel that my relationship may be over. Is there a way to fix that?
How do I convince someone that it is easier said than done?
How can I learn the lessons in life?
What is the most regretful thing you have ever done that will haunt you until your last breath?
Which is the most hated photograph of 2017 till now?
What are the best pieces of advice you'd give to an 18-year-old person who wants to be successful in life?
What is the one thing you want to stop in society?
What's awesome about life, and what about life sucks?
What are all the things you wish you could change about yourself?
How can life change in 1 minute?
What should be the most important thing I should say to myself before leaving home in the morning?
How do I live life to the fullest, when I am so poor?
My life feels screwed. What should I do?
How do you make your mark in life?
What is your biggest regret from your childhood?
Is experience learned from pain more valuable than experience learned from pleasure?
How can I get past all these regrets in my life?
If you were an American progressive in the past, what life changing moment pushed you away from that ideology?
What are the most essential skills in life?
Why do I tend to ruin my life with stupid choices and usually do the opposite of what I should?
Have you ever gone against your parent's advice in taking your own life decision that completely changed your career?
What are the most important things in student life?
When your life is stuck in someone else's unresolved problems, what can be done to safeguard your own life?
What's a life lesson you take from George Washington?
What can we learn and implement from Chateswar Pujara in our office?
What is that one thing that you did today which made you feel proud?
Does God want us to live life to the fullest, and why?
What are the things we can or can't change?
What changes has Quora made in your life?
What are some things in life that have made you feel happy?
What are the little things that has made your life extraordinary?
By what age and what circumstances made you realize what you absolutely wanted to do with your life?
What are the things that only grandparents can teach you?
What piece of advice would you like to give to your younger self?
Do you think that Quora is a very important part of your life?
What was the hardest moment you had ever felt?
As I get older, what can I do to prevent looking back in regret?
Wht are some questions that made your life change?
What can people stop doing to make their life better?
Do you think education system is broken and kills creativity?
If you had only one wish, would you use it for yourself or for others? Why?
What should I do if I may have made a huge mistake at work, but I honestly do not remember if it was me?
How can a very responsible person admit to making mistakes?
What is the best thing that has happened to you in life?
What's the biggest reason why people don't achieve their goals?
What is the single best financial move you have ever made in your life?
What does Islam teach us about incest? What would the consequences be for engaging in it?
What is the most overrated thing you still do but don’t regret it?
What's the worst nightmare that changed your friend's life?
What can be learnt from this video with Bruce Lee that can be applied in everyday life?
Which is your best project or best stuff you have ever made in life?
Who is the one person who you think has changed your life and made it different to what it was supposed to be?
What has impressed you the most in your life?
Emotionally, what has been the hardest thing you have ever experienced in life so far?
What we can learn from cricket in life?
What surprising lessons did life and productivity coaches learn in their very first interactions with clients?
What is the most important and fascinating thing in life for people who have it all? Is it success or is it having a child? What is it?
What advice could you give or life lesson(s) can you teach to a 23 year old guy about life, dreams/goals, business and love or living in general?
Why don’t people with BPD ever learn from their mistakes in life?
Do you think everyone should accept others as who they are and try not to change things?
Which is the biggest mistake done by your maid/servant?
What is the one thing that you will never learn?
What can a 25-year-old male do when he knows that he has made a bad decision at a major point in his life? How can he overcome his regret?
What is the most important financial advise you want to give to your younger self?
What was the best advice you received as a student in a new country?
What advice would you give to a 14 year old?
What have you realized that really shocked you?
What situation makes one’s life more valuable to live?
What was your most memmorable experience in life?
What is the most regretful thing you have done in your life?
I broke my finger punching someone to try and teach him a lesson, but he appears fine. What should my excuse be in school?
What is the most innovative thing you have ever seen?
What one thing can you do daily that'll change your life at the long run? Maybe not immediately.
What are some good ideas for making life awesome?
What have you cultivated or extracted from the failures of your life?
What changes were made in your life by your parents after class 11th results?
What is an incident that happened in your life in which you were almost dead but got another chance?
Looking back, what would you do differently in your life?
Have your ever hurt someone? How? Do you regret it?
Is college worth it over other things in life, such as a love life?
What is the biggest mistake of a student?
What's the best thing you learnt in life that you feel made you a better person?
Can you name any genuine examples where travel changed someone's life for the better?
How can you make a life changing decision rationally?
What is the most important thing you have learned recently?
Is life only about being successful?
Looking back on Kaggle's journey from founding to acquisition, do you have any regrets?
What lessons can we learn from the Dutch election result?
If you got an opportunity to correct only one thing on this planet, what would you do?
What have you done in your life that you've completed?
What mean thing did you do early in life that still haunts you to this day?
What is the most awkward thing that ever happened to you in your life?
What life lessons does every man learn?
What are the things that you wish you could have had in your 20′s?
How can a bad experience in graduate school change your life/career perspective?
How do I simplify things in life and focus on what is important?
I want to send your children a new moral lesson to learn about each month. Would you subscribe to such a service?
What are some of the lessons you have learnt being an entrepreneur?
What moment of your life has made the strongest impact on who you are?
What is the silliest thing you had ever done which made your best memory for life?
What is one thing about college that you miss?
What are the philosophies/lessons you learnt in karate or at a dojo that you attended?
What experiences in your life have given you your best memories?
Is there any need to have a mastery of at least one thing in life to be an intellectual?
What is one thing you wish you could tell people who are not disabled or in a wheelchair?
What is the one thing you want permanent in your life?
What lessons should audiences learn on how to respect black people from the movie Get Out (2017)?
They say that “fools learn from their experiences, while the wise learn from history"; Do you agree or disagree and why?
I can't figure out what I would want to do with my life if I were to die tomorrow. Is something wrong with me?
How has reading changed your life?
Have you ever did something that almost destroyed your life, but you still don't regret it?
Why should we live our life to the fullest, when ultimately you won't remember doing anything when you're dead?
As a mechanic, what was the biggest mistake you made when fixing a car?
Have the worst things that life has put you through made you a better person who is glad that they had the experiences regardless?
If there is one thing ISRO can learn from NASA, What would it be?
What's your biggest regret from your teenage years?
What have you learned from your life experiences?
What is/are the best philosophies you’ve learned in your life?
What is the most important thing to do in your 50′s?
What is the biggest blunder in your life and you are still repenting for it?
What were the most painful words of your life?
Has there ever been a point in your life where you knew you had to change?
When you realise that you have put yourself into big trouble and now have to live with the guilt of not changing that in the past, how do you go about life?
What's the stupidest thing you've done to fit in?
When did/would/will you accept failure? (This is not a "When should I" question)
What's the most smartass thing you've ever seen your pet do?
Is there anything in your life which you won't share with anyone in your real life but would share on Quora using anonymity?
What is the greatest lesson about life that a child has taught you - intentionally or unintentionally?
Looking back at your university period, what are the peer group influences you regret or are blessed to have?
What are the single biggest mistake rifleman make and how do you avoid it?
What steps should be taken after traumatic events in life, when you cannot control your life?
Do your past actions and mistakes disturb you?
What is the worst thing that can happen if I give Messenger access to my pictures?
What is one thing you do every day to help you be the best you can be?
What is the best advice a boss/supervisor ever gave you?
Where can I learn online golf lessons in Kolkata?
How do you amend a big mistake that you've made in a relationship? What are the possibilities of them forgiving you?
Have you ever done something and then regretted it?
How can I stop looking back to the past and questioning why things in my life are suddenly better now?
What useful knowledge/things have you learned from anime?
What was the best decision you made during college that helped you succeed most in life post-graduation?
Have you ever wondered how different your life would be if one certain thing never happened?
If you have ever been taken for granted, has the other person ever realized their mistake or regretted doing that to you?
Are a lot of things we know about life just wild assumptions?
What central lessons have we learnt from the Orange Revolution in Ukraine, the Arab Spring, Brexit, Trump and all such populism?
Have you made plans for the end of your life?
What are the most useful things you've learned about US currency while traveling?
What is the most important thing in Christianity?
What are the relationships & connections between ignorance, experience and obstacles? Is most all of our adaptation learned from confronting the unknown?
Should I use vehicle caltrops to teach the trespassers a lesson?
Data resembles hieroglyphs in a way; can we avoid making the same mistake of rendering our civilization impossible to understand by future ones?
How can we make a beautiful life?
What do I do if I dont know who I am?
Have your ever thought of ending your life? What made you change your decision?
What is the greatest and the worst thing in our life for a human being?
What simple things yet have the potential to transform one's life?
Does god give us second chances to rectify our lives and the mistakes we have made?
What are some of your personal failures from which I can learn something?
What is the best life lesson that you have learned while traveling solo?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you at school?
What are the main moral lessons that we learn from the Bhagavad Gita?
What kinds of mistakes have you made lately, in recent months? How did you handle them?
What is the hardest fronted position in your life?
Do you wish you never married?
What is one thing that everyone should be grateful for?
What is most important thing a person should be passionate about?
Who is your devil? How has he/she put a spell on your life?
What are things you must do at least once in your life?
Is morality important to lead a happy life?
What is the greatest thing you achieved in the year 2016?
What's the worst thing you ever got away with?
What is the nicest thing you've done for a friend?
Were you ever in an accident that made your life better?
What are some little things that will change my life completely?
What are the toughest moments in a man's life?
What is the one thing that only could do it?
What was your biggest decision in school?
What is the biggest mistake you made that you did not tell anyone?
What is a one-minute hack that will be useful for your whole life (life lessons)?
Has anyone had ESP at anytime during their lives?
Is there any moment in your life when your parents are proud because of you?
Did FOMO ever make you take a decision that you later regretted?
What is the cringiest thing you have ever seen?
What is the best thing/person in life for you, that you would never ever like to lose? Why?
What are some things that people will surely regret after doing?
How can I teach him a lesson in a smart way?
Which was your first biggest mistake in your life?
What was the weirdest chance circumstance in your life?
What lessons did you learn - practically and theologically - from the religion you follow?
What lessons in life have you gained from literature?
If one agrees that the unexamined life is not worth living, at what point does the over-examined life become a problem?
What's the heaviest thing you've ever seen?
What is the biggest mistake that you have made and have thought about going into the past to correct it?
Why don't older generations like young people looking how they want at work?
As an absolute beginner, what should my lesson 1 be if I have to teach myself German?
Is there anyone out there who would take on an apprentice and (informally) teach them important life skills?
Why is life so fucking shit?
What is the best advice you have ever received on social media?
What interaction with one person made you change something major in your life?
How much more difficult is it to live life during a snowstorm?
What is the coolest thing you've ever gotten away with?
How can we form better deductive logic from our instincts in love and life?
What is the hardest period of your life?
What is that one impulsive thing you have done and will regret till you die?
What if a past mistake haunts the present?
Have you ever regretted having a tattoo?
What life lessons did you learn from the rich people around you?
What is some advice for someone turning thirteen?
What life lessons require generational knowledge to handle adequately?
What is the most important thing when we are going to be 30?
What are the top priorities of your life?
How do you change someone's life forever?
What is that one sentence said by someone that changed you as a person forever?
What was the stupidest thing you have ever done or said?
What are 7 things you wish you had known when you started investing your money?
What is the best thing you’ve heard a teacher say?
What is your biggest life regret so far?
What are some habits that one must develop to not regret in later life?
Children are more likely to follow what you do, than adhere to what you say. How has this scenario played out in your life?
What is it like to be apathetic? I do not want to do most things, and when I do, I wish I hadn't.
What are the best pieces of advice you can tell an 18-year-old from your life experiences? Especially related to friendships and social life.
How do I accept failure in life?
What person has truly made a difference in your life?
What are the things people miss out in life?
What's the most thoughtful thing you ever seen?
What are the best financial decisions you've made in your 20s?
Did Sberbank regret the decision of buying Denizbank?
What is so clever about life?
Why am I screwing up?
What one incident made you realise "it gets better"?
Do you have a photograph that changed your life, or a photograph of a moment that changed your life?
What are some zero investment ways to bring change in someone's life?
Which are spiritual lessons learned from Holi festival?
Can I gain a better experience of life by reading quotes?
What are you most afraid of till now and why?
What are the moments when you realized that your parents were wrong?
What were the situations in your life where you wish you could have taken the initiative but you were not able to at that time?
What is the one thing that freaks you out from your life?
What patenting mistakes can be easily avoided?
Has literature ever taught you a life lesson?
Given what you know now, what's the best piece of advice you would give your fifteen-year-old self if you could go back in time?
How do you know you are succeeding in life?
How does Assam’s most celebrated lawyer, Bijon Mahajan, approach a criminal case? What lessons can we learn from him?
Do you regret on something that ever if you would have not done that?
How did Snowboarding changed your life?
What was the hardest time in your life and how did you manage to push through it? What helped you believe in a better future?
If you were to start your life all over again, what are the things you would never do or that you think you would avoid at all costs?
What was a choice that you have made?
What are 5 things you can do and are good at and 5 things you can’t do and suck at?
What are the most valuable lessons you have learned as a programmer in the field of programming?
What are your regrets today?
If you wrote a letter to your younger self, what would it say? Please be appropriate!
How has a stranger greatly affected your life?
What are the life lessons one can learn from White Collar, an American TV series?
What is the one thing about your past that you wish you could change?
What was your first illegal mistake?
So what was the best thing you told someone today?
What are the top grammar lessons you wish everyone understood?
What is a rule of the universe or life you have learned in your life?
Do borderline folks make the same mistakes over and over but never learn from it?
What are the things about politicians that you want to change?
If you could do just one thing with absolute and total impunity, what would it be?
How do you change from being a consumer to actually producing things in your life?
What are the lessons you learn from a child?
What have you learned in life that other people haven't?
Are you competitive with others, with yourself, or not at all? How does this affect your life?
How do I ask better questions to get better answers?
What is the quickest move you made that saved your life?
Which lessons are learned from Leela Purushottam Bhagwan Sri Krishna Leela?
How do I give a lesson to an irritating landlord?
Whenever one fails in life, there is always a second chance. But if he fails again, then what should be done?
How can I turn my life around at 16?
What's the most interesting/shocking/amazing thing you have ever experienced?
If you personally strive to lead a life of purpose and intention, what is the one thing you struggle with most in this pursuit?
What's your one big regret?
What is that one thing that you enjoy the most?
How is it to live a life you don’t like?
What is the most important advice you've been given in your life?
Which was the right decision that turned into the biggest mistake of your life? How did you learn a lot from that?
What facts about life have you descovered or learned that are not quite popular?
What is the one and only "thing" that you can't accept in your entire life?
What's the most useful or interesting thing you learned on Quora and who was the contributor?
What are the three biggest mistakes that people make in their 20s?
What are the lessons you have learnt from your job?
What are the most difficult challenges you faced in your life and what have you learned from them?
What does sport teach you about life?
What is the most absurd and random thing that has ever happened to you?
I just turned 16 yesterday. What are the important things I should know about life and be informed about?
What's something you learned too late in life?
What was the most valuable thing you learned from the book “Never Split the Difference” by Chris Voss?
If you see your whole life on a number line, would you change some moments of it?
What are some life lessons for undergraduate students?
Are there things you wish you had done with your kids when they were younger (around 5 to 10 years old)?
Why do people lie to themselves?
Was there ever a moment in your life in which you were ashamed that you did not say or do anything?
What else is there to do in life?
What does it feel like to completely destroy someone's life?
What is the sickest thing you have ever seen?
What is the most useless thing you have learned?
What are the most important lessons you've learnt doing UX design over the years?
If you had the opportunity to either relive one experience in your life or change the outcome of one, which would you choose and why?
What is the most surprising thing you've learned about sex and sexual wellness from your career as an adult performer?
Have you notice people criticizing blunders in history repeat same mistakes in their personal life?
Do you regret when holidays get over without doing anything productive?
Can you give some examples of happy endings?
What are the lessons of failure in entrepreneurship?
What is that one thing that teaches us a lot about life?
If somebody from the 1800s suddenly appeared today, what would be the most difficult thing to explain to them about life?
What is meant by decluttering your life?
Is there any sudden realisation you've had that completely changed your life and/or your perspective on life?
What's the most unexpected thing that's ever happened to you?
What are the biggest regrets UCSD students have?
As an artist, what is the one thing you would tell your younger self which could have improved your art career?
What's one thing that teachers wish they could tell their students but don't?
Which idea that you didn't persue do you most regret?
What are some things you wish you'd known before becoming a counsellor?
What is the most stupid life hack you've learned?
I'm stupid, and I have enough anecdotal evidence to show for it. What are some things I should do to better my chances at "making it" in life?
What is the ugliest and most regretting part of your life?
What you have learnt from your life that would be helpful for me if I knew it?
What mistakes are you glad you made, why and what would you do if you encountered a similar situation again?
What's the most important thing that you have learned from your work experience?
What are the lessons of failure?
What is the hardest thing you experience daily?
Has the death of a partner changed your perspective on life?
How can you fix and redeem your past failures and mistakes so that you deserve the success that you weren’t able to achieve?
What are the lessons learnt for Kejriwal after defeat in Punjab and Goa?
What do you consider to be the best advice you ever received? Who gave you that advice and did you follow that advice or not?
Have you ever had a child say something that changed your life? If so, what was it?
How do I become enthusiastic to live life to the fullest?
What's the biggest mistake you've made when leading an engineering team?
What are the leadership lessons from 2017 UP elections?
What was that one weakness in your life, that you finally got over?
How do I change the context of my life?
Is there any app that changed your life?
What's the best mistake you've ever made?
When did you have your first boyfriend and what did you learn from that experience?
What are the positive living habits you learned from your parents?
What do you do to feel better when you've made so many mistakes in life that you can’t feel good about yourself anymore?
How did AWS changed your life?
What is the saddest thing that you haad known but you never said before?
What is the best thing you learn out of engineering life?
What is the nicest thing in life?
What are the most important learnings of life?
What is the one thing that you have learned which most of the aspirants are missing out during their preparation?
What were the worst five minutes of your life?
What are the mistakes do people make often and it affects other people?
What’s that song about school shootings where the kids ask "what's our lesson" and the teacher or shooter says "today's lesson is how to die"?
I am not sure what my passion is. How do I figure that out?
How do I get inner Peace?
What are some lessons that life teaches you?
What is the worse thing you could ever do to somebody?
Describe that moment in your life where you zoned out of a certain social setting and took a moment to appreciate life?
What is the one thing that draws me again and again towards home?
What is the biggest help you have ever received?
What is the most important fact for a good life?
What is it called when I offer advice or point out a person's mistake, and they decide I am the one who is at fault in the situation?
What is the one episode in your life that made you realize what life is about and that it is worth living?
What are the habits required to lead a happy and contended life? How to practice them in our daily life?
How do I get over the regret of not earning enough in my career?
How do I overcome regret of wasted potential and time?
Did you ever realize that you were completely wrong about something your whole life?
Can one measure a ruined life?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that could have killed you?
Though I am living, as far as possible, a clean and pious life, why do bad things happen to me often?
What small, casual piece of advice taught you an unforgettable lesson?
What are the lessons people most often learn too early in life?
What were the worst minutes of your life?
What are the 10 biggest mistakes a CEO must avoid?
If karma exists and permeates multiple lifetimes, how can we learn a lesson and move on from a past life that we don't even remember?
What is your biggest blessing in life? And why?
What is the most difficult thing to understand about life?
What is the most intriguing thing in life?
What is musketry, and what happened in the first lesson in musketry?
What is most important about our heart?
What mistakes are usually made when dealing with adult learners?
How do I avoid any mistake in daily life?
What are some important free things in life?
What is the oldest thing (chronologically old) in your life that you remember?
What does cooking teach you about life?
Can you write about the incident that made you realize that a comeback is more important than success or failure in your life?
What are some real life lessons that can be learned from the book "The Art of War"?
What is your favorite piece of advice? Why?
What are some meaningful paths I can take in life that don't include college?
What are the lessons you have learnt from your job?
My roommate is wasting huge amount of water everyday. How should I teach him a lesson?
What are most intellectual things in life?
What is the one thing that you want to do but couldn't because of your circumstances?
What's something you learned too late in life?
What is a piece of advice you would give to a college sophomore?
Has anyone encountered godly experiences?
Why do some people do not regret when doing something bad?
What are the things important to make our life wonderful?
What's the limit we should go to teach our grown up son a lesson?
What are the main ideas and lessons in The Archbishop Candlesticks play?
What are the life lessons you learned and would like to share from IITB and IIMA?
What is the biggest life lesson you have ever taught to someone?
How do I have and remember my intention for everything I do in life?
If the un-examined life is not worth living, as Socrates said, why do so many people persist in their comfortable ignorance?
How do I keep a schedule? If I live with my parents and I'm constantly disturbed by them?
What is the most important lesson the Buddha taught?
Why do people think they have right to regret on something they decided?
What will be taught in a beginner drums lesson?
What are the things that make difference in professional life?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What's the one thing you regret even today?
From where can I learn GD&T?
What have you derived from your life so far or life in general?
What is the most surprising thing you've learned about sex and sexual wellness from your career as an adult performer?
What is the worst thing you did in high school?
How do we find good when things get bad in life?
Can you give some examples of happy endings?
What did you, as a parent, learn from your kid?
What is REGRET/TQWL?
How do I deal with the mistakes I commit as an article?
If you got an opportunity to correct only one thing on this planet, what would you do?
I learned my lesson from the past but why am I still bitter about it?
What was the single most inspiring and beautiful moment of your life so far?
What are the leadership lessons from this story of two generals?
What is your worst screw-up to date?
How do you pick yourself up after a sequence of failures?
What is the most important lesson you've learnt so far?
Will your looks ever help you in life?
What should I do to change my life for the better?
What is the turning point in an average person’s life and how should it be dealt with successfully?
What is the best (as in, life changing, well said) single sentence you've ever said out loud?
What's one weird thing a kid said to you?
If u wish to change two things in Olympics, what will they be?
What is the most important thing that you learned from schooling in Engineering?
When in your life did you profoundly recognize your human frailty?
What is the one thing men are struggling most with in their lives?
Did you ever regret helping someone?
What is it like to waste one minute and regretting it later?
When were you the boldest in your life and unexpectedly got what you had never imagined?
What is the most useful and clever life hack that you have learned and practiced?
What was the best time of your life, the time you wish you could relive?
What one lesson should we take away from studying your life?
What are some overrated life lessons?
What is the best way to find out who I am, when trying to live life?
Do you ever regret having children?
What life lessons does Omerta (Mario Puzo) teach us?
What would be the important things in Startup Life?
What is the most immoral thing you ever done your whole life?
Is it worth risking your life to preserve art?
How can I utilize every moment of life?
Have you ever cheated someone? What did you have in mind? Do you regret it?
Is “Killing toddlers is dope” a good thought or a bad thought? Why?
What is the most interesting thing about life?
As a mechanic, what was the biggest mistake you made when fixing a car?
What is it like to be apathetic? I do not want to do most things, and when I do, I wish I hadn't.
What are the lessons learnt for Kejriwal after defeat in Punjab and Goa?
What is a costly mistake by Jehangir?
What are some of the biggest mistakes one does in his twenties?
Which celebrities do you wish you had never met or seen interviewed?
What are the leadership lessons from 2017 UP elections?
What are some mistakes an army general can make?
What lessons have you learned from your twin flame?
How do I live life to the fullest, when I am so poor?
How many of you agree that Neha has made a big mistake by choosing Shane in her gang and why?
How should I accept the fact that the only thing I want in life is not mine to take?
What's the best mistake you've ever made?
What is the wisest thing a kid have ever taught you?
What's the one thing you wish you would have known about living in London?
What thing do you regret the most from your high school years?
What is a memory that you have always remembered throughout your entire life?
What is the most difficult situation you have gone through?
What does Awdhesh Singh think about the secret of a happy, healthy and peaceful life?
What was the defining moment that confirmed to you that meditation was making a significant difference in your life?
What's the most smartass thing you've ever seen your pet do?
What is so clever about life?
Name one thing that your job has taught you about people?
What is the purpose of expectation?
How do we learn to develop patience in our life?
Why do people sometimes regret their pasts?
How did your perception of life change from when you were a child/teen?
What inspires you to live life to the fullest?
What would you say that you know, now, about living a happy and successful life that you didn’t know when you were twenty?
What steps should be taken after traumatic events in life, when you cannot control your life?
Who is that one person that changed your so called 'life'?
Did you get the CFA and now you regret having it?
What is your record breaking behavior you have heard from people of all life levels you interacted with, consequently see it in your present life?
Would you give a part of your life to someone else if you could do it in the future?
What was the one thing you wished grade school would have taught you? And did school ever cater to your type of learning?
What is one life lesson one should always remember?
Have you ever taken advice from a motivational speech, and it ruined your life?
What are some of the darkest love lessons you learnt?
We are always told to "learn from mistakes" or "not be scared of making mistakes". What would you define as a mistake to learn from or embrace?
What are the best things to do with the love of your life?
What is the one thing you do and most people don't?
How do you amend a big mistake that you've made in a relationship? What are the possibilities of them forgiving you?
What's the meaning of life if you lose the most important person in your life?
What is the hardest thing you have ever resisted to in your life?
What is the most BS thing happening in India?
Should past mistakes be left unsaid?
Can you summarise off-hand what you learned from Quora in the past week?
Have you ever taken any decision or have you ever done anything which you will regret forever?
What is one thing that only an excellent doctor knows?
What is the one thing that freaks you out from your life?
Has literature ever taught you a life lesson?
How can one turn around their life, if they've been average?
What is the biggest help you have ever received?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in college?
Why do people keep mistaking there for their?
How has a PhD been the best decision you’ve made?
How can I keep from getting overwhelmed and just live my life with no regrets or ill will?
What do they actually teach in"Creationism" lessons?
Do you regret on something that ever if you would have not done that?
What are the main things to do before we settle in our life?
Is it normal to regret not doing the JEE, when I had the chance to do it?
What is the stupidest thing that you have done, or happened to do?
What are some of the hardest-learned lessons for transgender people who transitioned 10+ years ago?
What is the best thing about life to you?
So what was the best thing you told someone today?
What are the most useful things to know how to cook?
Is Indian Matrimony market getting screwed up?
Which book or speech or any incident has changed you completely?
If you had one penny for a wish, what would you wish for?
What is something you wished you had known before adulthood?
When there is no hope in life, and everything becomes meaningless, what is the one thing that can restore one’s faith in life?
What is the most horrible thing you have ever done, or the worst of humanity you have witnessed in real life?
If you had only one wish, would you use it for yourself or for others? Why?
What should you do when you realise that someone very important is gone from your life?
What's the biggest failure you've made a comeback from?
If there are five things you could change, what are they?
Do you believe "To be successful in life, do at least one thing a day which you don't like"?
Are you happy with your life? Are you doing what you always wanted to? As a child, did you dream of a similar lifestyle or a different one?
What does Islam teach us about incest? What would the consequences be for engaging in it?
What is the stupidest thing you have done that could have killed you?
Where can I go to learn to stop being a loser and learn basic life skills?
How could I get rid of this messed up life?
What is the worse mistake you ever made that could have ruined your life?
If God says,"Tell me one thing you've done that justifies my keeping you here.", what do you tell Him/Her?
If we don't regret about mistakes we make then are we careless and failure?
What is the one thing that you wish was thought in your school apart from academics?
What is the trick to successfully changing my life?
What is the biggest mistake you ever made in your life?
What are the most important things one should do in his/her college life?
Is there anyone who regrets not taking Science in 11th?
What lessons have we conclusively learnt from History and have avoided previous mistakes?
What are the stupidest mistakes people tend to commit?
What's precious in your life?
Old people: What will you regret the most before dying?
Do you regret your love, and why?
What was the one thing that turned your life on its heels?
What's the best way to learn from your mistakes?
Can bad events lead to good outcomes in life?
What is that one thing you were so scared to do, but did it anyway for good?
Why do people always point to others’ mistakes instead of rectifying their own mistakes?
Have you ever felt that being honest was your biggest mistake? If yes, why?
Why is it better to regret something you have done than something you haven't?
How do I overcome bad experience in life?
What is the one thing that you will never learn?
Who is the most important person in your life?
I have made a mistake at work. I have received a warning letter today. What should I do next?
What's one thing you've always been afraid to say out loud?
Where is the best place to learn SQL 2016 via short lessons and drills?
Teachers: What is the worst lesson you've ever taught?
What are the incidents that made you think that life is not fair?
I’m worried. Will I waste my life and regret it when I’m older?
Will there be really a defining moment in life?
What is the one thing you struggle with the most when trying to be productive?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made? And how did you overcome it?
What are the top 10 lessons that a prostitute wants to give to women?
Have you ever ragged someone and regretted it later?
What life lessons would you want your son or daughter to know if you died?
What are some of the best lessons you've learned as you founded your company?
What is the worst relationship advice you can ever give?
What was one narrow escape in life you can never forget?
What is the one offensive thing a teacher told you that hurt your feelings?
Why is a degree important in life?
What are the best lessons you have learned during the B.Tech?
If you could return to some age of your life, what age would you like to be now?
What lessons have you learned from your relationships?
What is the most important financial advise you want to give to your younger self?
How can I learn to be strong again without needing any needs met in return?
What have you learned from the people in your life?
What was the most important lesson Dr. Samuel Huntington taught you?
What's the most depressing event that ever happened in your life?
I just turned 16 yesterday. What are the important things I should know about life and be informed about?
Have you ever come across to a person randomly and he/she became the most important part of your life now?
When was the last time you felt stuck in your own community/city? What did you do to overcome that?
If given the option, what is the one thing you'd want to experience vicariously and why?
What are some great lessons that we learn from Bhagwat Gita?
What are some of the worst things that you experienced in IT companies?
How can I teach him a lesson in a smart way?
How has social validation ruined your life?
What are the biggest mistakes that doctors and nurses have made in their line of work?
What’s your most regretted purchase (not necessarily expensive)?
What is the one thing you want to be known for to the rest of the world?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
What was the biggest failure of your life? How did you cope with it and turn it into a huge success?
What was the most spectacular thing you have seen with your friends?
Do some people get old & wish they had done something else with their life?
What is your biggest regret about your dead parents?
What was your best school lesson?
What have you cultivated or extracted from the failures of your life?
Which amazing lessons have you learned from your Harvard MBA?
If you had to request one thing from Quorans, what it would be?
What was one thing that you did that no one expected you to do?
What is more important in life, care or self-respect, or both, as in expectations from a life-partner? Can anyone or both be compromised?
What are lessons that we can learn from “The Kings Speech” movie?
What small but very important thing of history do you think we don’t/didn’t understand correctly?
What do you think is the role of patience in all the decisions of one's life?
Is there something you wish you had done when you were 35 yrs old? If yes, what is that?
What important life lessons would you teach your children?
How much more difficult is it to live life during a snowstorm?
What are the things that toppers miss in their life?
How do I become good at life?
How can we prepare ourselves to deal with the unexpected phases of life?
What is the greatest vacation you have taken and what lessons can you take from it?
What would you most like to change in your life?
What was the hardest thing you had to accept or acknowledge?
What is life? How should one live it ? What should one seek for in life?
What​ is the thing that one cannot tell anyone?
Were you ever distracted in life?
What are some good examples of entrepreneurs using lessons learned from failed startup ventures?
What is your "13 reasons why" to live your life to the fullest?
What is the main need of our life?
When is a time you got exactly what you wanted but the following events made you wish you hadn't?
What are the most important things one should know or learn?
What was the happiest moment or day of your life? How did this moment or day impact you?
Is it true that the mainstream mathematicians generally appreciate only what had been taught to them, but fail to learn any new contradictory ideas?
What is the worst thing to happen in B.Tech life?
How do I get over something that I deeply regret?
If you could tell your elder self one thing, what would it be and why?
How do I make big in life at the age of 28?
Do you think that telling your child that Santa is real is a good life lesson, in regards to not always trusting what authoritive figures tell you?
What life lessons are to be learnt from the story of The Pied Piper?
Has a self-help product ever made a big difference in your life, or the life of anyone you know?
What fun/productive things can be learnt in a week?
Why do we make our life so complex?
Is it bad when you can't find the one in life?
What are the craziest/worst things you have done in your life that you want to confess?
How well can you lead if you never admit your mistakes?
What naughty things have you done in your life?
What was the stupidest thing you have ever done or said?
Will men who make the same mistake twice in marriage ever realize the mistake and change?
What should a person do if it feels like life is not worth living anymore?
What life lessons do you find most important?
How can you prevent yourself from making the same mistake twice?
What is the best privilege you ever had in your life?
What will happen to me if I keep on thinking bad incident in my life?
What are the five most important things in life?
What advice would you give your younger self about his future?
What did you do when you finally reached that point in your life when you knew your life must change but you didn't have the ability to do so?
What event in your life moulded you into who you are today?
What thing did you wish more people knew or understood about hunting and rifle-sports?
What life advice would you go back in time and give to your 15 year old self?
What are the things that make your life colorful?
What is the most useful management advice you have ever received?
What is something that you regret and have had stuck to you for so long?
I made a big mistake and I feel that my relationship may be over. Is there a way to fix that?
If you were given the opportunity to change one thing about your life, what would it be?
What impressive thing have you done that no one saw?
How can I end my absent mindedness and my immense potential to do silly mistakes everywhere?
If given a chance, what would you share with your younger self?
What is the best thing one can learn out of his/her college life?
What is the hardest thing you experience daily?
What are some things you want in your life?
How do I convince someone that it is easier said than done?
What is a random incident that happened with you in your life?
What are some good advice for roasting someone?
What do you wish you knew about the caregiving process for your relative?
What is the greatest thing inside you?
How do I to stay dedicated on one thing for years?
Which is the most hated photograph of 2017 till now?
What is one thing that you would do over if you were in college again?
What is the most surprising thing you've discovered about yourself in the past six months?
What does it mean if somone has harmed a small animal on purpose as a child and now regrets it?
What burning career question do you wish you had expert advice about?
What are the life lessons one can learn from Daredevil?
What is the best method you've learned to learn from mistakes?
What was the hardest thing you had to deal with when you were growing up?
Do you ever regret being a father?
Have you ever said or done something to your child in anger and then later regret it?
What is the biggest lesson you've learned since becoming prime minister?
What is your most regretful thing you have done in your past life?
What pieces of advice will you give me from your experiences?
What are some good assumptions to go ahead with your life?
What one thing would you use to symbolize yourself?
What is the one thing you would like to change about this world right now?
What was your craziest act in life?
Have you ever faced death? How did your life changed after that?
What is the best thing you've chosen in your life?
What is the best purchase you have ever done in your life?
What was the most important thing you have taught your child?
What is an unforgettable incident in your life?
What is the saddest thing that you haad known but you never said before?
When will liberals learn their lesson about inviting so called refugees?
What are some zero investment ways to bring change in someone's life?
Could you give one example for a good learning experience and bad learning experience?
What are the biggest mistakes and myths you see in Java programming?
How do I fight my regrets?
What are some things you wish you did/didn’t do in high school?
How do I learn to say “no” in life?
What are some things in life that if once failed, they can never be tried again?
What was the worst decision your company made?
What kind of the experience that you regret having not met earlier and want to share with young people?
What is that one thing which keeps you going?
Why are some people unwilling to learn from their mistakes?
What was the most laughable incident ever in your married life/ time with partner?
What is the best parenting tip observed or learnt from a celebrity?
What are the best things you have learned in neurosciences?
What was your loneliest moment in life?
What is the biggest thing you have had to persevere to get through or to obtain something?
Describe that moment in your life where you zoned out of a certain social setting and took a moment to appreciate life?
What were the situations in your life where you wish you could have taken the initiative but you were not able to at that time?
What do the CSE students learn during their first day in college?
What celebrity made the biggest life turnaround ever for the better?
According to you, who is living an amazing life and why?
What is most optimistic thing you have ever done in your life?
What is a piece of advice you would give to a future teacher?
What will you regret if you die today?
What tips would you give your younger self about talking to girls?
Since I was made to last forever, what is the one thing I should stop doing and the one thing I should start doing today?
If a person treats you unfairly how can you make him realise his mistake without doing the same to him?
What changes has Quora made in your life?
What does the world teach you?
How can small vows influence and improve one's life?
What is the riskiest thing you've done for someone else?
Who's the weirdest kid you’ve ever met?
What thing do you care most about in your life?
How do I explain, "Mom gave her life so you could live yours."? I don’t want to lay blame or to make him feel guilty. I want him to live his life to the fullest.
What was the biggest life decision you ever made?
If you could change one thing that you did in your life, what would it be?
If you could snap your fingers and change one thing in your personality, what would it be and why?
What do you wish you had the time and money to try?
Have you ever discovered that a decision you made years ago saved your life?
What is a mistake that you've always repeated intentionally, and why?
What are the main moral lessons that we learn from the Bhagavad Gita?
What is your own experience on 'failure is not final'?
What language learning will change your life?
Can a person change anyone’s life forever?
What is one thing that living beings cannot imagine?
What would a trans person say was the most important thing that they learned during their transition?
Have comic books ever taught you life lessons?
What are your first steps in life?
Does securing backup mean you’ve already assumed failure?
What is the most unexpected help you received with your startup?
What role did Balaji Viswanathan's parents play in his success and fame? What parenting lessons can we learn from them?
What are the greatest regret when last breath comes?
What is most important to a person, their personal life or working life?
What have you learnt from your children?
What is the one thing that made you famous in high school?
What moment seemed to bring your life to a complete standstill?
How do I deal with the regret of not having an open attitude all these years?
How do I give a lesson to an irritating landlord?
Is morality important to lead a happy life?
What are the mistakes that everyone know but still they commits?
What is something that you regret doing or not doing?
Have you ever gotten a rude awakening about yourself that humbled or humiliated you?
What is the stupidest thing someone has sued someone for?
What's the most interesting/shocking/amazing thing you have ever experienced?
What hiring mistakes arise, and how do you fix them?
What are some business tactics which are learnt only by experience?
If you personally strive to lead a life of purpose and intention, what is the one thing you struggle with most in this pursuit?
What are some important free things in life?
Have you ever ruined someone's life to such extent that they have gone insane to retaliation?
Which is the best and never forgettable moment in your life?
What are the main takeaways from your expertise/discipline(s)?
What is a one-minute hack that will be useful for your whole life (life lessons)?
Which emperor or king made the worst mistake ever in world history?
What is the craziest thing a client has ever done a healthcare worker?
Has anyone had ESP at anytime during their lives?
If you could give a short lesson/advice to someone about anything of your choice, what would you teach them?
What is your life's rule?
Can you write about the incident that made you realize that a comeback is more important than success or failure in your life?
What are some of the life incidents that taught you the great life lessons?
What is the best way to spend my 20-day-long holidays, so that afterwards I don't regret missing out on any fun?
Did you have any regrets during highschool?
What is some useful knowledge that snake keepers wish they had known when they were beginners?
As a beginner, what are the most important things you should achieve in life?
Have you ever given out a material thing to someone and the next time you see them rocking it you have regrets?
What advice would you give to a 14 year old?
Are there life hacks in surgery?
What was the most valuable thing you learned from the book “Never Split the Difference” by Chris Voss?
Has anybody's life been ruined by masturbation?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
If you had a second chance at life, what is the one mistake you will never make?
What is the most idiotic decision you ever made?
What are the most important things in your room?
What do you know now that you didn’t know then?
What is the worst thing that can happen to mankind?
When we make mistakes, we often come up with self-justifications instead of admitting the mistakes to ourselves. Why?
What was the biggest mistake you made in your Kickstarter campaign?
What are things you didn't do because you thought you can't do? But later on you realised that you could have done it?
If one agrees that the unexamined life is not worth living, at what point does the over-examined life become a problem?
What is the sneakiest thing you did in school?
What is that one thing you always wished for but can not grab even if it's in front of you all the time?
How do I live with regret and lost potential?
What are the last things you want to do in life?
Does Rohan Jain have any regret in his life?
Does anyone regret getting an MPhil in Chemistry?
As an absolute beginner, what should my lesson 1 be if I have to teach myself German?
What is the most hurtful mistake that you commited in your life that you regret till date?
If you could bring anime characters to life, which anime characters would you want to bring to life, and which ones would you not want to bring to life?
What is the stupidest thing that you bought, which appeared right at the time?
What is the most soul-satisfying thing you have ever done in your life?
Do you regret when holidays get over without doing anything productive?
What is the golden advice which you learnt in your friend?
What is the hardest period of your life?
Has a teacher changed your life. How?
What is the biggest challenge in your life that you ever overcame?
Whats the biggest mistake you made in your marriage?
What does a perfect and complete life mean to you?
How can I get over my regrets when I was a teenager?
If somebody from the 1800s suddenly appeared today, what would be the most difficult thing to explain to them about life?
Is it worth it to study for an exam for 4–10 extra points?
What is the one thing you wish people understood in Overwatch?
What is one thing that made you decide not to take your own life at the last moment?
What if you make a mistake consciously?
The Alchemist tells us to pursue dreams. Failure should be respected/ accepted? Maybe regarded as a nudge towards a different path? Do failures exist?
What should one do if at the age of 50 you realise life has been a complete waste and you have been a complete failure?
What is the most dangerous thing you have done and why?
What is the most random thing you have ever written?
Looking back now, which was the best period of your life?
What is the most wonderful life lesson you have ever learned from your grandparents?
What is the one thing in your life which has absolutely no financial or social value, but you still pursue it ardently?
What's the stupidest thing that's happened to you online?
Does God have any regrets?
What can we learn from the people we hate?
Have you ever done an action or made a decision which made you happy but negatively affected someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally)?
If you could go back in time, what is one piece of advice you would give your 25 year old self?
At what moment in your life did you realize how precious time is?
What is that one thing you did that changed your life?
How has life changed after being famous because of the amazing dancing video?
To learn English, what are the important grammar lessons I have to read?
What can you do if you don't have anything in your life?
What can change your life?
What is one piece of advice regarding studies you'd like to give me?
What is something new you learned about yourself recently?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
How do I start exploring different things when I don't know what to do in my life?
What did you learn from your CA life and the problems you faced during your CA life?
What is the one thing that you want most?
What was the hardest thing to do when filming?
Is there any need to have a mastery of at least one thing in life to be an intellectual?
What are some Life-learning lessons you learn from others?
What is one thing you wish you could tell people who are not disabled or in a wheelchair?
What you have learnt from your life that would be helpful for me if I knew it?
What are the interesting things to do in life?
What was the best advice you ever received on being productive?
Why do I say or do weird things in the moment and regret them a few days later?
How does Awdhesh Singh handle criticism in his life?
If you could tell your future daughter what you’ve learned throughout your life, what would you say?
What are the lessons of failure?
What is a big lesson you have learnt from relations?
How do I choose which one of my dreams to pursue with all my heart? Do I have to give up one dream for another? Won't I regret it?
Have you ever been stuck at a point in life where you have no idea about your tomorrow and no control over it?
What's the one thing that haunt you often?
How can you fix and redeem your past failures and mistakes so that you deserve the success that you weren’t able to achieve?
What did you eat, only to regret it moments later?
What insight has affected how you see the world the most?
There are so many horrible things in life, that not many people understand. What is your advice for me?
What was the most important lesson of your life that you learned from your grandparents?
Who is the most disgraceful person in your life?
What's the limit to punishing my male son? I need him to learn life lessons.
What life lessons have you learned from poker and chess?
What are most important things while blogging?
How are hardships in life overcame?
What are the three most awkward mistakes of your life?
What are the things in life you wish you knew earlier?
Which was the saddest point in your life?
Is there anyway to change people mindset? Why because one IPS officer said some things said we expect we need to do social works?
If you could go back in time to 20 years ago and still had your memory and life experiences, how would you make your life better?
What are the things you wish you knew before becoming a home chef?
If life give you a chance to go back in past, what is the one thing that you would like to change?
What was the one thing you were warned against doing but did it anyway and what happened as a result?
What behaviour did you ignore about your partner that you regretted later?
What's the stupidest thing you've done to fit in?
What is the worst thing you overheard?
What one lesson do you wish you learned earlier in your professional career?
What's the worst advice you could ever give someone?
What is that one thing you always do, but never told anyone?
My actions/prayers don't seem to have impact to what happens in my life. Why is this contrary to what is being taught in Gita?
Who can we learn some life experiences from?
What are some inspirational parables with moral lessons?
If you had to choose only one thing you were capable of doing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What are some of the things that a person should experience in his life?
What is life worth when you have no one to share it with?
What are some good habits for a person who is happy?
Why do I tend to ruin my life with stupid choices and usually do the opposite of what I should?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever done in your college life?
What's the biggest small mistake you've ever made?
What is the most valuable thing in life: turning the mind onto the present moment or going on a journey of imagination?
What's a life lesson you take from George Washington?
What can we learn and implement from Chateswar Pujara in our office?
Is it possible that your real mother could wish that you don't succeed in life?
What doesn’t history teach us?
What is one thing students wish they could change or address?
What is the best way to live our life?
Have you used the Getting Things Done methodology? If so, what were your lessons learned?
What are the chief romantic fallacies of life that are often painful lessons of our youth?
What's the nicest thing your friend has ever done for you?
What is best philoshophy of life?
What are the most useful things you've learned about US currency while traveling?
What are your biggest regrets that you did and didn't do during your youth?
What is the worst decision you have ever taken but found yourself appreciating about it?
Why is marriage being popularised as a very big mistake in life? Is it really so?
How do I get over regretting not knowing what I know now earlier in life?
Do you feel as if the world is getting worse?
What are some powerful stories or lessons every student should know for handling their life challenges?
Do you have a startup failure story? And what did it teach you?
What was the most disgusting thing you were subjected to?
What are some important things I should be warned before I make changes in life?
What moment in life did you decide to turn your life around and why?
Does everyone have problems in life at every moment?
How do I plan and prioritize d busiest time of life (read 30s),when you need to attend aspects like health, finance/career, family and your own dreams?
What is one thing you wish you had?
Why do I think to be centered on one thing in a category?
What do you regret about your job?
What are the consequences of revenge?
What should one never do in one's life?
What’s something about business you wish you knew earlier?
What kinds of mistakes have you made lately, in recent months? How did you handle them?
Is it beneficial to sit in a garden for a couple of hours and just watch life pass by?
To what extent is what we learn in CPT helpful in real life?
What are some incidents that competely changed the way you see life?
What is one thing that everyone should be grateful for?
What is a good example of a life changing experience?
Is it possible to mess up from one careless mistake?
Are you competitive with others, with yourself, or not at all? How does this affect your life?
Why is Islam so screwed up?
What's the worst nightmare that changed your friend's life?
What is the best way to complete the journey of life?
What is the best piece of advice a relative ever shared with you?
What are the 10 biggest mistakes a CEO must avoid?
Have you ever felt that one decision has completely changed your life?
What event has left the most significant impression on you in your life?
What secret are you keeping that is ruining your life?
Have you ever been at a low point, moved from one city/country to a new one and had your life completely change for the better?
Did anyone regret a decision you have made in the past?
Emotionally, what has been the hardest thing you have ever experienced in life so far?
How can this quote be understood, "The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows"?
What has been the most surreal moment in your life so far?
What words have impacted your life the most?
How can we find and analyse our mistakes?
What is the single best piece of advice you were ever given in relation to social life/interaction?
What is the thing to do in your life when you have just started working?
Whenever one fails in life, there is always a second chance. But if he fails again, then what should be done?
What are some of the most irrelevant things you learnt in school?
What are some life realizations that are made after turning 22?
What is the biggest mistake you made in electric circuiting in your laboratory or projects?
If life is short, then when should things start?
What are the types of incidents that could change your normal day or your life?
I am 22 years old and I really regret everything I did the past 6 years. How do I get rid of this regret?
What has being a runner taught you?
What are some pieces of advice on choosing IBDP subjects?
What were some hurtful things you've said to your parents which you regret saying?
Have you ever missed out on a chance to help someone? Did you regret not doing anything afterwards?
What do you think is the hardest thing to face when trying to be productive regarding your business?
What is the one thing that shattered you but made you stronger?
What is that one thing that you enjoy the most?
If you could do over any part of your life, which would it be, and why?
What has been the most important lesson that God has taught you?
What are some of the hardest life lessons you have learned that you want to tell children?
What is that one thing that u would change in yourself?
What is that one comeback story that you are proud of in your life?
What is the most stupid thing you've done and still regret to this day?
Can one not be in regret of having no girlfriend in life?
What is the one golden thing you want to do in life?
What is essential in life?
What is the most rigged thing you have ever seen?
How do I apply the lessons I read in the book Freakonomics to daily life?
Can one dollar change your life for the better?
How does one optimize for a life where one never lets anyone down?
Why do men live and what makes life complete?
To date, what has been your most valuable failure?
What is the greatest thing in life according to some people?
What is the most Punekar thing you have seen someone do?
What is happening in your life?
Do you think many people in their waning years regret or worry that their life may not have mattered in the greater scheme of things?
How do you deal with/handle a partner who keeps reminding you of your past mistakes in a marriage relationship, despite having changed your ways for the better after realizing the mistakes you made?
What is a piece of life advice you always thought you had understood, but never realised you hadn't until you did?
Will any mistakes and regrets I've made in college matter?
What is the most important thing you've learned from dating?
How do you prepare a lesson for classroom teaching?
To succeed in life, is it important to be an extrovert?
What did your mum teach you growing up?
Will I ever regret of having only one child?
What's one thing you want to see before you die?
What is the most important thing that will happen soon?
Why don't older generations like young people looking how they want at work?
What relationship mistake do you regret the most?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made, and what did you do to make it right?
When was the moment you realize that accounting is right for your future?
What is the one thing that you always wanted to tell your sister?
What is the best thing in life, according to you?
What is the worst thing you have done when you were religious?
When is my life wasted?
What has surprised you about life?
If you want to change one thing you did in 2017, what would it be?
Looking back on Kaggle's journey from founding to acquisition, do you have any regrets?
What is the best thing to broker right now?
Wouldn't things be so much easier if there were a better teaching method that we could actually apply to our life?
What lessons can we learn from the Dutch election result?
What is that one thing you have never done but wanna do once in your life?
What quote has changed your life?
How do you stick to one decision, when you have two options to make life-changing decisions?
What is conflict?
Which dream taught you a lesson in your life?
Is there a situation that completely changed the way you experienced life?
Quoran, what's the story behind the worst thing you've ever done?
What life lessons did you learn from the rich people around you?
What lessons can we learn from Pixar and other animated movies?
What is the cleverest thing you've done, without realizing it?
What values in your life have changed as you got older?
What is/was the worst day of your life?
What are the top priorities of your life?
What was a real life experience that changed you permanently?
How would your life change if tomorrow you learned religion was fictional?
What was the worst thing you've ever done and why did you do it?
What do you consider the most important part of physics that you've learned so far?
Are childhood friends one of the most important things for your adult life?
Which on earth is the truth, we can succeed in life only by learning from success stories or only by learning from failure stories?
What is your biggest regret about your loved ones?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done as a child/teen?
Why don’t you concentrate on making money to improve your own life but doing this unprofitable thing?
What is the importance of friends in one's life?
Describe something your own which holds a precious place in your life?
What is the best decision you have taken in your life that has made you wealthier?
What are some things you wish you'd known before becoming a counsellor?
How has daily, scheduled daydreaming benefited your life?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
What are some of the most important things you thought of when you were founding your company?
What are the small things that make a huge difference in our life?
If you had another chance at something you regret doing, what would it be?
You are now 90 years old. Looking back at your life and all that you’ve achieved and acquired: what matters to you?
What's the most important lesson you learned in the past five years?
Do you think life is precious/valuable and why?
What are the most important lessons you've learned about business and tech throughout Wikipedia's history?
What life event or decision motivated you to pursue your degree? Do you regret it or not?
What is the best thing you have ever lost?
What are the real facts of life?
What is the thing that changed your life totally?
What mistakes are you glad you made, why and what would you do if you encountered a similar situation again?
What is the best thing you learnt in recruitment?
What is the most painful thing you have ever experienced in your life?
What is the one incident that made you feel the 'luckiest'?
Has the death of a partner changed your perspective on life?
How has reading changed your life?
What is the most precious lesson that you learnt from a person of opposite sex?
What is the one thing that changed your perspective on life?
I had a crush on a girl in my class, and we made eye contact many times. I asked her out, but she said no. Why?
What lessons should be learned from Dear Zindagi (2016 movie)?
What is that one thing that can change the world for good and how?
What is the best thing that has happened to you arising from someone else's malicious act towards you?
What never gets easier in life?
What is an example of a big failure in your life?
Why did my grandmother mistake the word life for why?
What are some regrets that Iraq War vets have, and learned a lesson from, that they would like to express to aspiring soldiers?
What was that one weakness in your life, that you finally got over?
I can not walk properly. Can I succeed in life?
How would you react if a demon told you that you will have to live your life this very same way over and over again forever?
What is the coolest thing you just learned how to do?
What is the best conjecture that you’ve ever learned about the Universe that is not yet proven?
How important is punctuality in life?
What are some important life lessons that can be learned from Phil Knight?
Have you ever made the mistake of completely forgiving someone who did unbelievably harm to you?
What is the smartest thing you have done that changed your life?
What can you learn from people who are different from you?
Are you happy with your life? Is there any regret?
How do you apply things you observe and learn in future instances?
How did AWS changed your life?
Why am I screwing up?
Should we be forgiven after a mistake?
I do everything fast but I make mistakes, what should I do?
Why is life so simple, yet so difficult?
If you could have one thing that would make your life better, what would it be?
Is there any incident which you could remember throughout your life?
What are the best things that introverts have experienced in their lives?
What is something that you regret not doing in your life?
What is the single most important thing for taking your life to the next level?
What are the mistakes do people make often and it affects other people?
What is the best thing about being a car mechanic?
What should a person do in order to excel in every aspect of life?
Why am I aimless in life, not wanting to grow, achieve, or learn in life?
How can I prioritize things in my life?
What facts have you learned about life? What has life taught you?
How do I let go of the regret of not doing things earlier in life?
What are the lessons you learned from movies that have a deep impact in your life?
What is something that you wish you never had to learn on your own?
Is there any way to come out of regrets?
What has happened to you in one day that changed you?
What is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to you?
Why do we educate if there's no impact on life?
Have you ever wondered how different your life would be if one certain thing never happened?
What are the 2 years of your life you want to undo?
How do I teach a bad driver/rider a good lesson so that they realize the importance of public safety?
Given that there is no life after death does this make life more meaningful or less?
What are the mistakes you won't repeat again after getting a new smartphone?
What was your most life threatening experience?
What things does hostel life teach you that you would never learn from being at home?
What is the most unanticipated thing you've learned from acting?
What are some tips for NEET UG 2017 that you wish you had known earlier?
What do you want from your life? Have you found any answers yet?
What is the biggest sacrifice you have made in your life?
What's be best chess advice you ever got? How did you use it?
What is required to tackle trials and tribulations in life? Explain.
What are some beautiful conversation on life?
What are some things in life that have made you feel happy?
What do you wish you wanted in your life?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
Has someone with a profound disability taught you a lesson or positively affected your life?
Is communication the most important thing to get a job? If yes, then how do I improve it?
If there is a box labelled "Success" and you are asked to put something relevant in that box, what would you put in?
What piece of advice would you like to give to your younger self?
What are some of your personal failures from which I can learn something?
What is the one thing that helped you stop seeing your life in terms of accomplishment vs failure?
What is the best thing you saw today?
What is something that you learnt in the most unconventional manner?
What is that you avoid the most in life?
What's the best piece of career advice you've ever received?
What mistakes do you wanna forget the most?
What does an awesome life look like to you?
What absurd thing do you wish your dog could do?
What should I do if I may have made a huge mistake at work, but I honestly do not remember if it was me?
What are some things you wish physicians would understand?
What is something you wish everybody knew?
When was the moment that you wished you could remember what you'd been taught?
What's the most useful or useless advice you ever received during your appraisal interview?
When things get hard, what is the best way to persevere?
What is your biggest ambition that you could ever think of?
What is the most underestimated thing in life?
What are some life lessons you've learned after being six months unemployed?
What are the biggest mistake in India?
What's the most savage thing a kid said to you?
In regards to Islam, do you agree "a busy life makes prayer harder, but prayer makes a busy life easier"?
Where can I learn about how to apply what I know to enhance my life?
What is the saddest part of your life you never told anyone?
What is most important thing a person should be passionate about?
Which is your best project or best stuff you have ever made in life?
If you could change one thing in Naruto, what would it be and why?
Would you be interested in learning about how your imagination can help you create magical changes in your life?
What is the experience of going on a self date like?
What is the most interesting, unexpected thing that has ever happened to you at work?
What's the smartest thing you've ever seen someone do?
What is life and living?
What is something really small that happened to your life that changed it forever?
What kind of lessons did Commander Dhonde teach you for Sagar Parikrama 2?
What is one important lesson you tell your children that you could share with us?
What is the best and most honest life advice you've given to a student?
Which non-business book has taught you valuable business lessons?
If you are living in a foreign country, what do you wish you had known before coming?
Why do most of my colleagues in the military regret most of their actions to me after they have been done?
What is the greatest lesson you have learned in your life?
What positive lesson can you take away from MS Dhoni from this IPL season 10?
Does one realize anything new about life after turning 18?
What is the most random and exciting thing you have done till now?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
Has anyone regretted being a girl?
What is the big questions that philosophers have been asking for centuries?
What is the nicest thing a stranger ever did for you?
What are the things or points one must remember in life (e.g., ambulance number)?
What was your biggest mistake in life? How did you overcome it?
Which is a minor event that happened in your life but which impacted your behaviour in a big way throughout your life?
What is the thing (or things) you think Microsoft should learn from Google?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only three words?
What's the hardest thing you've done this week?
What is the hardest thing you've done that you never thought you could?
Have you lost something that was important in your life, and then later on realised that it was not really important?
What’s one thing that’s happened to you that has made you a stronger person?
What is one bad piece of advice that you have received?
Can this person teach the Trump Administration a lesson?
What is one piece of advice you would give for 18-24-year-olds to get the most out of life?
What is the stupidest thing you had did when you were quite young?
Are there people who have never ever made mistakes in their lives?
What is a valuable advice given to someone by you?
What is something you learned very early in life, but understood much later?
What is the biggest disappointment you've had from a loved one in your life?
What is one thing you want to change about the world and why?
What is one life lesson you’ve learnt the hard way?
What are the few things in college life one needs to do to achieve something big in life?
Is life to be thought about, or is it to be learned?
Do people regret not writing their thoughts down?
What is the most innovative thing you have ever seen?
Can you give me one advice that could change my life?
What is the one thing you cherish above all?
What is the advice that changed your life`s perspective?
What is the hardest deliberate change you've effectively implemented in your life?
What’s the best thing about being a girl?
What is the "mistake" you are most grateful to have made?
How do I stop doing things that I regret after doing?
Why do I make more mistakes, and how can I overcome this?
What is very important in life?
What is the best thing you ever overpaid for?
How do you do things in your life without your parents knowing?
What advice can you give to someone, who has lost interest in everything in life, to distract himself?
What is the most insane thing you've learnt at school?
What was the most important conversation in your life? How would you have changed without that talk?
What do you do when you have to make a hard decision that can change your life?
How do you react when you realize you've made a mistake?
Which is the one sentence that changed your view about life?
What are the best things to learn from Radhika pandit about life simplicity?
What is the worst thing that happened to you when you overslept?
What's the best thing you learnt in life that you feel made you a better person?
What is the most useless thing you have learned?
What is the life lesson you want to share?
What should one do if they have no more interest in life at the age of 24 years old?
Can you talk about the person who taught you about life?
Why do some people like to have an average life?
What was your biggest mistake while teaching and why?
What is the most difficult/harsh time you've been through but made it at the end?
What are some examples of two things being, in fact, only a manifestation of one thing?
What incident or set of incidents that happened in your life had a profound influence on you?
Which incident in your life made you think about the arrival of the "KALYUG" Era?
What is the most fucked up thing you've ever heard?
What did you do when you realized that you have made greatest mistake of your life?
What are some of the dark lessons that life showed you?
So Neharik, what is your biggest regret about this session?
Do you regret buying a coupe car?
What is the most profound moment of gratitude that you've ever experienced?
What is the best thing you have ever done as a teacher?
What is meant by decluttering your life?
What words of advice would you give to someone trying to find their life's calling?
When is the time you finally realized that you had to grow up?
Will focusing on things of little importance cause one to be of little importance?
What is everything in life?
What is the thing you should be pursuing for the long life and the short life?
What is the biggest regret you have about buying a home?
How did eCommerce change your life?
What mean thing did you do early in life that still haunts you to this day?
What is one thing that you think you knew or you were told when you were 10-13 years of age that would have helped you grow as a person or made you a better human being today?
What is one thing you did to hurt or tease another person and now really regret?
Why do I experience failure in everything?
What is the most important aspect of life?
What is the best financial advice you have ever received?
Why can't people learn from other people’s mistakes?
How can I ruin someone's life who's cost me total financial lost?
What’s one thing you keep losing then replacing (such as an umbrella)?
If you could tell your future daughter what you’ve learned throughout your life, what would you say? And how would you say it?
Which is that one big regret you always have and may be will never go away from your mind?
What is the hardest thing to answer?
What is the best lesson learned from your special needs' child?
What are the mistakes we often make on resumes?
Are lesson plans in teaching really important? Why don't we let the lesson flow naturally?
If you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger self to do when you were a kid? And why would you tell your younger self to do this?
I keep making the same mistakes again with people in my life. I am pushing people away. How can I stop?
How does it feel when your life changes all of a sudden?
What could be the most random thing you have seen on the internet?
What was the last piece of advice that someone told you before they died?
What is one thing you've done on your job that made a corporate difference?
What have you learned from nature?
What has a hamster or pet rodent taught you about life?
What's the most useless lifehack you know?
What are some of the things that a person must experience in life?
If life had an analytics dashboard, what is one statistic that you'd like to see about your life?
What's been that one moment in your life till date that's changed things for the good or the worst?
How make my life simple from hectic?
How do you attach such less importance to wealth in your life?
What life lessons have you learnt after coming to Bhubaneswar?
Have you ever experienced or witnessed 'the butterfly effect' wherein one small insignificant thing changes the entire course of your life?
Should people boycott United Airlines to teach them a lesson?
What can we learn from Kejriwal's mistakes?
Is race the best predictor of life success?
What's your biggest regret from your teenage years?
What good things can you keep in your mind to live a life?
How old are you? What do you think you learnt a little late in life?
You are about to die. What would be one thing that you would regret not having done yet?
I regret nearly every decision I have made in my life. I have wasted so much of my life. How can I make decisions that will help me reinvent myself?
What did you do to your parents that you never regretted you did?
Have you ever done something out of pure pleasure and then immediately regret it?
What was the hardest thing you had to do and are still hated for it?
If you could go back in time and meet yourself, what suggestions or advice would you like to give him/her?
What are the positive living habits you learned from your parents?
What is something you wish you had known when you were 20?
How do I change my life at age 27?
Why are some people able to learn from their mistakes while others don't?
How has keeping a diary/journal changed your view towards life?
How can I get past all these regrets in my life?
What is the valuable thing to have in life?
What was a moment you knew you screwed up?
What is the one thing you did that made people think you were smart?
What is the most illegal thing you have done in your life?
Can a person change when they did unforgivable hurtful things when they were younger?
What is the one thing that you want to see changed in Patna, which can be brought about by technology?
What was the most shocking moment you had when you realised that you were not as good as you thought at something that you used to be good at?
What can I learn now that can save my life?
Why are there so many mistakes made by doctors nowadays?
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
How has your life changed since joining Quora?
What are the most scoring lessons in Mains?
When your life is stuck in someone else's unresolved problems, what can be done to safeguard your own life?
What are the 15 best things that one must experience in his/her life?
What are some sources of news about business, business's life, lessons from business?
What is the best thing ever happen in your secondary school?
What things can Kashmir learn from Assam?
What is one of the advice you would like to give to today's generation?
How do I teach him a lesson?
What is the worse thing you could ever do to somebody?
Which jokes have taught you the most about the human condition?
What is the best you learnt from the internet for free? How did it change your life?
Do you feel that certain events are happening twice in your life?
Should I regret choosing a B.Pharm as a career in India?
What was the edgiest thing you've heard?
Should I still regret for failing JEE even after a year? What if I had all the choices through my life and had made every decision bad?
Why are all of my friends so selfish that they forget about me, when they have new people in their lives, or when their lives get better?
When will the motivation to live my life to the fullest come, will it ever?
How can I top in my life?
What is the worst management advice you've received?
What is the most unexplainable event in your life?
What is the most important thing in life and relationship?
What's the worst thing about hunting?
Is it wrong to want to be someone else?
Why does it take 50, 60, or 70 years to learn from experiences, learn the purpose of life, or regret our mistakes?
What obvious thing may I be not seeing in life?
Have your ever thought of ending your life? What made you change your decision?
What is the best way to live a day to the fullest?
What is the mistake in "Everyone has his own problems."?
Life teaches us harsh lessons every day. Are they worth it, as we are not going to be alive for centuries for those lessons to last?
What are some things that you learned from your friend?
What mistakes are you glad you learned from?
What one item from your past do you wish you had kept and not thrown away?
What is something that has changed your perspective on time?
What are the best things you have learned in psychiatry?
What is a lesson you learnt from someone you really disliked?
What's the best, most important piece of advice for someone about to start high school with a strong determination to be valedictorian?
What are some important life lessons?
What was the most unforgettable customer experience you've had that changed your perception of life?
Who was your worst friend who gave you the best lesson in life?
For those who are involved in cleaning up litter from roads, what's the most valuable thing you've found, and were you allowed to keep it?
What is the coolest thing you ever learnt?
Which are the quotes which changed your life completely and made you think twice?
Which bad incident in your life eventually turned out to be good?
What are the lessons you learn from a child?
Who has the biggest regret, personal or professional, since taking office?
Do people really like the ones who do/try more but may make many small mistakes than the ones who always follow the rules and never make mistakes?
Why should I be careful who I call ugly in middle school?
What and all should be learnt as fresher in database?
What is the most coolest thing you see in a life?
For veterans and active duty military, what are some important lessons you learned while serving?
What is most important in the life of a student?
What things suddenly made sense when you realised you had aphantasia?
Do you think Indians don't accept their mistakes?
What's the most valuable lesson your father taught you?
Do we learn enough from elderly people?
Is there something you hate about yourself? If yes, then what? And why?
After doing a BBA, I have wasted three years. How can I get my life back on track?
What are some good things that can be learnt (see description)?
What does success mean to you and what decides success in our life?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments?
At which point in your life did you realize that life is unfair?
When was the moment you realized you were a horrible person?
What’s something you wish you had?
How do I resolve this relationship mess? Moreover, how should I face myself? I agree I made mistakes, so how do I overcome this dark phase?
How do I ask better questions to get better answers?
How can small vows bring drastic and exponential changes in how we live life?
What are things you must do at least once in your life?
What is the best 'like a boss' moment of your life?
What are the things we need to do to make our lives better?
What is the most stupid decision you ever made in your life?
What is the worst thing you've ever done or been done to you?
How can I turn my life around at 16?
What lessons have you learnt from your failures?
What is the most important thing that needs to be learned?
What important things you have learned from your children?
What is the one thing in life that you value the most?
What is the nicest thing you've done for a friend?
What's the most important thing you should have accomplished in life by age 30 years old?
Is life worth living when I'm a heartless dick?
Would you ever repeat the biggest mistake you've done in your life?
What's the stupidest thing you did while you were drunk?
What is it like to lose employment and go back to staying with your parents?
What have bankers learnt from demonetisation?
What are the best way to teach lesson to stone-pelters in Kashmir?
What are ways that Quora can ruin your life?
Is it easy to perform and accomplish things when there is little or no expectation of you?
What are the experiences that built you?
How can I balance issues regarding family, responsibilities, a job, dreams, etc.? What should I do now?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you and doesn't even know it?
What is something that you did in good fun, but that you now regret the most?
What makes you realize life is beautiful and interesting? Do you experience each and every moment of it with full involvement?
What does cooking teach you about life?
Which situation completely changed your life?
Which thing hurt your heart in life?
What’s your favourite photo?
What is the fastest way to learn how to trade without having to pay for all these expensive lessons and seminars?
What are some real life lessons that can be learned from the book "The Art of War"?
What is that one thing which someone said to you that distanced you from them?
What is something that other people might have regrets about but you don't have regrets about?
What was the most not wasted life in all history?
What is the most Jugadu thing you have ever seen/done?
How is ruthlessness important in life?
What life lesson(s) did you learn from F.C. Barcelona's remarkable comeback?
In a deterministic life, what control do you have over life events?
What is the most important thing you have learned in life?
How can I get over this regret of my life that I made a stupid decision of choosing a wrong college?
What has your last relationship taught you?
What is the most important thing to do in order to maintain peace in life?
I broke my finger punching someone to try and teach him a lesson, but he appears fine. What should my excuse be in school?
Lagging in career while leading in life lessons. How far is it okay or better?
What were the things you wish you knew during your first year at UT Austin as a transfer student?
What are some of the most important things you learn in your English College course?
What makes a person make the same mistakes over and over again?
What are some things you wish you knew before starting your program at HEC Paris?
If you see your whole life on a number line, would you change some moments of it?
What's the heaviest thing you've ever seen?
What are some examples of life-altering expenses you incurred due to bad/lazy/naive decisions you made during the earlier part of your life?
How do I deal with severe and consecutive failures in life?
What is the hardest decision you have made and also you are proud of it?
What was the one incident which made you realize that the person you cared for the most (friends) did not deserve your attention?
What is the one thing in life that is non-negotiable?
If you changed an important event, how would it impact life today?
What is the biggest mistake of a student?
What did you do earlier in your life that you thought was cool, but later on realised that you shouldn't have done that?
If you had the opportunity to either relive one experience in your life or change the outcome of one, which would you choose and why?
What’s your biggest regret?
If you are blessed with a boon that you can change 1 day in your life in history that will set your life in a different course, would you do it?
If you asked yourself "what is the one thing in the world I would like to have that I don't have," what would it be?
Why is my life so difficult?
Why is it that it takes most of us so long to realize the one thing that holds us back in life more then anyone or anything else is ourselves?
When times are tough, what is the best advice you have ever heard?
Is life only about being successful?
I'm looking to create 'real-life safety tips' for different sectors. Do you have a story around a scary situation faced at work? What are the lessons learnt?
If you could teach one lesson to Indian liberals what would it be?
What are the causes of small and big tragedies of life?
How can one know what constitutes the true calling of his/her life?
Is learning lessons online from dating coaches like Adam Lyons helpful?
If you could fix one regret in life, what would you fix? Would it actually make your life better, or are you the way you are because of it?
What's the most unexpected thing that's ever happened to you?
What's the biggest lesson you have learned from your past?
What is the most cringy thing you did in school?
What is the most stupid thing you have ever done in your life?
What are the qualities/lessons which one can learn from a pencil?
What are the simple rule of life to be successful?
If you could remake one decision in your life, what would it be? And what advice can you give others about making this decision?
My boss has made a mistake with my paycheck, what should I do?
Which incident in your life embarrased you the most?
Did I make a mistake by quiting my job​? I left my job yesterday & instantly realized that I made a mistake.
If you have been chasing something with all that you could, the most cherished thing of your life, and still haven’t gotten it, is that destined to be or not?
What is the most stupid life hack you've learned?
What are examples where two things are only a manifestation of one thing?
Should I work hard and sacrifice fun to achieve my goals or just go through life and enjoy every moment to the fullest?
Which kind of life do you prefer, a challenging one or a stable one?
What moment of your life has made the strongest impact on who you are?
What is one story or fable that changed your whole outlook on life?
What is the boldest thing your parent has ever done?
I'm stupid, and I have enough anecdotal evidence to show for it. What are some things I should do to better my chances at "making it" in life?
What is the solution for the biggest mistake done in life?
What are philosophies everyone should learn from, even questionable ones?
What is the most important lesson you learned from your ex-love?
What is one thing you feel you will never be able to endure?
If you were to give me one life advice based on YOUR life experiences, what would it be?
What lessons have I learned when traveling?
What were your regrets in each decade of your life?
What should one do in the ages 25-30 to not regret wasting those years later in life? I'm not just asking about money or work, but life in general.
What privilege do you have, that most people don't?
What's the importance of smartphones in our life?
What are some valuable lessons from history that we can adopt in everyday life?
What are the most amazing life lessons you have learnt while traveling somewhere?
What are some lessons you've learned while going on tour?
They say that “fools learn from their experiences, while the wise learn from history"; Do you agree or disagree and why?
What makes you hopeful in life?
How long is the previous enslavement of our ancestors relevant for in a personal way, and not just as a lesson from history?
What is the most important thing in the life of a single person?
What is your biggest life regret so far?
What is by far the best thing to ever happen to you?
What difference truly makes a difference in life?
What things do you never want to change about Odisha?
Is there anything you miss and regret?
What are some things you wish you had known about investing 10 years ago?
What's the biggest mistake you've made when leading an engineering team?
What's that one important thing that you've realised too late in life but will still help you in the future?
What's the rationale behind going to school when life's greatest lessons are learnt on a day-to-day basis?
What's behind the mentality of one man made a mistake, now everyone has to suffer for it?
What have you learned from the movie Captain Fantastic?
What is the biggest blunder in your life and you are still repenting for it?
My life feels screwed. What should I do?
What is the most disruptive thing that ever happened within your supply chain?
How badly does your life suck?
What is the most negative force you have ever experienced?
If you could change a single decision in your life, which decision would that be and why?
What is more important study or life-experience?
What have been the events in your life which made you feel there is a law governing things around us?
How can I get rid of negativity from my life?
Did you ever ignore a dream, and later realize it had an important meaning to it? Did you regret it?
Can you share your experience of trying hard to become something in life but failed and now leading a life of mediocrity?
What is the best thing that you heard today?
What is the best thing you learn out of engineering life?
Do you have a photograph that changed your life, or a photograph of a moment that changed your life?
What is worth-respecting in everybody's life?
What important lessons has life taught you?
What is the one thing that you have learned which most of the aspirants are missing out during their preparation?
What are some of the most powerful context framing questions or models that have affected real change for you in any avenue of life?
What are all the things you will do if you have one week left of your life?
Why is asking questions important for learning new things in life?
Have you experienced any paranormal activity at any point in your life?
What is something that you want to do but will most likely regret?
Where can I learn online golf lessons in Kolkata?
What are 10 easy things that can change your life?
What are the silliest mistakes you have ever made in an exam?
To those of you who didn't go to university/college, do you feel like you missed out?
How can science be learnt?
How does Assam’s most celebrated lawyer, Bijon Mahajan, approach a criminal case? What lessons can we learn from him?
How do memories of past failed relations affect your present success/failure in life?
What is one thing you wish you had learned earlier in life?
What do to in life, after you realize you have done nothing so far worth it?
What is the most insane thing that you've done to your teacher?
What is the biggest lesson you learned from world history?
What are the most essential things in our life?
What are some things you can do in high school to help you later on in life?
What do you do with your life if you've made a mistake or had an unchecked assumption in orthography or grammar?
What are the lessons that can be learned from the films targeting young women?
How can you be close to death's door, and regret so much all that you still never had time to do?
I'm 19. How can I get over my life being a failure?
Should I live a just life?
What is the hardest thing to get good at?
Which books teach us NLP?
What are the things that only grandparents can teach you?
Have you ever felt like your life was perfect or complete? If so, when?
Data resembles hieroglyphs in a way; can we avoid making the same mistake of rendering our civilization impossible to understand by future ones?
What mistakes can I avoid during college?
What do I do if I dont know who I am?
What is the best thing that one can do for his family?
What events in your life made you less trusting of others?
What are the three hardest things to say?
What is the one thing which you’ve never shared with anyone from Banglore?
What is the best thing you came across today?
What is that one thing or memory you would like to change from your past?
What's the most important thing you've learned in growing a business that you wish you knew sooner (something that you won't learn in school)?
How do I avoid having regrets?
Should we regret the glorification of startups?
What do you want most out of life?
Which is your hardest secret till now?
What are some important lessons of life that are to be learnt?
What is the best buy you've ever made with one buck, that changed your life?
What is the worst thing you have ever seen in the medical profession and did you ever regret your career choice?
How would you summarize the grand strategy that drove your life and what lesson can you draw?
What is one stupid thing you bought that you don't regret?
Why am I so bad at life?
What is the number 1 lesson you have learned as a business owner?
Is it good for us to make mistakes in our life?
What must the chance of you having a perfect life be, for you to risk screwing it over completely?
What's the fastest thing ever?
How do we wait for the things which we want from life?
What are the new things in SEO that you learnt in 2017?
Is it better to (falsely) believe that you are beautiful or to know that you look average and love yourself anyway?
How do I become wiser in life, and how do I accept things that are out of my control?
My life is screwed up, what should I do?
What is the stupidest mistake you’ve ever made?
What should I do in my life that will make my life more interesting?
What are good things that I should know about life/friendship that will get me far in life?
What we can learn from cricket in life?
How do I move to a new city in a new state to start a new life when I can barely afford to pay the bills I have now let alone be able to save for it?
Is there any one who see any mysterious things in their life?
What is the greatest thing you achieved in the year 2016?
What is one thing that experienced bloggers wish they had known way back in the beginning, when they first started?
What have your pets taught you about yourself?
If you are given a chance to change one thing in your life, what will you choose to change?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
Why we don't learn life lessons by our parents?
What is the biggest mistake you made that you did not tell anyone?
What has been your biggest obstacles in life, fitness, and relationships?
What is the one decision you regret the most, if it went wrong or very badly?
Do you think everyone should accept others as who they are and try not to change things?
What has living for over 20 years taught you about life and the world you live in as a human being?
What struck you as you got older as an 'ah I get it now' about your younger self?
Morgan Evans: What do you regret the most in your life?
What is the most constant thing in life?
Why is it so hard to do the little thing that would improve my life?
What are some powerful life lessons?
What are the things we must give up to be successful in life?
How do I handle failure in my life?
What is the hardest yet most important lesson you’ve learned in your life?
What 10 things must I experience in my life?
If you were a life coach, what is the best practical advice you could could give a socially akward person?
Which one person shaped your life?
What were the most interesting things you learned from your interviews with MacArthur winners?
What was the best moment of your life, where you would like to pause it forever?
What is most complicated thing in your life?
What is the hardest and most ambiguous moral choice you had to make in your life?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
What situation makes one’s life more valuable to live?
What's the biggest mistake that Apple made since 2011?
What lessons did you learn after giving the NEET 2017?
What is the hardest thing you have ever thought?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you and you deserved?
What are the lessons you learned by travelling?
If you had the option to repair some mistake that you've made at some point in your life, which would be, and what would be the reason?
Who changed your life for the better?
How can school change your life?
What was your most memmorable experience in life?
What was the weirdest chance circumstance in your life?
What is an important thing you have lost?
What is the best thing about being a lesbian?
What IS the GOAL of OUR life?
What are some traditionally gender-specific life lessons that the other gender should learn too?
What's the saddest thing you've overheard?
What one thing could I do to enjoy life indelibly?
Are there things you wish you had done with your kids when they were younger (around 5 to 10 years old)?
Which are the most important things you should do, when migrating to the Cloud?
What is the one thing you realized that made your life happy?
What did you understand after meditation?
What is the best thing about being in the IAS?
What is the one thing in this world that is preventing you from killing yourself and why?
Looking back on your life, what choice are you most glad you made?
Is hope a good thing or bad thing?
Have your parents ever done anything mean to you to teach you a lesson?
What’s the best way to enjoy life in Hosur?
What is the single most important thing for someone to remember for the rest of their life?
You've been given one wish but you can only use it for someone other than yourself, so what's your wish?
What books have allowed you to see life completely differently?
Would you teach me something you wished you had learned in school or at university?
What are the most important lessons you've learnt doing UX design over the years?
What is the best advice you have ever received on social media?
What is the happiest thing in your life? What is the thing about your life that satisfies you the most?
What are some of the choices you've made that made you who you are?
Have you notice people criticizing blunders in history repeat same mistakes in their personal life?
What's the best life lesson you learned?
What is one thing in economics that would be useful throughout my life?
What is that one thing which you want to let it out?
Should I listen to my heart or brain?
What is the worst thing your boyfriend does to punish you and give you a lesson to learn?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What's something which has ruined your life?
What is the life changing movement?
What is the importance of safety in Physical Education lessons? What do you do when a student gets injured during a lesson?
What are the best experiencies of life?
If you could guarantee one thing for tomorrow, what would it be?
What are the greatest life incidents of Swami Vivekananda?
What have you learnt from Mr. Bean?
What is the most important thing when we are going to be 30?
What life lessons require generational knowledge to handle adequately?
As an artist, what is the one thing you would tell your younger self which could have improved your art career?
What was the toughest moment/phase in your life? How did you handle it? Do you think you handled it well?
What is the one thing that you will never forgive yourself for?
Who or what has made the biggest difference in your life and how?
What is the most awkward thing that ever happened to you in your life?
What lessons can be learnt from Twitter’s Vine?
What is the only one thing that you prevent yourself to do but you want to do?
If one wrong mistake you have made in the past could determine your fate in life, what could have possibly happened to you?
How do I simplify things in life and focus on what is important?
What is the most kind and meaningful thing you can say to a woman?
What are some of the lessons you have learnt being an entrepreneur?
What is the most interesting thing you've ever received in the post?
What was the hardest decision of your life?
What and how do you apply some learned skills/knowledge to real life?
How do I think big and make big accomplishments in life?
What things in life made you feel life very short/long/slow/fast?
What is the life changing truth you wish everyone knew about God?
What is the thing about your life that pinches you everytime?
What is your best positive innervoice that affected someone's life?
I can't hold on any longer, every moment of my life is a torture. What can I do?
How can I be the one I want to?
What's the biggest change you've made in your life? And how did you know it was time to make it?
What are the best experiences of real life?
What is the best thing you’ve heard a teacher say?
What is the one thing you want permanent in your life?
What's one lie you wish you hadn't actually told?
What is the one thing you wish you had done in your teenage years?
What must I do in life?
What are the biggest mistakes of a persons life?
How has winning the lotto ruined the winner's life?
What improvements would you like to make in the existing Internet architecture? What would be the most important things?
When dealing with contractors, who pays for their mistakes?
What is the one thing one should do when there is nothing else left to say?
What's the only thing scarier than one angsty teen?
What is the biggest mistake Narendra Modi ever made?
What is your biggest regret in your college life and why?
What is the one thing you regret having not asked your spouse before marriage?
What are the best advantages you can get in life?
Why has choosing to follow your intuition been the best thing you've done for your life?
What was the moment when you learnt to appreciate everything that surrounds you?
What advice would you give to your younger self just about to sign the mortgage contract on your first home?
What is the best thing someone has taught you about relationships?
What has the most traumatic part of your life taught you?
Why is this world so screwed up?
At this point in my life, why does it feel like a life lesson I'm being taught is that if you are loving, you will be treated poorly?
Have you ever had a child say something that changed your life? If so, what was it?
What are the most wonderful things happen in your life?
Have the worst things that life has put you through made you a better person who is glad that they had the experiences regardless?
What is a mistake that everyone makes?
What is the best thing and the worst thing (if any) that has happened to you because of your name?
Which things make your life beautiful?
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made with your hard earned money?
What is more important, to struggle or to live a peaceful life?
What are some unexpected and sudden changes in life?
How do you stay driven?
What is an important lesson or piece of wisdom you can share about life?
Why are we not learning from past mistakes but repeating the same mistakes again and again?
What is it about life that keeps us running?
How can I live life to the fullest and love myself in the process?
What is the best thing your country's government has ever done?
What is the fashion advice that you wish you had known while you were young?
What is one thing you wish you would have known before entering graduate school?
What are the 3 biggest learnings you wished you knew when you started FundBox?
What principles have you learned to live a better life?
What were the most painful words of your life?
I just turned 20. What are some good pieces of advice (school, life, romance etc.)?
What is the turning point of your life? And are you happy after that?
What is that one healthy habit that has changed your life?
What is your best advice for turning losses into wins?
How do I seem to always take the long road in life and always having to struggle? Why do some get such an easy life?
What is the most depressing fact about your life?
What is the best life lesson you learnt the hard way?
What is the worst stage of life?
How can we face the trials & tribulations of our life with courage?
What is one thing you want to say to Quora?
How do you distinguish regret from shame?
What are your failures, and how have you learned from them?
What are the most important learnings of life?
What are some of the things that you should do before turning 50 years old?
Have you come to know that you are wasting your life?
How did it feel when you faced the first biggest loss in your life? How did you overcome it?
If I wore colored contacts my whole life, would I regret it in the end?
Is "We don't have time" the biggest excuse in life?
How can I change my life around and attract greater things?
What is the hardest thing in Buddhism?
How can one live alone his whole life without regrets?
Which five things do you want to change?
What are the recent changes you brought in your life?
How can I stop looking back to the past and questioning why things in my life are suddenly better now?
What useful knowledge/things have you learned from anime?
What are some lessons that life teaches you?
What is the best thing one can do everyday throughout his life?
What was the best decision you made during college that helped you succeed most in life post-graduation?
Why is it easier to preach, especially the life lessons?
What are Buddha’s lessons for life?
What is the absolutely worst thing you have ever experienced?
What's one thing that you honestly regret?
What central lessons have we learnt from the Orange Revolution in Ukraine, the Arab Spring, Brexit, Trump and all such populism?
What is the most stupid thing you have done to cover-up something?
I am still regretful about my decision that I made two years ago. And this mistake has been affecting my life. What can I do?
What does it mean to “live life to the fullest”?
What are some of the most memorable classic stories in English that you remember from high school, and what lessons did you learn from them?
What is the one thing in your life that makes you feel alive?
What item that you bought recently did you find very useful and made you wish you had it before?
What are some things that people have learnt too late in life?
What is the best karmic lesson you have learned?
What is your best time/moment/thing ever in life?
What has been your biggest mistake ever?
What are Indians’ “must do” or “at least try once” things in life for entertainment?
When I do Maths slowly, I tend to make mistakes, but when I do it very fast, I don't make any mistakes, what's the reason?
What would be that piece of advice you would like to give to an Odisha people?
Is there anyone in your life you have encountered that you wish you could have one more conversation with?
What is the greatest and the worst thing in our life for a human being?
What should people learn in their life at least once even if it’s painful?
What does Daniel Craig teach us?
How do you know that people realized their mistake?
Why is a smile the most important thing in life?
What's the most important thing to learn when moving from a small development team to a large one?
What is a rule of the universe or life you have learned in your life?
What is the stupidest thing you have been coaxed into doing?
What is that thing that you realised recently you were doing wrong all your life?
What's that one thing you never regretted about?
What life lessons can I learn from Mark Zuckerberg?
Where can I find out about a prostitute’s life?
What is the best life lesson that you have learned while traveling solo?
When can India teach Pakistan a lesson?
What was the turning point of your life, and how did it change your life, either negatively or positively?
What is the most important thing for Michael Fitzin’s life?
What is the most life-changing event in your life?
What's the most naive/misguided business decision you have ever made?
What do you still deeply fear doing no matter how many times you've repeated it in the past?
I almost passed out from stress because of a lesson my teacher did. Is that considered too far for a lesson?
Is life worth living after 30?
What is the hardest thing done by mankind?
How do you turn your life around after you screwed up big time?
Do all geniuses succeed in life?
Is admitting mistakes and misjudgements something that a polician should or should not do?
How do you become more important in one’s life when they are committed?
Has there ever been a moment in your life when you wanted to give up?
What can be learnt from this video with Bruce Lee that can be applied in everyday life?
What is your biggest blessing in life? And why?
What made you realize that you are okay the way you are?
What are the most important lessons you learned from the military?
Which thing is mostly imported in Assam?
What is the most heroic thing you have ever seen someone do for their child?
What is the most intriguing thing in life?
What is some advice learned over a career that can help juniors?
What is the most important and fascinating thing in life for people who have it all? Is it success or is it having a child? What is it?
What are the importance of learning and determining the course of a person's life?
What are some undeniable facts about life?
What is the worst mistake you had made in life and if given chance you will definitely undo that. What we can learn from your mistake?
What is the most important thing or matter that approaches anyone to do anything?
What is the one thing you have done in your life which required a lot of self-control?
How do I get successful in life after so many mistakes?
Why do some people harsher or make fun of intelligent people who make mistakes?
Why don’t people with BPD ever learn from their mistakes in life?
What's the most satisfying thing you've realized in the past 24 hours?
What are some good excuses to not show up at my tennis class, which is every Friday?
What are the ways to change my life?
What is something you wish you had?
What are some important things in the world that need to be done?
What's one thing you decline to pay for?
What are the things that change your life for the better?
I made some really big mistakes unintentionally and I can't enjoy life anymore. How can I move on?
What are the best study hacks which can actually be life changing?
What's the most useful or interesting thing you learned on Quora and who was the contributor?
What are the things you wished an AI could do in a better way?
What is that one incident with government employee of your life which you solve with using technology?
At what moment in your life did you realize you were smarter than your parents?
What is one lesson you wish your parents taught you while you were still young?
What you have done up to now to satisfy yourself?
If doctors could offer one piece of advice to people, what would that be?
I regret not going to the ceremony. How shall I overcome this regression?
What are some things that I should experience while I am young that most people miss out on?
What is your greatest dream of life?
When was a time that you realized you had advanced greatly at something?
Is it true that people who try to make others happy are often unhappy themselves? If not, where did this false info come from?
Do we learn more from finding out we have made mistakes or from our successful actions?
Can you explain your life as a YouTuber?
What one thing do you wish that you had done earlier in your life, because now it’s too late?
At what point in your life did you realize that your bad decisions and attitude were ruining your life and you decided to turn around?
What did you regret not doing in your youth?
What is the way of life?
Regarding wikitribune, what lessons can be learned from editorial struggles at Wikipedia, such as in interpreting conflicting information?
What was that moment when you felt proud?
All of your life, your parents have taught you. What have you taught your parents?
What are a few things that we need to stop to succeed in life?
What is the sickest thing you have ever seen?
What lessons have you learned?
What are the mistakes Ravana made, other than kidnapping Sita?
What is the smartest piece of advice you have ever gotten from your child?
Which was your beautiful moment in life?
Have you ever left a job and changed your life? What is it like?
Did you have a moment in life where you wished you weren't born?
If you could grow only one thing, and it was the only thing you could have for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What are some things we never knew we needed?
What is that one thing that teaches us a lot about life?
What is the worst social mistake possible?
Why is it so hard for some people to look in the mirror take responsibility their actions, while others can admit their mistakes and faults to grow?
What is the worst or the best thing in your life and in what way has that changed you? What kind of connection do you expect from a person?
Why can't I learn from my mistakes? Why am I so ignorant?
What could be a life-changing experience?
What's the stupidest thing you've believed in the news?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
What are the things that you wish you could have had in your 20′s?
Has anyone tried suicide and failed but then learned a great lesson from it?
What failure changed your life?
What was the last thing you wished you could do before starting a job?
What are some of the best things that you have learnt from your favourite TV serial/movie character?
Can you mention one such piece of advice given by your friend, that has helped you come a long way in life?
What is the most problematic thing in life?
What lessons can other franchises learn from Fast and Furious?
How do I face the change in my life?
What do you regret of doing which you could have ignored?
What lessons can a person learn from another person?
What are some life changing stories of great people?
What is the creepiest thing you have ever experienced?
What is the best business advice you've ever received or given?
What is the stupidest thing you have done after getting high?
What mistake have I made?
What is that one thing you want to repeat in your life?
Why don't we ever come across any self made failure stories?
How can you ruin someone else's life in one week?
What was the most exciting moment you experienced in life?
If there was one physical thing you could change about yourself, what would it be & why? How has it affected your life for the worse?
What is the best thing you've ever learned from YouTube?
How does life change post-college for popular college kids?
What are the best pieces of advice you can tell an 18-year-old from your life experiences? Especially related to friendships and social life.
How do you get your life back on track after a blunder?
When was the point in your life where you realized that you were financially free? What did you do then?
What have you learned in Go that transferred to life out of the board?
Have you ever planned a large-scale operation? What lessons did you learn?
What is your most regretful moment and how has it changed you?
Radical changes in life are hard to accept. How does one accept such changes?
What is the best advice you got from your customers?
What are the things which you wanted to do and you did but regretted later on?
What is the most interesting thing you can do right now sitting in your own place?
What is the most inhumane thing you've ever seen?
What is the best stage of life?
Are there things that should remain secret?
Which experience in your life has most impacted the way you look at God?
What is the most saddest situation in your life?
Has your parent ever made any incredbly correct decision you couldn't understand at that time?
What are the main lessons of your life?
What lessons should one learn in the 20s to lead a financially successful life?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
What are the bitter facts about a successful life?
What does it take to be an adult? What are the things you wish you would've known before becoming one?
What is one phrase that will change my outlook on alcohol forever?
What are the ten most important things I should do daily to be a better person?
What are the top 5 regrets of life?
What is the most important thing you could do right now in your personal life?
How do you go back to being your younger self?
What are some tricky things in life?
What are the things in life which are worth suffering for?
Is life all about doing the right things?
Do your past actions and mistakes disturb you?
What are some tricks that you have learnt accidentally?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve witnessed in school?
Do you ever regret opening up to certain people?
How do I get inner Peace?
Have you learnt any science on Quora?
What advice did someone give you to improve the quality of your life?
What are the things that never happens but you wish to happen?
What was the one thing you wished school would have taught you? What is the subject you found the least useful in your adult life so far?
What one thing do you wish you had known about life when you were in your 20s?
What is the best reason to live life to the fullest?
Which topic made changes in your life? In which way?
What is the biggest turned in your life that brought to succes and move forwards?
What is it about turning 30 that seems to almost completely change women's perspectives on themselves and life?
Do some people achieve things "late" in life?
What are the things we can or can't change?
Does God want us to live life to the fullest, and why?
What was a choice that you have made?
What is the most important thing in Christianity?
If you wrote a letter to your younger self, what would it say? Please be appropriate!
How do I remain neutral to all the events happening around me?
What are the ways to evaluate quality in every aspect of life?
What are five important lessons that India can learn from developments in the last 500 years in world history?
What event has greatly impacted your life?
As an Odisha boy or man, what would be the one piece of advice you'd want to give to an Odisha girl/woman?
What do people regret the most once they turn 90?
What things have you done this year that has changed your life in general and why?
What are the top grammar lessons you wish everyone understood?
What was the hardest moment you had ever felt?
What​ is the most vital yet small things we miss to do in life?
What one thing do you want to undo from your life?
What is the point of animal life, and from this, what is the point of human life?
What is the greatest thing that your pet has taught you?
What was the worst purchase you’ve ever made?
What is one small thing that you do that has changed your life for the better?
What is the worst piece of advice that you can give someone who is heading into high school?
Why does nobody tell you that you may regret having kids?
What is the best thing according to you about being a part of Quora?
What is the most extreme thing you have done to save a relationship?
How do I express my disappointment with someone due to their bad behaviour with sweetness and politeness?
What was the single most important thing you did to build your business and increase your profits?
Which preposition should I fill in the blank: "I wished that I_____come earlier"?
What has been your most interesting day in life so far? Why is it so?
What is a book that no one has heard of but changed your life?
What things in life are just not fair?
If you could do one thing to improve Quora, what would it be?
What do you do to be forgiven by the most important person in your life?
What is the saddest time of your life?
I have been a failure till graduation. Can I do something in life?
What is the biggest mistake that Smith made in the IPL 2017 final?
What is the biggest thing you have overcome in your life?
How important is a library in your life?
What are the lessons people most often learn too early in life?
What should be the most important thing to all above eighteen years of age?
What (one thing) do you do that you think everyone could benefit from doing?
What is the that you did it in fun and now regret it the most?
Why did Lena Dunham ruin Hannah’s life?
What's the worst personal advice you've ever read on Quora?
If you could give your younger self advice as you were entering university, what would it be?
What is the most Assamese thing ever?
What's the meaning of 'the world you seek to undo your mistakes is different from where they were made'?
Wondering what life is really all about?
Which works better when there are school bullies, fighting back or ignoring them?
What do you think is the most important thing of an event?
What is the smallest thing you done everyday that changed your life?
What was your most hilarious moment so far this year, in 2017?
What should people know before turning 30?
I know I am not living my life to the fullest because of my insecurities w/ my body, but can't bring myself to workout due to laziness. What can I do?
What was your biggest management failure?
What is the role of decision making in life?
What kind of life do you want?
Did you skip classes when you were young? Do you regret it now?
When did you realize you're successful?
What's your one big regret?
What are the lessons learned from past earthquakes?
What is a beautiful moment in your life that you wouldn’t mind sharing with people?
Where can I find the best lesson plans?
What are the famous incidents in Mahrshi Dayanand Sarswati's life?
What is the most useful advice anyone ever gave you?
Why do people fear situations and regret it later?
What were some radical changes in your life that totally changed the way you looked at it?
Why do people fail to understand the importance of life and give up due to failure?
How do I recover from a bad experience in life?
What is the real disaster in one's life?
What are you doing now that you will regret in due time?
What is one thing that only an excellent cook knows?
When nothing seems to work out (in life), what is the one thing you look up to?
Which was the right decision that turned into the biggest mistake of your life? How did you learn a lot from that?
What's been that one thing which you like a lot but you don't need in your daily life?
What was the one thing that made you finally drop your affection for someone?
Which incident made you an atheist?
Have you ever felt that your life changed after an event?
Does it require loads of money to live life to the fullest? If not, how?
Was there any incident/accident in your life that turned your life uspide down or changed your worldview completely?
How can a girl change your life forever?
What is the biggest sin you have committed yet you don't regret it?
What is the best thing to do in life for your parents?
What are the three biggest mistakes that people make in their 20s?
Which one is better, studying the previous lesson after class or studying the previous lesson right before learning a new lesson?
What are the best 10 things you've ever purchased?
What are the best things that Bhutan can teach rest of the world?
What have you realized that really shocked you?
What changes have you made in your life using will power?
What are some best life hacks or advice you can give to a Kota student?
Other than car keys, what are the most valuable things that criminals can steal from a typical family home?
What are some of the important things that should be managed in life, before time?
What is that one thing you want to do but you really can't do or it’s impossible to do?
When did you first realise that you'd made it as a creative?
Is it ok if I expect my friends/relatives/anyone to guide me when in a bad patch, or should I consult a psychiatrist/counselor?
Have you ever had a "why did I do this" moment?
What is the most motivational piece of advice out there?
What needs to be done if your life is screwed?
What are your 5 mistakes in life which taught you invaluable lesson/wisdom?
Do you believe on the people who share their unordinary life experiences (stories)?
What are some good ideas for making life awesome?
What is that one thing that makes Quora special to you?
When you were a kid (ages 8-12) did you ever get into a fight? What was it like? Did it hurt? What lessons did you learn from them?
What is the biggest mistake you made that no one ever noticed?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
Is my life's worth measured in marks?
Are the best things in life free? Yes or no?
What would be the life lessons learned at an all-girl private school/college?
How can I get over making embarrassing mistakes all the time?
What do you want the most in life? Answer in a single line.
What can you do right this moment to make a change?
Is it wrong that you want to be so many things in your life? Is that possible?
What one thing changed you as a human and took you where you are today?
How much of an impact has school had on your life as of now?
What are life lessons, or morals you can learn from Forrest Gump?
Can you name any genuine examples where travel changed someone's life for the better?
How do you stop ruminating over bad events and experiences in your life?
How do I analyze my life's mistakes?
Why don’t people understand very basic and simple things in life?
What would be the lesson learnt from the Sri Lankan civil war?
What is the most confounding thing you've ever experienced?
What is happening in life?
How difficult is it to live life without a family?
What is the most important thing you have learned recently?
What are some of the greatest life lesson teaching books?
How can I make the most of my life from now on (I’m turning 16 this April!)?
What are things that can make my life easier/more fulfilled: from girls, to time management to being my best self?
What is the most insightful video, quote, or advice you have seen or been given in life?
What's the most kind thing you've ever seen?
What are the lessons of failure in entrepreneurship?
How do I get over a huge mistake I have made in the past?
What are the best life changes you’ve experienced?
Have you ever regretted having a tattoo?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What should a failed entrepreneur having no money and no support do?
Any skills that a teenager can learn that will get them some good bucks and lessons in life (experience)?
What is the most important thing that happened in your life until now?
What has been the hardest phase of your life?
What are some dark facts about life?
Would you prefer landline days vs now?
What is the one thing that you strongly believe?
Had there been any incident when you decided to admit mistake to parents after big mistake. How did it went?
What point in your life made you feel the most insignificant?
Does competition ruin or make students’ lives?
I've received three diagnoses that changed how I live my life. If you've received a life-changing diagnosis, what did you do? How did you handle it?
What life lessons does every man learn?
What's one thing that teachers wish they could tell their students but don't?
How do you change someone's life forever?
What's your worst investment decision you still regret?
What ways can you use your imagination to your advantage?
Are you proud of the life you are living?
What was the biggest confession you ever made to your parents?
What are girls mostly mad at in their life?
What is a simple everyday delightful moment you have had recently?
What will happen if your career decision goes wrong, and how do you overcome the regret when that happens?
What was the hardest study schedule of your life?
At what moment in your life did you realize who you are?
What are the philosophies/lessons you learnt in karate or at a dojo that you attended?
What are some of the best novels about life lessons?
What are some interesting examples of life timelines or life maps?
What was one of the most defining moments of your life and how did it change you into a better person (if it did)?
How do I stop quitting all of my activities?
What is the smartest thing you did when you were a child?
What classes, internships, certificates, or experiences do you wish you had explored when you were in college?
How do I put a mistake that I made a few years ago to rest? There will never be any closure for what I did. I need to accept what I did.
What was the lowest point of your life and how did you get out of it?
How did you spectacularly mess up your life and how did you recover from it?
I can't figure out what I would want to do with my life if I were to die tomorrow. Is something wrong with me?
How can we design a program, using which we can intellectually grow 20%-30% annually, especially in the age of twenties?
What is the most important thing that you have done in life yet not at all boastful of?
What is that one thing you wish had never existed in Bollywood?
How do I turn my life around? Where do I begin?
What is the one thing you want to stop in society?
What is one thing you worked hard for but never got?
How can life change in 1 minute?
What story from your life will you take to your grave?
How can I remember what I learnt?
Have you ever realized that you were fighting for the wrong cause?
Has anyone ever regretted going into engineering?
What's the one class or course you didn't take when you had the chance that you wish you had?
What do you wish you had done more of and less of when you were younger?
What happens if you practice respect for all life?
Do people learn from their mistakes or do they keep making the same ones?
What are the worst mistakes people make in job interviews?
What is the most important life lesson you've learned to date?
Do you think you have the most devastating life and why?
What was the single greatest event that changed your life, and how did it change you and your life?
If you had one regret about your twenties what would it be?
When you realise that you have put yourself into big trouble and now have to live with the guilt of not changing that in the past, how do you go about life?
Which is the one thing that gives you hope for life when all you want to do is die?
Why do people exaggerate things about their life and boast them? When do they realize being real is more important?
If you could go back in time and give yourself one piece of advice as a web developer, what would it be?
What are the big mistake a person could do in their fifties?
How do I do something big in life?
What things, in general, are normal for a person to have in life? For those with an abusive childhood/life, they did not learn such things.
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
Is it normal to swear to yourself when you screw up?
If there was one thing that you wish the people around you knew about epilepsy that would make your life better, what would it be?
For harmonic oscillator potential, in the classical case, we say that a particle can never go beyond turning points because the velocity beyond the turning points is negative and makes no sense. What is its significance in quantum?
What are some things you have found to be completely useless and unnecessary?
Can you tell me about something you regret at first but later appreciated doing?
What was the one thing you did that ruined your whole life?
Do you ever wish that you would stop contemplating so much about life and be more productive to the world?
What’s the best piece of advice for female entrepreneurs when starting a business?
Have you ever ruined or wasted anyone's life?
What is the most important lesson sailing taught you?
Which are spiritual lessons learned from Holi festival?
What is that “one good thing” about you that you wish to see with everyone?
What was the mistake you had commited for which you never regretted?
What patenting mistakes can be easily avoided?
What's the unusual thing that ever happened in your comment section?
How can I be happy and positive everyday all the time?
What’s one of the worse moments/situations you’ve been in, regarding your sexuality?
What's one piece of business advice you wish you had gotten when you first started your lab?
What is the most painful moment of your life that no one knows?
What is the best advice you got when you lost all hopes in life?
What’s the thing you most regret not doing in your life?
What is the one thing you know you should not do but cannot stop yourself from doing it?
Have you ever regretted joining engineering?
What are some life lessons learnt from Charlie (Malayalam) movie?
If you could have one wish, what would be the weirdest thing that you would wish for?
How do I live with regrets for not enjoying my teenage years? I am 20 now, soon 21.
What is the most valuable advice your parents ever gave you, that worked?
Which was the greatest moment in your life?
What lessons can be learned from the Juicero debacle?
Does success mean money? How do we know that we are taking the right steps to be successful?
What things have changed in your life recently?
What are the good things you get in life that you think you do not deserve?
What lesson can be learned from the short story Sonny’s Blues?
Why did God make my life so crappy?
Do we realise the importance of failure?
What simple things yet have the potential to transform one's life?
Have you ever had a life-changing experience? What happened?
What was the most epic thing you've done?
As a GA pilot, what do you know now that you wish you had known when you got your PPL?
What is the most counterintuitive thing you've ever seen?
If you could relive one moment from your life before you die, what would it be?
Do borderline folks make the same mistakes over and over but never learn from it?
What are some things you wish you knew back when you used to write literary analysis essays in high school/college?
What makes you realize your life is miserable?
What are the things about politicians that you want to change?
Have Americans learned anything about cricket from Quora?
What were the lessons learned and your subsequent change of behavior?
What was that moment when you realised that you are changed?
What​ is that one small thing that makes your life "worth it?"
What was one significant challenge in your life, school, family or community that you had to overcome and what lesson(s) did you learn from it?
What are the most important things to comprehend and put into action in your life?
What is one thing you want to do but probably won't?
Can you describe your life experiences in just one or 3 phrases? What is your advice for young persons on the route of business and practical life?
Do you wish you never married?
What is some of the best life advice from yogic gurus?
What are some pieces of advice to help a young married couple get ahead financially?
What are some life changing experiences you had after your breakup?
Which are some of the things in life which proves as a blessing in disguise?
What are the things that only experience or a colleague will teach you?
I feel I have so many regrets in my life. What should I do to forget those regrets and improve my present life?
Who is your devil? How has he/she put a spell on your life?
What is your story of how you changed your life for the better after 30?
Will Srilanka be able to teach lesson to Tamilnadu for creating problems in their territory?
What's the most important thing you've learned from a children's book?
What is the one thing that would make you take someone's life?
Which lessons are learned from Leela Purushottam Bhagwan Sri Krishna Leela?
What are the things you wish you knew while you were pursuing CA?
What simple idea completely changed your life?
Does early speaking lead to fossilized mistakes?
What do you learn from Islam?
What is one incident which changed your view towards life and made you a different person?
What is that one confession you regret not making when intended?
Which is the most important rule one should follow in life?
What was the biggest lesson from History Hitler failed to learn?
What have you learnt from the aliens?
Have you ever had a reason to regret having shared personal things about yourself on Quora?
What are the toughest moments in a man's life?
What is a piece of advice that you wish somebody had told you before life taught you?
Should I regret past serious moral mistakes?
Why is it bad to avoid making mistakes?
What lessons have Baahubali franchise taught to Bollywood?
What are some things you wish you knew before becoming a freelancer?
Why is it so hard to find a mentor? Why are all the successful people so unwilling to share tips?
What do you regret most that you wish you had done during your IIT preparation?
When did you realise that money is the most important thing in life & nothing else matters in front of it?
Have you ever done something that you should regret, but that you did not regret?
What is the worst thing you said, then immediately regretted?
What changes in you makes your life good?
How much do you think is it important to have a life coach or a mentor?
What's the biggest mistake you ever made during an interview?
Did you ever bully anyone and later have regrets?
What is the one and only "thing" that you can't accept in your entire life?
What are the real life lessons we learn from the story of Karna in Mahabharata?
What's that one small thing you've done as a kid that you really regret?
What do I do, when I repeat mistakes unintentionally and hurt people?
What is the most difficult experience you've coped with in your life? How did you overcome it?
What are the most difficult challenges you faced in your life and what have you learned from them?
Of all the things in your life, what are you most grateful for?
What are the worst things about life as a medical student?
I'm graduating high school on Friday. What is one piece of advice you would give me?
How large and connected is your professional network? What lessons have you learned through “networking”?
What's one thing you would change about your high school experience?
What if death isn't a bad thing after all and could be the best thing to happen to a life?
What lessons in life have you gained from literature?
What are the lessons learned from Bahubali?
What are the most important things you can learn from a failed startup?
Why does life become screwed up just as we are about to complete engineering?
What is the most reckless decision you've made that had a good outcome?
What’s the most dangerous thing you could do?
How's your life changed now after you first failure?
What's the worst thing about Indian society?
What is your favourite quote that has changed your life?
If you can abolish one thing, what is it?
Why do people lie to themselves?
What are some tough things no one wants to hear but may need to?
What is one thing you had to buy but have almost never used?
What does it feel like to completely destroy someone's life?
What do we mean when we say, "You are wasting life"?
Do you have any big regrets?
What is the stupidest thing you or your friends have ever done?
What are some useful skills that can be learnt in two weeks?
Should you allow yourself to make mistakes you can avoid because you think you'll learn from them?
What important lessons about confidence can we learn from Buddhist philosophy?
What lessons from martial arts can people apply to the rest of their lives?
How does one live life in their own way?
Has someone ever ruined your life or tried to ruin your life?
Why is it so hard to learn from others' mistakes?
What is one piece of knowledge you wished you knew when you were younger?
Who do you think has really influenced your life? Why & how?
What's your best advice you've ever given or received?
What is the strangest thing that I can do with my life while I'm about 20 years old now?
Did the difficulties in your life change you for better or for worse?
Is it true that we can either be a leader or a follower but nothing in between?
Is there any incident in your life which made you laugh for more than 5 minutes?
What are the best lessons you've learnt from dating books?
Have you learned something important from life?
What have your dreams taught you about yourself?
What is the most messed-up thing you have ever seen?
What things would you change in you life, if you later realise that Allah doesn't exist?
What is the first step to take when getting your life back on track?
Name one anime that really changed your views on life forever?
What if a past mistake haunts the present?
What is the biggest thing you have taken inside of yourself and how long was it?
What are the ways to code your life?
Could you summarize your entire life and the lessons you learned?
What is it like to fail and rise up in life?
Has anyone ruined your life?
What is the most humiliating thing you had faced in your life?
My life is terrible, nothing is going my way. Why is my life suddenly turning bad and what can I do to stop it?
What would you write in a letter to your 25-year-old self?
How do you say "the most important thing" in Spanish?
What is some advice for someone turning thirteen?
What is the best thing you have seen about anime in real life?
What is the worst thing you have ever done up til today?
Do regret having gone to college when you did?
What are the best things your jobs have taught you (i.e., skills, determination, etc.)?
What are the most surprising lessons parents learn from the first few months of parenting?
What is the one thing you'd like to change in your past?
How do you know when life is teaching you a lesson?
Is there any instances that you regret for not confessing what you exactly feel about people around you before leaving school?
Have you ever regretted doing something you shouldn't have done or something you didn't do which you should have?
"Living life without regrets" is a nice motto, but what shall one do when he/she faces a crossroad and each road is as much important?
I want to send your children a new moral lesson to learn about each month. Would you subscribe to such a service?
What would the best version of yourself look like?
What day changed your life forever?
What are some of your life experiences that transformed you into a man (from a boy)?
Why is it very important that you do your own things by yourself?
What was the biggest mess up you've ever had in a competition?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
Will we ever learn?
What kinds of things do you learn from a bad breakup?
How should we make a life changing decision?
What're the important things in your life?
What is the ugliest and most regretting part of your life?
Why is it the negative things in my life that drive me towards success?
What would I learn from the army that I won’t learn by living a civilian life?
Is my life ruined if I fail to complete engineering in four years?
Has a random stranger's caustic comment pushed you to make a change in your life?
What life changing realization have you come to from traveling?
Which kind of habits can ruin a student's life?
Whose life is the most important?
Is there someone who has given IPS a preference over IAS? Don't you feel you've made a mistake, at a later point of your life?
What is the one thing that you regret doing to someone?
What are the things you wish you learned at age 18?
What lessons should audiences learn on how to respect black people from the movie Get Out (2017)?
What life lessons have you learnt from driving?
What is that one thing that you changed in yourself due to the circumstances and why?
What are the mistakes you make as an engineer after getting an education, and how do you avoid them?
What is the deepest philosophical lesson you've ever learned from a song?
Which incident made you stronger?
Is life worth living if you can't feel? I'm 26 and got diagnosed with schizophreniform last year.
What's the most gross thing you've ever seen?
What was the most shocking experience/event you had in your life?
What is the most savage thing that you've ever seen?
I've made few mistakes to the one I like the most. How can I gain the trust back? The mistakes were unintentional.
Do your parents teach you lots of things that cannot be learnt at school?
What happens if you don't succeed in life?
I'm planning to start making prints. Are there any tips you wish you'd have known as a novice?
Why do I feel that the best thing that ever happened to me in my entire life is going to work?
What is the most regretful thing you have ever done that will haunt you until your last breath?
Which is better, to slowly figure out what you want or jump into something you're unsure about?
What is/are the best philosophies you’ve learned in your life?
Which is the best "Life Changing quotes" on Building Your Character?
If you had the choice of living someone else's life for day, who would you swap with, and why?
What is that one thing you have vowed never to do?
Which is the best thing you can write to me which I can retain for my entire life?
Which signature has changed your life completely?
Why should there be lessons learnt from Baahubali 2 when it is a fictional story?
Are successful people lonely people?
What's the most thoughtful thing you ever seen?
What are some foolish things human beings do only to regret later?
What would be one thing you would say to others?
What is the most important lesson you have learned from your life?
What are your thoughts on Tony Robbins?
Have you led any experiments in life?
What are some of the hardest and most embarrassing lessons you've had to learn?
What is the toughest decision you have ever had to make?
If you could only choose one, would you rather find a cure for death or work to make life more worth living?
Is there somebody you wish you'd never judged before you knew them?
Why are physcians regretting their career?
What was the best incident of your life that made you happy?
What are a few lessons learned in life?
What are the most difficult decisions in life?
What steps should be taken to avoid disappointment in life?
What is that one thing which changed people's attitude towards you?
What is the best thing I can do out of college, to have the best life possible?
Have you ever gone against your parent's advice in taking your own life decision that completely changed your career?
What is the most life altering moment you experienced and that you will never forget?
What mistakes have you learnt from your first home, apartment, or plot purchase?
What have you learned from Quora and implemented in your personal life?
What's that one thing you wish you had done?
How do I get over the regret of catfishing someone?
What is the best thing one can ever do in their life at least thrice a week?
What changes happened in your life after visiting Tirupathi Balaji?
What is the worst thing about coming out?
What are the moments when you realized that your parents were wrong?
What are some ways to do better in life?
What was the most important decision you’ve made yet? How did you come to that decision?
What is a very minor thing that changed your life for the better?
What real-world skills do you wish you had been taught, but weren't?
What is worse, regretting something you did or regretting something that you didn't do?
What is the most regretful thing you have done while being high?
Is it really the mistakes that help us grow in your life?
What is 1 incident in life which you have not told anyone about but that you want to share on Quora?
If you don't value your own life enough to carry a gun and protect yourself, why should you expect others to value this life you will not defend?
Should people make their own decisions, or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters?
What were some essential lessons you learnt in your twenties?
What is the hardest thing you've had to accept about yourself?
If you will have the chance to contemplate your life when you are about to die, what do you think will be your biggest regret?
Have you made plans for the end of your life?
What is the one episode in your life that made you realize what life is about and that it is worth living?
What is that one thing you remind yourself everyday to stay positive?
What is your best advice to help me to change my life for the best?
What can we learn from Singapore?
What mistakes did you make for the GSOC'17 which led to your rejection?
Why does the Shaheed Zulfiquar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology's business school keep getting praised internationally rather than its science programs? How can SZABIST improve its contribution and standing in that area?
For what things are training and experience useless?
What are some mistakes that people make during their gap years that they later regret?
How has football improved/ruined your life?
What are things one should do before 20?
What were the system failure/root causes for the Piper Alpha disaster, and what lessons can be learned from it?
What were the best things/blessings you received from life?
Is it true that most wonderful things come into our life unexpectedly?
What are the things you learned that were the hardest?
If you ever got a time machine and you wanted to change something in your life, what it would be?
What is something you wished at the age of 10 years old?
What ​is the most innovative thing you've done to get a random friend to talk or chat at some boring place like the airport?
Do the little things matter?
How can I hold myself to a standard of excellence in every aspect of my life?
What are the 2 things that only your parents can give and no one else?
What events have been a turning point in your life?
What is the most intelligent thing you've heard anyone say or learned in life?
What is the one thing in life that is very important, but that we ignore the most?
What is an ordinary moment that you will cherish for the rest of your life?
What’s the worse thing you can tell a guy who slept with you and sees you as useless?
How do you figure out what to do with your life and not regret the past?
Is it okay to live life as it is or should we look into everything and plan accordingly?
What lessons concerning the faithful man named Job can we learn and benefit from?
How do you shut off your business life from personal life?
What are some of the biggest mistakes you made when you first started managing people?
Though I am living, as far as possible, a clean and pious life, why do bad things happen to me often?
If you could tell your younger self one advice, what would you say?
What was the best thing you have ever seen as a marine?
What is the most wonderful relationship you have in your life?
What life lessons can we learn from the Vedas?
How does math impact your life?
What is your first failure? What did you learn from it?
Which incident completely changed your mindset and your life?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned in your student life?
Can you recall a moment you wished you had photographed or videotaped?
What are the most valuable lessons you've learned from starting four companies?
What was the most thug moment of your life?
What is the best piece of advice you could give someone on how to stay financially stable and happy?
Can anyone give me reasons that life is worth living?
What's been the most rash act in your life and how did it change your perspective of life?
What was the most pivotal moment in your life that you were acutely aware of? What would you have changed about it, if anything?
How can I teach a lesson to my mother, who is always not following my rules?
Why do I always think of my mistakes?
Is there any engineer who regrets their decision of not taking a drop?
What is the one mistake in your life that you've done that you don't want others to commit?
What advice could you give or life lesson(s) can you teach to a 23 year old guy about life, dreams/goals, business and love or living in general?
What is the one experience that changed the way you look at life?
What are life facts?
What are the most important things that Islam has taught you about life?
What is your ultimate pleasure in life that you know will never happen or you don't want to happen?
What​ has Quora taught you so far?
How do I prevent myself from making small mistakes in math problems?
What are the 10 things that you want to tell a new investor?
What is the most surprising thing you have gotten away with?
What is one piece of advice you would give to the younger generation?
How was your life when you were 21?
What was the best thing someone ever wrote in your yearbook?
What is one thing you learned from your martial arts instructor that you consider priceless?
How does life rise from failure?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you in your life?
What is the cringiest thing you have ever seen?
How many chances do we get to build a good relationship in our lives?
What is the one thing I should know about in my life?
What period of life is the hardest?
What has happened to MS Dhoni? Why does he look dejected in IPL 10?
What is the best thing that happened to you on Erasmus?
What important life lessons, if any, does nihilism teach us?
What prayer has changed your life forever?
If you only had one final minute of your life, what would you want to do the most?
Do we use what we have learnt in the university at the workplace?
Have you ever had any transformation in your life?
What grammar lesson must one know/learn to pass the B1 German test?
What should one do if they realize that the mistake one made can never be rectified?
What's something you've never told anyone?
What lessons did you learn - practically and theologically - from the religion you follow?
What was one hard hitting moment in your life?
How does it feel to have no close friends?
What types of lessons that you learn from past lives do you carry on to your next lives?
What are your lessons learned as an experienced Business analyst?
What is the hardest lesson you learned through your years of negotiating?
What are the things or behaviors young siblings learn late in life?
Who is the greatest teacher of life?
What do you regret not doing in highschool?
What lesson can be learned in studying engineering?
What is the best book on motivating another person (brother) who has no real drive to succeed/achieve anything particular in life?
What is the most life changing experience you've had while traveling?
What are some life lessons for undergraduate students?
What changes were made in your life by your parents after class 11th results?
Which are the best lessons or ideas you learned from people in business?
What are the things you wish you learnt before joining IIM?
What is a basic skill that you should have learnt when you were young but only learnt it recently?
Are there any mistakes you're making over and over again?
What's the nicest thing your brother has done for/to you?
How did you realize who you were and what you wanted from life?
How do you maintain your patience, and can you relate that to any of your life incidents?
To the people seen as successful, what is one thing about your life that would make me realize that you're more or less like anybody else?
What is the meaning of life and how to import your life?
Who are some people who failed in engineering, but made it big in life?
Why does everyone try to make life very difficult? Life is very simple.
What was the most valuable item you were cheated out of?
What is the most important lesson that you have learned from your failures and how has it changed your outlook towards life?
What are some things you love about yourself?
Whose presence in life changed the way you look towards life?
What is the simplest mistake that you think ruined your life?
Have you experienced an intense and life-changing spiritual experience that has changed you into a new person?
Why do I always get hurt?
If you had a million dollars but had to use it all on one thing, what would that thing be?
What mistake do you regret the most?
How do I stop getting bored of everything so easily?
What are 10 things you wish a high school version of you would have known?
How do expectations ruin our life?
Which are the most important lessons a man needs to learn when it comes to making, keeping and multiplicating money?
What was that life-changing moment when your views towards society were changed?
If there comes a moment where you have to save a stranger's life but it may cost your own life, would you do it?
What are the things that you learnt from your professional life?
What is the most shameless thing you have ever seen a teacher do?
What is the cost of one mistake?
What are some "moral of the story" have you learned from Disney stories?
What's more painful, death or living your whole life with regrets of not achieving the dream you earnestly wished for since birth?
We all have some old knots in our hearts which we want to untie. What's yours?
I’m 25 and confused. How were you like when you were 25?
What have you learnt about yourself from being in love?
What is the best lesson you learnt from a person you love the most?
Is there a person you regret not talking to?
What are the best moments that inspired your life?
Why don’t some people like seeing others succeed?
What have you learnt or came to awareness in life that you find it to be the most amazing experience?
How can we know what to do in our life?
What are some real life lessons Code Geass teaches us?
What's the one thing that you never get bored of doing again and again?
What are the best advice about the life one can give?
What is the most weird thing in life?
What experiences in your life have given you your best memories?
As you reach the end of your life, do you wish you had more time, and are you afraid to die?
What piece of advice would Aman Goel give to someone in class 9 and class 10?
Why is silence very important in life?
What have you learnt from the AFSB stay in Varanasi?
What is the most valuable thing in the IT field that is worth learning and will not become obsolete (and can be "sold")?
What is the most shocking incident happened in your life?
What are some great and important lessons that you have learnt from a book?
Did you regret having a home birth?
Which are the most inspiring and different lessons you have learned?
What are the most joyous moments of your life that have made life seem worth living, despite despair, disease or loss of loved ones?
What's the difference between “lessen” and a “lesson”?
What's some advice you wish you had gotten when you developed your first investment algorithms?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever asked a foreigner and when did you realise it?
What life lessons did you learn from the recent Jakarta election result?
Which book has taught you the most valuable lessons?
What is the one thing you don't like in the IT industry?
What was the most violent thing you have ever seen?
Children are more likely to follow what you do, than adhere to what you say. How has this scenario played out in your life?
What is the best thing do with berozgar-ness? How can I find my direction in life?
Which one thing is most important to obtain success in any field you want?
What is the best piece of advice you have received for during exam time?
What are the biggest mistakes made by the most successful people in their past?
What life, philosophical and ethical lessons can we learn from the TV show "Vikings"?
If there is one thing ISRO can learn from NASA, What would it be?
What are all the things you wish you could change about yourself?
What is the best piece of advice you would give your child?
What things do you wish to have in order to simplify your life?
Is life better when you're 18 and over?
How do I accept failure in life?
What's the most unfortunate thing that has ever happened to you?
Which day is the most important in ones life?
Is there any one thing in your life that you could never change your mind about?
What is your advice for a depressed Christian young man having homosexual tendencies with more than a dozen other worries and troubles?
Is there any app that changed your life?
What's the most cringeworthy thing you've ever done in school?
What makes life difficult and how to escape it?
How can music change the life of a person?
My friend said this to me. "I won't live a full life, because I will live my life to the fullest". I don't understand how that makes sense?
Is there anything in your life which you won't share with anyone in your real life but would share on Quora using anonymity?
How important is it to experience failures in order to become ultimately successful?
What are some hard lessons that you learned that you would tell your younger self to avoid doing?
What are the single biggest mistake rifleman make and how do you avoid it?
What are the things you learnt from your relationship(s)? Do girls stick to their commitments, and fight for you with their parents?
Should I start caring less and being indifferent in order to be happier?
What situation that made you change in your life?
What have you learned from Rajiv Dixit?
What is the most important thing in everyone's life?
What are some important lessons in life that only a boyfriend can teach you?
What is the guiltiest thing you've ever done that no one found out about?
What have you learned from your own life?
What has been your most cringeworthy moment of your life?
How do I cope with having had so many awkward moments in my life?
What A Level do you regret doing?
What is the stupidest thing you've done in front of your parents?
What have you recently done for the 1st time in your life?
What's the best example for "Burning your bridges"?
What's the biggest mistake you almost made?
What are the things that one can change in life?
What is the best advice a boss/supervisor ever gave you?
Why don't more people realize the biggest problem in life is the corrupt 1%?
What is the dumbest mistake you have ever made that you still remember now?
What have you done that you immediately regretted?
How do I handle a girl with no brains?
If you could go back to and relive the most difficult emotional crisis of your life, how would you have handled it better?
How can I live free life experiences all over the world?
What do people regret the most, things they did or things they didn't?
What is one thing you wish you knew 5 years ago that you know now?
What is worst step of your life?
How has learning not to expect anything from life made you happy?
How do I get over regrets and live in the moment?
If you have ever been taken for granted, has the other person ever realized their mistake or regretted doing that to you?
Are a lot of things we know about life just wild assumptions?
What is the nicest thing your boss/superior has done for you?
What makes taking advantage of someone, and finding the platform for this, your main goal on the internet and the most important thing in your life?
What was the greatest turning point of your life and why?
What countries/nations have made their way of life simple and inexpensive?
What was the most frustrating thing that ever happened to you?
What are some good pieces of advice that most Indian college students are not ever likely to hear?
Should a person be happy if he didn’t reach his goal even though he did everything possible to achieve it?
What are 5 things you can do and are good at and 5 things you can’t do and suck at?
What are the most valuable lessons you have learned as a programmer in the field of programming?
What was the most powerful experience of your life?
What are some mistakes React developers often make?
After I left my job I realized what I have been doing wrong. I also realized that leaving was the biggest mistake I have made. What should I do now?
What is your biggest regret which still haunts you?
What should I learn when facing bad time that can be helpful for my life?
I often hear the phrase "live your life to the fullest". I can’t help but wonder: What is a full life? And is there a singular example of it?
Should I turn in the same work?
What are the relationships & connections between ignorance, experience and obstacles? Is most all of our adaptation learned from confronting the unknown?
What is the best lesson you have learned in your life yourself?
What is one thing you learned to do that significantly improved the efficiency of your daily life?
What should you do if you had a screwed up life and it isn't getting any better?
What makes life complete?
What is the one thing you should do once in your life?
As I get older, what can I do to prevent looking back in regret?
What life lessons have comic books taught you?
How can we make life interesting, without someone you like?
What is something you wish you'd have done or known before becoming a professional actor?
Do you think education system is broken and kills creativity?
What is the worst incident of the IPL 10?
What is the most idiotic thing you've ever seen?
Can one measure a ruined life?
What are the top 3 decisions you regret making in life?
What is the best thing that has happened to you in life?
What are those simple things everyone should know on dealing with success?
What would you do if you were allowed to do one thing, whatever it is?
What are those moments in your life that made you choose a superhero as your inspiration?
Can you do just one thing, or are side effects inevitable?
If karma exists and permeates multiple lifetimes, how can we learn a lesson and move on from a past life that we don't even remember?
What was the biggest mistake you ever made in your life that you don't want to happen again?
What’s the best thing you have ever done for the society?
What was the worst occurrence in your life?
What have you learnt from the book "Dream With Your Eyes Open"?
If you could do one thing sexual that you've never done, what would it be?
I know you can screw things up completely and destroy all you have worked for, but how can you ruin your entire life?
What were the biggest challenges you faced when you were a young adult and how did you overcome them?
What is one thing you would want to do if you had 1 day?
What philosophical or spiritual thought changed your life for the better?
One moment, where you find yourself hopeless in life?
What's the best piece of advice you can give me as a 16-year-old?
What are some of the biggest mistakes in trading history?
What mistakes are usually made when dealing with adult learners?
How can I discover things that I haven’t yet learnt in life?
What is one thing you wished you had achieved/learned but never have?
What is some inspirational advice for one’s life?
What have you learnt from working at KFC?
What is the oldest thing (chronologically old) in your life that you remember?
What advice would you give to someone who rarely fails in life?
How have you used thought to manifest things in your life?
What are the few things that you learnt on Quora?
What is the one thing that never gets old for you?
What positive life lessons did you learn from being with a narcissist?
What is the one thing that you have learnt while traveling & that has helped you in your business?
What is your biggest regret from highschool?
How can I recover from failure in my professional and academic life?
What were the seven mistakes that the sorting hat made?
At what point in life did you realize that it was time to give up on something?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done that everyone admires?
What is that one thing you want to tell everyone, but can't?
What are some financial tips you have learned and wish someone would have told you when you were younger?
Why do terrorists do bad things? Why can't they understand the value of life?
Have you ever risked your life for someone elses?
What has heartbreak taught you?
If you could have changed one thing when starting the company, what would it have been?
Can we use our life fully by learning from old people and have no regrets during our old age? How?
What is a small mistake you made that you remember to this day?
What lessons have you learned from your favourite sportsperson/sports team in India?
Do you think that accepting things that you can't change has helped you in your life?
Do you think people who are completely unhappy in their life have meaning in their life?
What is the best lesson you learnt from a teacher?
Why do we have teachers teaching us if we have technology that can teach us instead?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
What is the hardest thing to open?
What are some lessons I need to learn from history and use in my future life?
When was it time to make your mark, Time for your roar to be heard, Time when you began success journey and become who you were meant to be?
What can we learn from Aamod Rao?
What's one sacrifice you never told your kids?
What is the worst thing about the Panimalar Engineering College?
What has been your worst, yet pardonable, mistake as a doctor?
What is the one thing you liked about the Hotstar web series Tanhaiyan?
What are the book(s) that you wish you had read when you were 17?
Which motivational story changed your life?
What FML moment turned your life around?
What’s the one thing you would like to change about yourself and why?
Is there anyone whose only dream was to become a doctor but failed? How did you bring your life back on the track?
What is one thing you wish you knew before becoming a Christian?
Are there people addicted to their emotions? For example, people who believe that their emotions are what makes life interesting. Are there other things that give life a purpose?
Should we have compassion toward people who make one mistake over and over again?
How did I allow everyone to ruin my life?
Is learning and working with ActionScript a mistake?
What's one thing you've done that you'd like to erase?
How can you make a life changing decision rationally?
What is the coolest thing you've ever gotten away with?
What do you think is the most important turning point in your life?
What is something you wished you knew at the age of 15?
How do I make it in life?
Should we keep quiet when an unjust action takes place, or raise our voices despite the unknown repercussions?
What was that first incident which made you realise what you want to do in life?
What are the 5 most important things to think about when learning Russian?
If you could only accomplish one thing in the next year, what would it be?
What mistakes have you made in your life after your 18th birthday that you wish you hadn't made?
What can we learn from Judas Iscariot?
What is an example of an essay explaining “the most important lesson of my life so far”?
What is the most humiliating thing anyone has ever made you do?
At what moment did you realize/feel like you were old?
What is one thing you'd like to share in Quora which you haven't done before? Could be advice, suggestion, story, your life incident, or anything?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
What is the best thing I can do as a 20-year-old?
What's the most unessential thing you've done that's been most essential in hindsight?
How do I make the breakdowns and crises of my life into breakthroughs?
What was the most useful thing and the least useful thing you learned in school?
What is one of the most important One Life Hacks?
What's the worst thing to go through a year into a relationship?
What is an ideal way of life?
Does anyone on Quora regret getting into IIT?
If this is the last day of your life, what are the three things you would do?
What is the silliest thing you had ever done which made your best memory for life?
What is the greatest thing you have ever learned?
What is one thing about college that you miss?
In the emotional area of your life, what is or has been the best feeling you've ever had?
What does death teach us?
What are some of the things that I should do in my 40s to avoid regrets in later life?
Which is the best and worst advice you have ever received? And why?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
I think that mistakes are a great learning opportunity. Do you agree?
What are some of the things you are afraid you won't be able to do before you die?
Is there anyone whose life has been ruined by religion?
What is a real failure in your life?
What is the worst piece of advice you have taken from Quora?
What was it like for husband’s watching their wives go into labour? Can they describe the experience and what they learned about their wives and themselves?
Why do we have to lose something in life in order to get something?
What 6 things I should learn from you?
Why should we live our life to the fullest, when ultimately you won't remember doing anything when you're dead?
What's been the most daring act in your life and how did it change your perspective of life?
What is the tragedy of your life that change you completely?
Have you ever wanted a thing and after getting it, wished that you never had it?
What is the kinkiest thing you have ever done, seen or heard?
Which was the worst mistake ever made by any emperor or a king in world history?
How do I become enthusiastic to live life to the fullest?
What has been your worst "oh shit" mistake?
How is life beautiful?
What is the best thing that a patient has told you?
What have you learned from your life experiences?
How do I put a valuable life view into practice?
What should be the most important thing I should say to myself before leaving home in the morning?
Did you ever learn some lessons from watching a movie?
What one piece of advice from a random person changed your life?
What is the best thing you have ever drawn?
What are the worst things you can think of about mankind?
What person has truly made a difference in your life?
What is the best dating advice you have ever received?
What is one thing that happened today that you really want to remember 10 years from now?
What purchase have you regretted the most?
What do you do to feel better when you've made so many mistakes in life that you can’t feel good about yourself anymore?
How do I get my life back together?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
Did Sberbank regret the decision of buying Denizbank?
What is one thing that only an excellent teacher knows?
At this moment of your life, what is that something (materialistic/non-materialistic) you want to have?
What is the most successful thing you buy On the internet ?
Outside of self-enlightenment or the exercise of knowing oneself, what are the two most important things to be conscious of?
What is the one thing I need to do to change my perspective in life?
What incident, of which you had a role in, do you regret the most?
Based on your own experience, what is the one thing you would ask your child to do differently in life?
What are the best breathtaking moments of your life?
What was the before-and-after event of your life?
What are the most powerful life lesson you learn from Jackie Robinson?
What is the worst thing you have witnessed happening to a teacher?
How did you lose your best friend?
How can I make my 11-year-old younger sister understand that time is the most valuable thing in life?
What lesson took you a lifetime to learn?
What are you most afraid of till now and why?
What kind of regrets do teachers have?
What is the importance of life?
What is the best thing about being American?
Do you think millennials have been raised and taught for failure?
Which philosopher’s work is the most life-changing to read?
What are 10 things that you should definitely do before turning 30?
Do you regret your college decision?
What is the lesson if we go for a tour?
What are some important things one should learn before entering the drilling industry?
What things make you feel incomplete even when you're at the best of your life?
What is one thing you wish you did instead of someone else?
What was the hardest time in your life and how did you manage to push through it? What helped you believe in a better future?
What is it called when I offer advice or point out a person's mistake, and they decide I am the one who is at fault in the situation?
How would your life change if you never saw your own face?
What is the craziest thing you have done in an exam hall?
What is the most unreasonable thing you have been yelled at for?
Can we learn some lessons from the tolerant setup of Muhammad bin Qasim?
Why do we remember some special moments of our lives?
What has made you suffer the most?
What are some real life skills that one can learn from Friends (the TV series)?
Is there really such thing as a useless major?
When was the moment when you realized the worth of your parents?
What is the most regretful thing you have done to your car/bike?
How can I live my life to its fullest without getting jealous of others?
What are the things that you have done, but can't accept that you had done that?
What is one regret in your life which you want to change?
What is the craziest thing someone could possibly do?
What is the best thing you have learnt from your husband?
What is some advice about life that you'd like to share?
What did you expect from the person who is very special in your life?
What do you think is the best thing ever?
Do people wish they had more holidays? Why or why not?
How can I learn to accept and be content with the fact that I may never be successful in life?
What is your biggest regret? How it affected your life?
What is the best thing you have given to your parents?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you at school?
What decision did you make, when you reached a crossroads in your life?
What are some of the same things that each and everyone has experienced or faced in their life?
What were some of the most useless policies ever?
What historical event teaches the best management lesson?
What's your one piece of advice you want to impart to the world?
What lessons have you learned in your early 20s?
What is something surprising you learned when you became a tenant?
What is the most important tangible thing in your life?
What are some of the most surprising things that have arisen from the internet culture going mainstream?
What were the worst minutes of your life?
What has happened to you or someone you know which is a good example of a blessing in disguise?
What is one thing that you learned about the human body and its intricacies that absolutely blew your mind?
What should I do to be a strong-willed person who can manage his life perfectly and never fail?
What was your biggest failure in life? How did you overcome it?
What has impressed you the most in your life?
If you have been attacked, mugged, etc., what lessons did you learn from it?
How do I get rid of overthinking, regret for mistakes of the past, and a continuous negativity?
Which date changed your life and why?
Can you share one mistake of your life which you don't want others to commit?
What surprising lessons did life and productivity coaches learn in their very first interactions with clients?
How can we live a useful life?
What is the most pretentious thing you have ever heard someone say?
What life lesson would have completely changed your life if you knew it earlier?
Is change important? How do I convice someone to change (thoughts and views on life)?
Were you ever in an accident that made your life better?
What is the one thing that only could do it?
When did you first learn that life is unfair?
What are the most horrible things at PUMBA on which one would regret after taking admission?
What's the most difficult decision you ever took and how did it change your life?
Is there any moment in your life when your parents are proud because of you?
What is the most important thing between a couple?
What is the master guide to live life to the fullest?
What piece of advice should be given to a 23-year-old lad who wants to explore the world?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you in a relationship?
The bonding between the molecules of Mercury’s matter has not broken until now due to intense heat from sun. Why has it never happened before now?
Which moment in your life will you never forget?
Did you ever help anyone and then regretted it?
What lesson have you learned from history that you would never forget?
What is the best thing/person in life for you, that you would never ever like to lose? Why?
What was the best advice you received as a student in a new country?
How many times have you failed? What did you learn from those failures? How did you manage to get through those failure and reach success?
What is the most absurd and random thing that has ever happened to you?
If I'm content with what I have, will I ever make it big in life?
What is the one thing that could happened today to make it even better?
What is the nicest thing an airplane pilot has ever done for you?
What is something you wish you had done in high school?
What has been your best life experience having to deal with romance?
What was the funniest mistake your cell phone made when you were dictating a comment or something else?
What are the most useful things you can do with $1000?
Why is John Proctor from The Crucible an authentic rebel? What lessons can we learn from him?
Is there any person in your life about whom you think that he/she has spoiled some part of your life?
How beautiful is your life?
What fact of life do you find hardest to come to terms with?
What would be the one thing you regret not doing when you had the chance but you didn't?
What is the grossest thing you've ever seen?
What makes life worth living?
Could anyone love someone with crossed eyes?
Why do people want to find out others’ mistakes?
What is the most deplorable thing you have ever done?
What are the best methods for learning from your mistakes in thinking?
What quote/s from a person has/have made a great change in your life, and how?
What is an incident that happened in your life in which you were almost dead but got another chance?
What are some quotes that have changed your life?
Have your ever hurt someone? How? Do you regret it?
Why is the world so screwed up and what's the end game?
How can you be the best in everything you do in life?
What is life worth living for?
What decision do you regret most that may be changed in your present?
What is some of the best advice you have received or advice you have given regarding how to take care of yourself? What helps you cope in general?
What are the most over rated pleasures in life?
The most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline. Do you agree?
Is there anyone out there who would take on an apprentice and (informally) teach them important life skills?
Do god's favorites have the hardest life?
Why is life so fucking shit?
How do I change my life situation?
What one thing or action could make up for any mistake?
What life lessons can one learn from Vinod Khanna?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
Do you easily accept your mistakes or no?
If you were to change the age at which you experienced a life changing adversity, would you want to experience it earlier, later, or no change at all?
What things force people to be successful in life?
Why is it so hard to define the simplest things in life?
If you could say one thing to your past self, what would it be?
What is the best person to lesson in Human Development?
What has been your most valuable lesson in learning philosophy that you would teach students who are just beginning their philosophy studies?
How do we learn to forget regrets of past lives?
What's your favorite question of all time?
What is the most philosophical thing that someone has ever told you?
What are the biggest regrets UCSD students have?
The only negative thing in my life is my HIV status. What about you?
How should I accept the harsh truth of my life that she will never be with me?
What do you think you will have done with your life by the time you're thirty?
What is that moment in your life that you wish the time could stop at?
How can a bad experience in graduate school change your life/career perspective?
What are the best memorable incidents of your life, that you never forget?
If I were to be you, what would I regret and cherish?
What is the best advice given to you?
What's are the most important things in student Life?
Which is the most unpleasant thing that ever happened?
What are 7 things you wish you had known when you started investing your money?
What's your most absurd unusual way to get more confident?
What is an important event that has significance to your life?
How can one change their nature from being a person who shares most things to being a mysterious person?
What is one game that made you think on life?
Are physicians able to appreciate life more than others?
Who/what was your inspiration as a child? What did you want to do with your life? How has that changed as you've gotten older?
What is the most important thing one should follow to become the most important person of a country?
What do you regret from 2014?
Do you regret having done a lot of partying?
Why don't most Christians regard religion as an important thing in life?
Do you recall the first mistake you made in trading/investing? What was the lesson learnt?
How would you completely change your life in 66 weeks?
What have you learnt from your own travelling experiences?
Is there anything you regret about your transition?
What lessons learned would current startup companies have for new entrepreneurs? What would you do different if you could do it all over again?
In a country where parents want their children to be doctors and engineers, how would you convince them that what matters in the end is happiness?
What is the most important thing in life?
How can I learn the lessons in life?
How can things change?
What is the best lesson a child had taught you?
Why can't experience be taught?
Why do they say "don't judge" and at the same time also say "think wisely"? What should one actually do?
How do I become better at removing regrets from my life?
What are the most important things in your entire life?
What are the basic things that can take your life to greater heights in everything?
What are the life-changing lessons that Baahubali the movie taught you?
What is the one thing in your life that you have no will power/self control over?
What are some things you wish you knew at college graduation?
What is the most valuable thing that has been discovered in a refuse site?
Why are hard-working people never satisfied with their lives?
What are the qualities that one can learn from a father?
How do I change the context of my life?
How has your life changed since the first time you used Quora?
What experience have you heard about that motivated you to change for the better?
Is it a common occurrence for people to pursue graduate studies in a field if they only have some idea of an area of focus? Is it a mistake?
How do you make your mark in life?
It’s my 18th birthday today. Whats one piece of advice you would give me?
What is the thing that you want to answer today?
Will your life be misserable if you don't do things at the right age?
What is the most valuable life lesson or soft or hard skill that you have learned which has had a transformative effect on your daily life?
Is experience learned from pain more valuable than experience learned from pleasure?
When did/would/will you accept failure? (This is not a "When should I" question)
What thing have you done so far in your life that has given you immense pleasure?
What is the greatest lesson about life that a child has taught you - intentionally or unintentionally?
What event in your life changed you the most?
Looking back at your university period, what are the peer group influences you regret or are blessed to have?
What is one valuable lesson you have ever learned from having a pet?
What valuable lessons can be learned from the Bhagavad Gita?
Is the best way to succeed in life to be completely average?
What’s the most important thing to consider when choosing a writing collaborator?
What are the most essential skills in life?
What lessons did you learn the day you left your college?
Should you get other people to treat your son like a peasant in order for him to learn a life lesson?
What are the worst Disney lessons taught to kids?
What is the most significant lesson you learnt from Srimad Bhagwad Gita that you will never forget?
How can I devote every single moment of my life to God?
What are some mistakes you made in your early 20s that have had a negative impact on your adult life?
Who changed your opinion on something you firmly stood for previously?
When did you first realized that life is not fair? How did you respond to it?
When did you regret your words the most?
What are the things you wish to do now?
What is the biggest thing that changed the way you see the world?
What is the one thing that you would do for free for your entire life?
Why do people don't behave nice with you even if you are kind and polite with them?
Have you ever done something and then regretted it?
Can I gain a better experience of life by reading quotes?
What's the most difficult problem that you faced in your life so far?
What is the most meaningful coincidence that has occurred in your life so far?
If you could change one thing about your closet, what would it be?
What can we learn from the Mahabharat?
What is one thing that everybody should do once in a lifetime?
What is something you vowed to never do in life but you did eventually?
What are some lessons learned and point to be noted while moving a business to your country?
How is a new lesson reviewed in Unacademy? What are the things they notice most in one's lessons or PPT?
What are the things that people realise too late?
If you get a chance to correct just one mistake in life, what would that be?
How can I teach a lesson to my GF who always takes me for granted?
What are the best things to be seen in IPL 2017?
Do you ever regret being single for a lifetime?
Why is it important to learn our own life lessons? What happens if we continue to run away from them?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
What is the most shocking thing someone has shared with only you?
Is life way more boring than we have been taught it is?
Should I use vehicle caltrops to teach the trespassers a lesson?
How have you handled your toughest days in life so far?
Life teaches us two things: You can do anything and you are nothing. How do you interpret this lesson of life?
What is the single most valuable legally carriable item in plane?
What are things we've learned from history?
How can we make a beautiful life?
What is the one thing about your past that you wish you could change?
How do I overcome regret of wasted potential and time?
What is the most realizing moments (genuine facts) in your life?
Do you think that Quora is a very important part of your life?
What is the most overwhelming thing that has ever happened to you?
How do you make a decision when you come to a crossroad in life that is crucial and you need to make a wise decision?
Why have I developed internal hatred towards women in general?
Do you think people will ever learn from the mistakes of the past?
What does the phrase " we learned our lesson" mean?
What is the single best financial move you have ever made in your life?
What should be the top priority in everyone's life?
What is the one thing that could change my life if followed daily ?
What is the best movie moment of your life?
What could you do when you were younger that you can't do now?
What is the worst and the best thing about life?
What's the best thing I can build with things bought from Poundland?
What are some of your successes that you wish you never had?
If you got the chance to meet Sherlock Holmes and you had only one thing to ask, what would be that one thing?
What's the most important thing in a relationship, so that it will last for ages?
What's one recent thing you've done that's worth writing down here?
What are some important and inspirational life lessons that one needs to know in order to succeed in life?
What is the best piece of life advice you could give a 90s baby?
What’s one thing you remember about school?
What is a life that isn’t worth living, and what should be done to change it?
Is there one event which can be described as the best and worst thing that ever happened to you?
What is the one thing you regret most regarding your previous relationships?
What is the worst thing about being a project manager?
What is something that everyone should be taught?
What are the hardest things that you faced in the initial stage of your career?
What are the lessons that Indian people most often learn too late in life?
What exactly matters in life?
What was your biggest decision in school?
Have you ever regretted your decision because you were too focused on what others might say?
What is the stupidest thing you've done during your childhood?
Can "What's the experience that changed your life?" be considered as an open question?
If we all change one thing in the world, do we end up changing the changes?
What is one thing in you which you don't like?
I have ruined my life. Is there any way to recover?
What are the hardest lessons to learn about business that no one talks about?
How do I learn and understand thing perfectly by theoretical and practical?
Why is it that I regret almost everything that I have done?
What does Quora do better than everyone else?
What is the best life lesson you've learned from reading a book? What is the book?
What has been your biggest mistake as an construction estimator and what have you learned since then?
What did you learn too late in life?
Is there something that you have done in your life that the teenage you would have been surprised about?
What is the one thing you want to do in your life after which you can say, 'it was worth it to live'?
What is your favorite piece of advice? Why?
What are some of the things that cannot be learnt online?
What is the one thing (or person) in your life for which you are ready to give it all up?
If you wanted to be social now, what is the one thing you need to find out and why?
Is graduation a must if you want to succeed in your career or in life?
What is the best piece of advice a child has told you?
What does sport teach you about life?
Have you ever been in a situation where you regretted the thing you did, but later got good results from it?
How can I get lessons to learn to drive very fast?
What should you do when you regret taking up an IT career?
What was the most important thing to you, during each decade of your life?
Could you recall one instance that changed your life forever?
What's your aim in life in one sentence?
What is the best piece of advice or quote you have received?
How do you live after you have ruined everything in your life?
In what way has life thrown something incredibly unpredictable at you? Has anything really unexpected ever happened that changed your life so much that you look back and wonder how, why?
What is one health scare that made you change your life for the better?
What is your worst 'why did I do this’ moment?
Why music is such an important part of our life?
What is the best Japanese thing ever?
What's a negative trait that you have?
Can I have her back in life again?
What are the 3 most incredible things that life gives us?
Was there ever a moment in your life in which you were ashamed that you did not say or do anything?
What is the biggest mistake that you have made and have thought about going into the past to correct it?
What is a mistake that you made out of immaturity or stupidity which you regret the most?
Looking back, what would you do differently in your life?
What is worse, admitting a mistake or perpetuating it?
What do you regret doing in your life?
Have you ever burned a bridge and never regretted it?
How much is dependency important in life?
What should I do when I realize I can't accept the change?
As a girl, what are the highest and lowest points in your life till now?
What are the 5 most important things for living today’s life?
How can I prevent life mistakes?
How can I find a list of all lessons learned from a young age to an old age?
How can I get an insight on things like Awdhesh Singh?
What are the lessons people learn from the Gita?
How can we form better deductive logic from our instincts in love and life?
If life is said to be so short, how does someone live it to its fullest?
What is one thing that you can do to improve the country?
How do I take decisions of life faster and better?
What is that one impulsive thing you have done and will regret till you die?
What is one thing you are a hypocrite about?
What was the sneakiest thing?
What do you want to do with your life?
How can I stop having the feeling that I am missing out on things in life while working in a boring job and trying to achieve my goals?
If you had power to destroy one thing in your life, what would that be?
What can I do to change my miserable life? How do I live better?
How do you get over your mistake when it follows you?
Which moment in your life is the most memorable?
What’s it like when you realized that you don’t speak like your were taught in school?
What is the most painful thing about traveling for you?
What occurence changed your life?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's take on the horrors of the Holocaust? What lessons does the world need to learn from it?
How has your life changed since you joined LiquidHub?
What mistake from the past have you learned never to repeat again?
What lessons should everyone learn about teamwork and cooperation?
What had happened that has given you the biggest rush of energy you've ever experienced?
What are the things I should do to lead a great life?
What was the best piece of advice you ever received?
What's the saddest thing someone told you before dying?
What is something you wish you had but will never get?
What's the worst thing you have done to someone you care about?
What is the standard of good lessons?
What were the biggest regrets you had at age 30?
What lessons have you learnt in life by observing your siblings?
If you could wish for only one thing, what would it be? Or what do you wish you didn't do?
Why is it difficult to live a life of your choice?
Which incident tested your patience most in life?
What is the most soul satisfying thing you have ever done in your college life?
Why is life so stupid?
What are some important things we should learn about girls?
What things should I consider if I wish to start vlogging?
When did you realize how difficult and imperfect life is?
Are friends with benefits lessons of our life?
As a doctor, what is the biggest mistake that you've made?
What is your biggest achievement so far in your life?
What makes you realize what you want in life?
What are the life lessons you will give to an aspiring entrepreneur?
If we realize our mistake , is punishment necessary?
To what extent would you consider life as important?
How do I make my life easy when a lot of problems are going on because of some past mistakes?
If you are forced to look at one thing (and nothing else) for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the living unit of the living beings?
What was the worst thing you have ever heard about yourself?
What according to Jimmy Wales is the biggest lesson a person should learn early in their lives?
Did you ever experience any form of "epiphany" that made you change the way you live your life in a significant way?
What life lessons have you learned from playing table tennis?
What was a major turning point for you that changed your perception of life?
What do you consider to be the best advice you ever received? Who gave you that advice and did you follow that advice or not?
What are the mistakes of your life?
What are the best pieces of advice you'd give to an 18-year-old person who wants to be successful in life?
What kinds of thoughts can change your life?
Do you remember something you did for the first time in your life and enjoyed it?
What is the one thing that you've tried to do but failed miserably?
What is the best thing you’ve experienced in Coimbatore?
What's one mistake you feel you made as a parent?
What is one thing a teacher taught (said/assigned to) you that changed you forever?
What do you wish you could tell someone, and who do you wish you could tell?
What was the single most important thing you learned from your parents?
In one sentence only, what has been your biggest regret in life so far?
What are the best and the worst incidents you have encountered till now as an IFS?
If you get a chance to relive a moment of your life to correct or undo something. What would it be?
What life stage are you in?
What are the life lessons one can learn from Lord Shiva?
What is the purpose of revenge?
What one incident made you realise "it gets better"?
What is worse, regretting what you said or what you didn't say?
What's the one thing you realise you should've known when you were 18?
What is the nicest thing in life?
What did you learn yesterday about life?
What is the best use of life?
Does humanity collectively learn from its mistakes? Are we doomed to eternal recurrence?
If we can not look at success stories due to survivorship bias and failures are not readily accessible, how can we learn from the past?
In Italy, do public elementary and middle schools teach lessons in English, or are lessons only conducted in Italian?
What's the worst piece of advice you were given as a new artist just starting out?
Have you ever tried to copy someone so deeply that it changed your life?
How do I be both successful and happy?
What are the best things to download from you tube?
What is one thing you do every day to help you be the best you can be?
What are the most important things in student life?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
Where can I learn initial business lessons?
What are the some life changing stories that changed your future?
Did you regret living in China?
What is the biggest burden of our life?
What are the most important lessons learned so far?
What are five things that you have learned from your family?
What was the most terrible incident in your life?
What is the one thing that draws me again and again towards home?
What is the most significant success of your life?
What is one's biggest failure in life?
What is a fundamental flaw in how most people see the world?
How and why did you decide to change your life?
What is one thing that makes you special?
What are some strange and unique observations you have made about yourself, your life or life in general?
What do we want to learn from life?
What life lessons does the movie Duniyadari teach us?
How did Snowboarding changed your life?
What is the one thing you should do when bookkeeping?
How did you manage the regret of deciding to have kids?
Can someone really redo their life at 34 in all aspects of life?
By what age and what circumstances made you realize what you absolutely wanted to do with your life?
What have been your favourite things about turning 30?
What is the most unfortunate event that ever occured in your life?
How has a stranger greatly affected your life?
Why are we taught useless things in school instead of things that will actually help us and are important?
What are the life lessons one can learn from White Collar, an American TV series?
Like humans learnt walking, eating or holding things at some point in time, what and when was the latest thing they learnt about themselves?
Have you ever felt that your life has hit a dead end?
What was your first earning in your life?
What is your greatest failure and what did you learn from it?
How important is compassion in one's life?
What can people stop doing to make their life better?
What are some of the things one must not do in life?
What is the most absurd yet creative thing you thought of when you were a kid?
How can I avoid doing calculation mistakes?
Do you have to spend a very large amount of your time on something for it to be the most important thing in your life?
What is one thing you learned from Spongebob?
What was the worst thing that you did in your life?
What are the most amazing things in your life which were once insignificant to you?
What was the biggest facepalm moment of your life?
How can a very responsible person admit to making mistakes?
How do you change from being a consumer to actually producing things in your life?
In life, which is the most important stage?
What's the biggest reason why people don't achieve their goals?
What's a bad thing you learnt today?
What have you learned in life that other people haven't?
How can science change life?
What is the biggest lesson you have ever learnt about relationships?
What is the most significant thing that has ever happened to you?
What will you regret in life by not being yourself and not working hard enough (wasting your time, being satisfied with what you're doing)?
What is your definition of maturity based on your own life experiences?
Is it a mirage that being at the top of your field gives you both a feeling of success and happiness?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
How do you feel about your life so far?
What is the most valuable lesson you have learned?
What is the one thing you surely want to tell people?
What makes life more meaningful and more enjoyable?
Do you ever regret for the situation you are in because you were influenced by others?
What are the things you've learned only by doing?
What is the most amazing/unique thing about you?
How do I stop focusing on the bad things in my life?
What is the biggest mistake that a big Indian company has made?
What are the best things to learn from German people?
What are the pieces of advice you would give to someone who recently started using Quora?
What one experience have you had that has changed the way you behave?
What are some financial decisions you wish you made when you were younger?
Why are there a lot of things that I don't understand in life?
Who is the one person who you think has changed your life and made it different to what it was supposed to be?
What is the most difficult thing to understand about life?
What should I start doing in my 20 so that I have nothing to regret at 40?
What is the best thing that happened to someone and made you jealous?
What turning point in your life do you wish you could go back and do over, and why?
What are the five daily practices to a long joyful life?
What are the things in life that you wish you had the courage to do?
What has poor childhood taught you?
What event changed your life most dramatically?
How do bus drivers handle bus fights?
What is the one thing you wish someone had taught you earlier in your supply chain career?
Was there one thing you came across/learned that drastically changed your life for the better?
How can I change those things which I do not want to accept?
What's an experience that changed you?
What is the best decision you have made in bed?
What's the worst thing you ever got away with?
What is musketry, and what happened in the first lesson in musketry?
How do I get over my social mistakes?
What is the greatest challenge you’ve experienced as you’ve adjusted to life in Mexico?
What is your biggest mistake in school life?
What is the thing that surprised and astounded you the most?
Which was the biggest awe-inspiring moment of your life so far?
What can I learn in one day, that other people have learned in one year?
What is one thing that only an excellent dentist knows?
Is there any moment in your life of which you can remember every sensation?
What is the best advice your ever-junior colleague gave you?
What things do you learn from nature?
What is something you regret doing as a kid?
What was the hardest thing for you to get over?
Other than repetition and learning from mistakes, what advice can you give to be extremely good at something?
What facts about life have you descovered or learned that are not quite popular?
What are some good principles of life?
What is the most life-affirming statement you have personally heard from a person in failing health?
When you look back as an adult, what do you regret from your youth?
What do you wish you could have told your younger self and why?
Why is it important to study the basic lessons in carnatic music?
What are some things in life you have found to be astonishing?
What has been the most deadly moment of your life?
What is a thing that you have done in the past and you truly regret now?
Which is the best book I should read for learning life lessons and life experiences?
What is the most paradoxical thing you have seen or experienced?
What are some lessons a person should learn in their 30s?
What thing does man need the most?
What is the one thing that undermines the whole thing that’s going on in Quora?
What is the hardest thing you faced in learning how to code?
Are there any webpages like Udemy which teach statistics lessons?
What was the moment when you learnt to appreciate?
What are some things you wish you knew when you wrote essays in college?
What are some things that people will surely regret after doing?
Do small things in life matters?
Which was your first biggest mistake in your life?
What is the most regretful thing you have done in your life?
What is the thing you’ll do as the last thing in your life?
If you were sixteen again, what life lessons, tips, tricks would you have wished you'd known?
What one thing can you do daily that'll change your life at the long run? Maybe not immediately.
If you could make a throwaway life like a throwaway account, what would you do with this life?
What kinds of things are there just one of, in all the world?
Do you regret not doing something in your twenties?
What are the best things about being a less fortunate?
What myths teach lessons about communication, information and/or knowledge?
What was the worst grade of your life and how come?
Is being happy the most important thing in life? If it is, why do I find it meaningless? Is that all that life can offer?
What is one thing you did out of sheer curiosity and regretted doing a few moments later?
What is the most life changing situation you have been in that you think will be helpful to others?
What's the best thing someone could tell their parents?
What are the regrets that you have as a student?
Besides the basic necessities of life, what is one thing you cannot live without?
What is the thing that makes your life, this earth, worth living?
What are the most inteligent things one can do?
Are there any examples of crackpot physicists who later realised their flawed thinking?
Is there any sudden realisation you've had that completely changed your life and/or your perspective on life?
What are the greatest life lessons that Quora taught you?
Is it true that success has no meaning, when you don't have people around you to share your happiness?
What have you done in your life that you've completed?
What is important and essential things for living a life?
How do you balance work/school life and social life?
Why do I feel that my life is a series of frustrating moments in life?
What’s the hardest decision you've ever made?
What are your top 10 rules of life?
What are the 5 most important areas of life that people may need help with and why?
Which idea that you didn't persue do you most regret?
Does life get harder?
What is that one sentence said by someone that changed you as a person forever?
What did you learn from great personalities?
What is the best lesson you have ever learned in your life experience?
What was the most important lesson you learned from your father?
When banking is heading towards full fledged digital interface / automation, what is the one thing you wish it should have?
What's the greatest life lesson you have learned?
Whats the worst thing that could ever happen to a unicorn?
Did you ever have a perspective/bias that you later realized you were wrong?
What is the most valuable business lesson that a business owner can learn in India?
It is said that the Turks were only able to conquer India because Indian rulers failed to stand against them. What lesson did we learn?
What are some secret tricks that you know and you don’t want to share?
What has been the life expectancy across time from the first century till now?
What are some of the best lessons humans can learn from nature and apply in daily lives?
How does one deal with regret letter for an opportunity you wish you had?
How has your life changed?
Is making mistakes a great way to learn?
What is one thing that most people do that you don't?
What is an "only in Canada" moment?
How can I fix myself, i.e. how can I still live life to the fullest when I've made bad decisions on dumb assumptions in the past, and acted on them?
What is the one thing you wish you had been told when you were younger?
What are some habits that one must develop to not regret in later life?
What are the mistakes people make when trying to understand everything?
Why do people commit the same mistakes?
What is the most useful thing I can do when I am 14?
What are some things you did that if you had another life you wouldn’t do again?
Even though I think I have learnt my lesson I will make the same mistakes. How can I avoid making the same mistakes?
What's the most intriguing thing you've learned from people who were dying?
What is the #1 reason you are successful?
If you could choose to live your life again from any age you wished, retaining your memory, would you and what age would you choose?
If I want to write poetry, what are the most important things I have to learn?
What are the things that you wish someone had told you about instead of having to learn about it on your own?
What are some life-changing stories?
What tips would you give to your younger self?
Do you regret going to college early?
What is the best professional advice you have ever been given?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you, but you wouldn't change because it taught you something?
What is that one thing that you believe is true and nobody agrees upon?
What are the best things you want to do once in your life?
What should I do to live life properly when I don't have any educational qualifications?
What is the thing that can change your life?
What lessons did you learn from your failed business pursuits?
What would be a thing which you would like to change about yourself if given a chance?
What is the toughest situation in your life?
What is the most difficult part of your life and how did you face it?
Objectively, what's the one most important secret to success in life?
Have you ruined your life?
What are the things people miss out in life?
What is your biggest regret from your childhood?
Would you rather have a good life ahead of you, or a good life behind you?
How do you feel in school?
What is the worst thing you've done and regretted?
What is something you wish existed earlier?
What is an act of racism that you've committed for which you deeply regret?
What are some entrepreneurial skill you wish you had earlier?
What was the ugliest fight with your dad, which you regret now?
How should I deal with an arrogant father of the groom?
Have you ever regretted being wealthy?
What do you treasure the most in life?
What is one thing you could do today to improve your marriage?
What action of yours will you regret forever?
Did the experience of space change something in astronauts forever?
What is the worst thing that can happen if I give Messenger access to my pictures?
How do you respond to “I was spanked and I learnt my lesson”?
How should one develop a thick skin in order to survive in the big bad world?
What are top things you wish you should have done in your 20-40s?
What is the best thing that can happen to you?
If you had 24 hours left of your life and a magical rock that would grant whatever you wished (no one could use it after you died), what would you do?
What is the hardest thing to understand about life which we must at least try to grasp?
What is the most toughest work in life?
Why shouldn't you regret?
What is a mistake made by your parents that you've tried your best to avoid making?
What are the most common perceptions about life?
What do you believe in most in life?
What are some of the happy moments in an average lifespan that make life worth living as a human being?
I'm turning sixteen in about a fortnight. What are the best things I can start now to continue the entire year and improve my life exponentially?
What is the worst thing you've ever done that you got something good out of?
Given what you know now, what's the best piece of advice you would give your fifteen-year-old self if you could go back in time?
Is there a Quoran answer that changed your life?
Do you believe in learning without making mistakes?
What is the single most important lesson learned from your mother?
Have I made any mistakes in this fact-based video?
Have you ever had a 'dumb moment' in your life? What is it?
What is one thing you wished you'd known in your high school years when applying for scholarships?
What is the funiest thing you've ever seen?
What was one moment of your life where without God or some random chance you would've been in a different place today?
If you were to start your life all over again, what are the things you would never do or that you think you would avoid at all costs?
What is the most important thing you've ever forgotten?
What are your regrets today?
What are some financial mistakes you wish you would have avoided?
What is the best lesson your father taught you about buildings?
Why are we ignoring negative regrets in the regret-based algorithms?
What life lessons have you learned in your engineering?
How do I remove my father from my life?
What is the best advice you would offer someone who is approaching 30?
What are some important things that life doesn't prepare you for?
How do I get started in life?
What is the thing you want to do but you never do it?
What are some important lessons that you learned from your business failure?
Have you ever held anyone responsible for your mistake?
Should I regret opting EI over EE?
What is one thing about the world beyond the classroom that those who were educated in Singapore wished they had learnt at a young age (aged 7–12)?
What is the best thing to do when you just genuinely enjoy nothing about life?
What are the most surprising or useful thing you learnt from Quora?
What is the hardest fronted position in your life?
What is the most overrated thing you still do but don’t regret it?
What should I do, I had screwed my life?
What is the one thing you have learnt from movies?
How do I have no regrets in the future?
What is the one thing you regret saying to someone?
What small, casual piece of advice taught you an unforgettable lesson?
Should you do what you'd prefer to do or what you think needs to be done that others won't do?
How can I learn from everything?
What have been the worst things about turning 30?
What was your biggest mistake as a new realtor?
Have you missed out on something big, only to be glad you did later on?
How many times can a person be forgiven for making the same mistake?
Do you have any regrets to tell?
How do I deal with big changes in life?
What are the things I should learn from Bhagwan Shiv?
Do US universities have lesson-like classes for undergraduates? I.e. not just lectures and tutorials, but actual lessons like in school?
Do people actually learn from their mistakes? Do a lot of people tend to repeat them throughout life?
What are some tried and tested life lessons that you want to teach the world?
Did you ever regret attending a certain college? Why?
How do you deal with missed opportunities?
What does it mean for god to be the most important thing in your life?
What is the quickest move you made that saved your life?
What are the things we must do before turning 20?
What life changing decision do you regret the most?
What are some things I can do everyday to make my life more meaningful?
What did you learn from your life in Infosys?
Which book managed to change the point of view towards your life?
What are some little things that will change my life completely?
Have you ever regretted not opening up yourself to those you cared for?
Would you rather start life anew with no recollection of your current life, or reverse one bad decision you made in your life?
What is the best life advice you have ever got?
Why is it important to learn from the best?
Why do most of us feel jealous of other people’s fame/success? What important lesson does this feeling teach us?
What have you learnt from engineering?
What lessons can the UK learn from the USA's experience with white flight?
Have you ever said something to your mother that you regret?
What's the biggest mistake that you made as a parent?
What's the thing you wish you had known when you were 18?
For those of you who have had successful psychotherapy, what lessons did you learn?
How can you best absorb the advice given by the school of life?
What if I made the biggest mistake I have made in my life?
What lesson should we learn about the things that defy our logic?
What are some things in life that won't change?
How do I say "I still have a lot of things to learn in life" in Japanese?
What can a 25-year-old male do when he knows that he has made a bad decision at a major point in his life? How can he overcome his regret?
Where from did Vethathiri Maharishi learnt yoga from?
What is one specific life decision that has shaped what you are today?
What is the most important advice you've been given in your life?
The girl who I love is engaged. I want to buy something for myself that can be kept in her remembrance. What can I buy?
How should I fix all my mistakes (read details)?
How is having money going to change my life?
How can I stop being offended by everything?
What lessons can we learn from Iron Man and Captain America?
What is some life advice for a 17-year-old or something you wish you had known or experienced in your 20s?
What is the worst thing that can happen to a man?
Have you ever crushed on a celeb and regretted it later?
What is one thing you should never go cheap on?
How do I fight with regrets?
What type of thinking must one have to get the most out of their life?
What are the most innovative things you have done when you were broke?
What is the one thing you can do to a narcissist that they wish they never met you?
What are the realities of life which everyone tends to overlook?
Education-wise, what are the things that I should know in life?
What is the worst piece of advice you see being given in your field?
What lessons from grad school ended up being most important to you in your career and work life?
Have you ever met someone who has changed your life?
What are some of the best things that one should experience in their life?
What event happened in your life that changed it forever?
What else is there to do in life?
Which character from any anime or any comic book helps us to learn life lessons?
Is there such a thing called a slump in part of our life?
When someone is trying to get their life back, what is the most important piece of advice you would give?
What are the habbits to make life interesting?
What is your ideal purpose in life?
Are there things that are built to help your life, but only make it more difficult?
At what point did you realize you'd had enough?
Is college worth it over other things in life, such as a love life?
If you could be extremely skilled at one thing, what would that thing be?
How do I convince my friend that love is not the most important thing in life?
Should we rely on our destiny? Are we the creators, and if so, how? Sometimes we try our utmost, but don't get the desired results.
What interaction with one person made you change something major in your life?
Have you ever helped a person on the road in a medical emergency? What are the top three things you thought were the most important in such a situation?
What do you know now that you wish you had known when you were 18?
Do you ever feel that you want to talk to someone about how you feel about your life now and what you have learnt? Tell me your story.
What is a life worth?
What are the top three things that a person should value in life?
What is one thing that you wish people understood about you?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
How do I teach a proper lesson to the mad honkers on the road when I am pissed off?
What is that one thing you wish to change in your life?
What is the purpose of seeking human experiences and "living life to the fullest"?
"Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it." From that phrase, what lessons could America take from the past to improve the future?
Is there a particular incident where you beat your child and did NOT regret it later?
What is the best thing you have done for yourself this year?
What is the one funny & one weird thing that you have heard about yourself​?
What mistakes do people make when providing advice?
What are some of the ways people live their life to the fullest?
What is the most important thing to do for late midlife?
What are 3 things you'll definitely achieve in your life?
When someone with true NPD is old, do they look back and realize the mistakes they made in life?
What is valuable knowledge/information that is not taught in school?
How do you take time to notice the important things in your busy life?
What are the lessons learned as an experienced Project Manager?
What is one embarrasing moment you'll never forget?
What does death teach us about life?
If you had to change one decision that you made in the past, at anytime in your life, what would it be?
What is best thing you have for others until now?
What are the important life lessons that your father taught you?
How did you find your reason to live?
What are the things in your life which make you feel that you are really very lucky?
What was the worst thing you ever did or someone did to you?
What is the biggest mistake of Nokia and Motorola for its downfall?
What is the best lesson you have learned in life?
How do I live life to the fullest and be successful?
Which Hindi movie teaches you the best life lesson?
What strangest experienced you ever had in cruise ships?
Why do intelligent people have fewer or no friends?
What are some movies, TV shows, &/or books that teach life lessons on how to go from being a nobody with no skills to achieving a goal on one’s own?
What do you think is the most important thing about parenting?
What's the most important thing that you have learned from your work experience?
What's the most important lesson life taught you the hard way?
What's one job you would never want to do?
I made a mistake while registering for MAT. So what should I do now?
What is the good stuff? What are the most important things in life?
How you fight bullying in schools?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
How do I keep life simple and inexpensive?
What is the craziest mistake one can make and how does one stop the guilt after the mistake? It's eating me up.
What is the most interesting thing you learned from photography?
Have you ever did something that almost destroyed your life, but you still don't regret it?
What's the most pleasurable thing you've done and regretted afterwards?
What little but important thing did you learn today?
What's the most valuable life lesson you've learnt on Quora?
What are the things we do in life only once?
What's awesome about life, and what about life sucks?
If you were granted one thing free for your lifetime, what would you choose?
What did you learn today that you'll remember for the rest of your life?
What is the most important thing to do in your 50′s?
What is the most courageous thing you have done till now?
What's an investment that you wish you had made?
What do you wish you would have learned in art school?
What did you learn from your MBA life?
Any incident in your life where you applied presence of mind and it worked?
Has there ever been a point in your life where you knew you had to change?
When did you have your first boyfriend and what did you learn from that experience?
How do you evaluate your life at this moment?
Why was a reversal in Pulakeshin's II success on field? What lessons can be learnt from it?
What are the worst experiences you had with a product and you wished if there was something better?
What's the most dumbfounded thing you've ever heard someone say?
What are the best financial decisions you've made in your 20s?
What does this mean "Letting you go when I had you was the stupidest thing I've ever done"?
What are your experiences of mindfulness? How have your life changed?
What is the most miraculous thing that has ever happened to you?
Does Akshay Seth make mistakes in investing, and can he share them often?
If you were an American progressive in the past, what life changing moment pushed you away from that ideology?
What is one thing that you wish you would have known before you started meditating?
How do you accept failure?
Why should I not shout at and abuse the people who irritate me?
What is the difference between a happy ending to an event in life and a victory at the end of an event in life?
What was the worst verbal insult you have ever taken in your life?
What were the worst five minutes of your life?
How do I prioritize in life?
In a world of a monotonous, comforting life, and with a hedonistical self-accepting point of view, I want to experience hardship. What can I do?
What's something you know now that you wish you knew when you first started your business?
I regret becoming a parent. How common is this?
Did you ever get in a fight when you were a preteen kid between the ages of 8 and 12? Did you learn a lesson from fighting? What did it feel like? Did it hurt?
What is the best accident ever that has happened to you and has changed your life completely?
What’s that song about school shootings where the kids ask "what's our lesson" and the teacher or shooter says "today's lesson is how to die"?
I am not sure what my passion is. How do I figure that out?
If success comes with the price of happiness, should I go for it?
What are some things that you need to learn how to do in life (e.g. how to sew and other things like that)?
What are some universal laws that everyone should know about?
What is worst thing you have come across in life?
What are some lessons that a modern person could learn from reading "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
Why did you never do anything amazing with your life?
What is that one thing that you did today which made you feel proud?
How do you know you are succeeding in life?
What is the most important fact for a good life?
Are old school good habits like early rising, self-dependence, timeliness, and not wasting food still relevant today with resources readily available?
Why do people regret when they'll never truly know the outcome of other decisions?
Do you regret telling someone your deepest secret?
What is the most important thing to know at 21?
Have you managed to turn your life around and save yourself from rock bottom?
What was your hardest moment in school?
How do I accept failure, learn from it and move on with life from there?
What's something you regret not saying?
What are the habits required to lead a happy and contended life? How to practice them in our daily life?
Yesterday I turned 18. What advice do you have for me?
Did you ever regret immigrating to the US?
What are the little things that has made your life extraordinary?
Have you ever heard anybody say the phrase that they have “done a 360° change” (or turn) in their life or on an issue?
What’s the worst mistake you ever made?
Is life important to you?
What was an instance in your life where you realized that words have consequences?
What abilities do engineers wish they had had before going into the workforce?
What secret could ruin your life?
What do you wish you had done differently in the past?
Does god give us second chances to rectify our lives and the mistakes we have made?
What was your first illegal mistake?
If you could go back to 19, what would you tell yourself?
What are the things that a person regrets before they die?
How do I get over the regret of not earning enough in my career?
What is the nastiest thing you've ever seen while traveling?
Would you believe someone who told that they've never made a mistake in their life?
What's your big mistake in your business life?
Wht are some questions that made your life change?
What do you think are the most important things the Canadian tech industry needs?
How can you deal with people who ruin your life?
What do you expect to get out of your place of worship today, encouragement, a meal, a life lesson?
What is the story of your life so far?
Did you ever realize that you were completely wrong about something your whole life?
If you could do just one thing with absolute and total impunity, what would it be?
Why don't I remember my lessons taught in class on which I don't concentrate though my sensory organs are working perfectly?
What moment of your life made you think, “I hate the human race”?
What is the worst mistake done by a Freemason?
Some people say that they have had difficult or stressful experiences but they have learned important lessons from them. Is that true for you?
What are some behavorial patterns that learnt from nurture?
Have you ever done anything you have regretted?
What should you not do to succeed in life?
What is the best thing that happens to you when you are lost?
What was the most uplifting thing you learnt in your 20s?
What is one thing about you that you know is wrong yet you don't want to change?
What event or epiphany made you most of what you are today?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve done in your life and got away with?
What's the worst mistake young people can make?
How can we develop strong moral values?
What is the worst thing that could happen to somebody besides death or illness?
What was something that someone said or did that has changed you forever?
What is the best thing you regret in your life?
Which type of girl is suitable for an introvert guy?
What is the new thing you learnt today?
Why does news ruin your life?
What is the worst misunderstanding that has happened with you that changed your life completely?
What is it like to have an idea that you can't execute because of a lack of funds, and would you regret it later on?
What mistakes have you made as a manager and how have you learned from them?
What is most important about our heart?
Which are the biggest mistakes that we usually do?
What is the best thing your state’s government has ever done?
How do I avoid any mistake in daily life?
What is one situation in life that you would want to change if given the option?
What is the most surprisingly cool thing your parents did?
Is the hydrogen lesson important for the NEET?
What has been your greatest pain point across the process of a job search? What was your greatest lesson learned throughout?
What one device would you recommend to others that would change their lives positively?
Have you ever regretted asking someone for help?
Which is the biggest mistake done by your maid/servant?
What is the most intelligent thing you recently done that amazed yourself?
When will you think that your life is complete?
What is the absolute, most important thing in your life?
What's the best advice someone older then gave you?
What’s the most important thing your father taught you as a little boy?
How do surgeons have the courage to continue working after they had screwed up someone's life?
How is it to live a life you don’t like?
What is the best thing you have ever done for any person in your life?
How far have you come in your life?
What do we have to do if there is no mistake on our part, only on our partner's, and then she blames us?
Did FOMO ever make you take a decision that you later regretted?
What are those 3 things that screwed your life?
What are the things you never should do in Mumbai?
What do you wish you could have told your younger self and why?
What lesson have you learned from history that you would never forget?
How is having money going to change my life?
What are 30 things that you'll regret when you are old?
What was that phase of your life or incident which made you go crazy but makes you laugh at your stupidity now?
What life lesson(s) did you learn from F.C. Barcelona's remarkable comeback?
If you could have changed one thing when starting the company, what would it have been?
How did you move on?
What is the one thing you want to be known for to the rest of the world?
What was the darkest moment of your life and how did you get out of it?
What's the best thing happening in your life right now?
What are some life realizations that are made after turning 40?
What was your life's best experience?
What are the best moments in your life with your parents?
What is the "mistake" you are most grateful to have made?
What is the worst thing you have told or done to your parents and regretted for the rest of your life?
If you were to die in 1 hour, what would you regret the most?
What are the biggest mistakes made when forming a Board of Directors and choosing people to be members of the Board of Directors?
If I live everyday as my last day, will I have a good life?
What is the piece of advice you would give to a lover?
What is the saddest day of your life?
What are some things you wish you had known before joining MBBS the first year?
Do we have to do something special in life to be satisfied with life?
What one thing changed you as a human and took you where you are today?
What’s the one piece of advice you’d give to a newborn?
What are your top five priorities in life?
What lessons did the oil exploration firms learn from the events depicted in the movie Deepwater Horizon (2016)?
What is the worst thing you've ever done in a bar?
What is the simplest mistake that you think ruined your life?
Has there been a lesson that was non-obvious and even counter-intuitive, but crucial that you learned it on your journey as an entrepreneur? If so, what was that lesson?
How do I get over the numerous regrets I have in my life?
What are some great lessons that you have learnt from life?
What's something which has ruined your life?
What important lesson did you learn during your youth that you now apply to running Foursquare?
What is that one event in your teens which you never told anyone and still haunts you?
What is the piece of advice you would give to a baby?
How do you stick to one decision, when you have two options to make life-changing decisions?
What is the best advice that you got from your worst friend?
What is the best thing you have seen about anime in real life?
How do you say "the most important thing" in Spanish?
What is one thing you'd like to share in Quora which you haven't done before? Could be advice, suggestion, story, your life incident, or anything?
What is the most stupid thing you have ever done in your life?
Who or what has made the biggest difference in your life and how?
Based on the experiences and lessons you've learned up until your age (45 or older), if you could go back to 17, what would you do differently?
I am not living my life to the fullest and not following my aim. I am now 14. What should I do?
What fun/productive things can be learnt in a week?
What is an ideal way of life?
What is your biggest regret about your loved ones?
How did making millions change Robert Herjavec?
When you look back on your life choices, do you feel like you've chosen the right ones?
How do you console someone who failed a very important exam?
How do I change my horrible life?
What mistakes did you make in your life and did they teach you a lot?
What's the worst advice you've received about college applications?
How do I face the change in my life?
What was the most important lesson that your enemy have taught you?
What is the most soul satisfying thing you have ever done in your college life?
What do you regret doing in highschool?
What do you regret voting for most?
What piece of advice would Aman Goel give to someone in class 9 and class 10?
What is the best lesson you have learned from somebody?
What lessons have I learned when traveling?
What are some quick hacks of life from Quora that have helped you practically in life?
What is most important thing you have learned in traveling?
What are the things you learned from the absence of your loved ones?
What do you think is the most important thing about parenting?
What do you regret not doing when you were 21?
Is making mistakes a great way to learn?
What are some lessons you've learned while going on tour?
What is one thing that you never want to do?
What is a real failure in your life?
What are “must-do/ at least try once” things in life for entertainment?
What are the mistakes done by Moraji Desai?
What is the worst thing ever done to win?
What do you wish you knew once before that you know now?
In the midst of my life, based on my experiences, I finally understood and I claim that every enjoyable action has its downsides. Has it?
Do mediums ever tell people negative things they've learned from the dead?
How will you recall your moment of ruination in your life?
How health is most important in our life?
What has life taught you this far? What adversities did you face in order to get to where you are now?
What are your most valuable accelerated learning tools?
Would you be honest if you learned from something?
What's the biggest mistake, regret, opportunity and choice for a 20 year old?
What have you learned from your rival?
Francis Bacon said you cannot love and be wise. Is that true?
How do you make your life interesting?
What is the one thing or action that changed your life?
What was the most valuable thing a taxi driver ever told you?
Why is it not possible to destroy a mistake or can it be done?
What can we learn from Shrikant Jichkar’s life?
Who taught you how to drive?
What are the most valuable lessons you've learned about entrepreneurship?
How do you evaluate your life at this moment?
Everyone makes mistakes. Thinking about a professional or personal mistake, what was it and what did you learn from it?
If you could change a single decision in your life, which decision would that be and why?
What is the best life lesson you learnt the hard way?
What would be one thing you would say to others?
I do everything fast but I make mistakes, what should I do?
What is one thing you want to say to Quora?
What are the life lessons one can learn from Lord Shiva?
Why doesn't everyone just do what they love, if they have the privilege to do so?
What have you learnt from other's mistakes?
When you can't master a field because of lack of interest, will it be considered as your failure or a reminder for you to work more on it?
What is the best piece of advice that you could give to all parents?
What is the best successful life?
Are your marks the most important thing in your career?
What have you learned from your own life?
What are the important lessons thst current generations can learn from world history?
What would you change in your life from your past if you could and why?
How can you learn to not regret something you did?
What is the best thing about being a car mechanic?
Does anime teach us anything in reality? If so, then what does it teach us?
How do I let go of the regret of not doing things earlier in life?
What are the lessons you learned from movies that have a deep impact in your life?
"The older you get, the less you know," is a well-known quote. What don't you know?
What doesn’t history teach us?
Which professional failure have you learned the most from?
What is the best way to survive the most difficult things in life?
What are some simple life lessons which people takes whole lifetime to learn?
What is that one moment where you think animals brought hope to your life?
What are the best things to be seen in IPL 2017?
What are essential life lessons children are not taught in school?
What is the lesson if we go for a tour?
What is the best reason to live life to the fullest?
What are the five most important things for a girl to learn in life?
How do I change my life completely?
What is the biggest mistake made by students while preparing for NID exams?
What things did you learn since last week?
How can small vows influence and improve one's life?
How do I remain neutral to all the events happening around me?
What is the lesson you have learnt from some others' mistake?
What obvious thing may I be not seeing in life?
What are five important lessons that India can learn from developments in the last 500 years in world history?
What is one thing you learned to do that significantly improved the efficiency of your daily life?
What makes life special from the rest of the things in the universe?
How was that moment when you realised that now you and your girl will make love and be one? Did you ever in your life regret it?
Has anyone bragged about something but later came to regret what they said?
Have you ever changed the entire course of your life (for the good or bad) with one decision?
What lessons did you learn about scaling a company as Foursquare was growing?
What are some things in life you find aggravating and/or frustrating?
What are some important things that life doesn't prepare you for?
What have been the greatest mistakes of your career?
What is the craziest thing you ever did in your college/hostel life?
Have you ever discovered that a decision you made years ago saved your life?
For those who are involved in cleaning up litter from roads, what's the most valuable thing you've found, and were you allowed to keep it?
What is the one such experience that taught you something you wish you had known earlier?
What is your biggest mistake? What did you learn from it?
Which preposition should I fill in the blank: "I wished that I_____come earlier"?
What are 3 things you love most about yourself?
What historical event teaches the best management lesson?
How did you decrease the number of silly mistakes you were making and improve so that you don't make them as often anymore? What were those mistakes?
What would you do if you could do only one thing?
What were the moments when you realized that you had learned something?
How smart do you need to be to succeed in life?
What is the important lesson you would like to teach the world before it is too late?
What is the best piece of advice a relative ever shared with you?
Have you had a moment in your life where you almost died?
What was one of the most important thing you learned from the faling in life?
What are the life lessons one can learn from one’s wife?
How can small vows bring drastic and exponential changes in how we live life?
What are some important and inspirational life lessons that one needs to know in order to succeed in life?
What are the life lessons one can learn from death?
What are the most unexpected things about getting old?
What are the most powerful lessons that you learned from failing and how did you get back up?
What is the one incident that happened to you that motivated you for your entire life?
What you did mistakes in your btech life? And how did you solve it?
Is there any one who has never done any mistake in his life?
What is the golden advice which you learnt from your wife?
What are some 10 things you never knew you wanted to know?
What is the most painful thing you've ever done?
What’s the worst mistake you've seen in an email?
Can "What's the experience that changed your life?" be considered as an open question?
As a parent, what is the most important life thing/lesson about your past life that you can tell your kids who are still growing up?
How can I discover things that I haven’t yet learnt in life?
What is the best advice your ever-junior colleague gave you?
What are the experiences that built you?
What lessons did you learn from books that changed your life?
Will there be really a defining moment in life?
What’s the most important thing your father taught you as a little boy?
How do I handle failure in my life?
What is the master guide to live life to the fullest?
What's been that one thing which you like a lot but you don't need in your daily life?
What is one specific life decision that has shaped what you are today?
What is the biggest sacrifice you have made and changed someones life?
What is the one thing you are currently finding difficult to change about yourself and why?
What was your deepest regret in life?
Are life lessons same for same age group people?
What are the best things for doing in tough time of life?
What are the financial mistakes that young graduates must avoid?
What are the best life lessons people can learn from playing chess?
What is most pointless thing you've ever seen?
Do your fears give you strength?
When did you realise that you had learned how to drive?
Whats the best and worst thing that can happen in life?
What mistake did you make on a date that you now regret?
What's a new fact/ thing you learnt today?
Is it because he shouted at Jadeja while fielding that Indian players collectively decided to teach Kohli a lesson?
Is it true that good people always suffer?
What's the one thing you wish you had known when you were in college?
What lessons have you learnt so far from video games?
What is some Life advice that you received from an old person and it changed your life?
What is your regretful moment? How does it changed your life?
What is one real thing in life?
What's the best lesson you learned from a person who was once your best friend?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What was the most stupidest thing you have done in your life?
What are some good short life lessons for the Vietnamese?
When will you ever learn?
How would you change life in one single thought?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
What is one thing which changed you, for the better or worse?
As a window cleaner what is the most interesting thing you have ever seen?
Is there any incident in your life which felt random at first but later on went to have a profound impact on you?
What life lessons can be learnt from the life of Bhishma of Mahabharata?
What lesson(s) have you learned from experience, from a real incident, or from life?
What are some things in life you feel you don't need?
What lesson(s) did you learn from (a) kid(s)?
How do I keep things simple in life?
What are the lessons that we can learn from film The Godfather?
What is the one most important thing you think Singapore needs to change and why?
What is the most inspiring thing you have ever seen?
How do successful people control their sexual urges while working towards a goal?
Have you ever forgiven someone and regretted it later?
When did you first feel like you had things figured out in life?
What is Trump’s biggest mistake so far?
What is the single most valuable task that you perform on your smartphone?
How is Dhoni in person?
What is the most epic thing you have ever seen?
What lesson can we learn from the destruction of Pompeii?
What is the ideal way of living a brahmacharya (Celibate) life?
What is something that you wish you had told or done to your ex but never got a chance?
What's the best piece of Leadership advice you've ever been given, and what difference did it make to you?
What's your biggest regret in terms of ICSE exams?
Why do we fail to learn from our mistakes?
What is your story and what have you learned so far?
What are some things in life people have that they really don't need?
What was your life changing moment that lasted only one second?
A crazy Necromancer has turned you into a living skeleton, how does your life change afterwards?
Is writing answers on Quora only for the experienced and successful?
What were some blunt mistakes made by Balaji Viswanathan and what did he learn from them?
Is there anything in life that is truly free?
What kind of wife does an Indian Army guy look for?
How can I make myself tougher in life?
Your lifeline is fixed for 70 years. How would you plan to live a fulfilling life with no regrets?
Should I work towards something important or live life to the fullest?
What are the useful things that can be learnt quickly?
What's the one thing that keeps you from acting on a goal?
What's that's one life advice you will give to an individual?
What is one thing that you have not shared with anyone yet?
Will I ever be able to improve and move past my mistakes in school?
What regrets will you hold before dying?
What are things we should do to be tougher in life?
What are the regrets that a death brings?
What made you realise money is not the important thing in life?
How do you maintain your crucial moment in life?
Can a selfish life be good sometimes?
What are some life changing advices?
What lessons we can learn from our boss?
How can I teach a lesson to an Indian who hates India?
What has been the hardest thing for you to accept in life?
Has anybody undergone rhinoplasty only to regret going through with the procedure?
What is one thing that you wish you could change about yourself?
What are some things you wish you would've known before starting college?
Have you ever done something out of boredom that changed your life?
What is the one single thing to make life easier?
What was the biggest failure of your life which made you succeed later?
Does gaining insights into the full dynamics of a horrible family help cement the choice to cut them from your life?
What are the three most important parts or aspects of your life?
What is the hardest thing to do to make life easier?
What is the most beneficial thing you have learned throughout your lifetime?
What is the best lesson your profession taught you?
When you're down on all the fours financially, what do you do to get up again?
What is the best piece of wisdom you were told by a child?
What is the hardest relationship lesson you've ever had to learn?
What is a secret or regret that you have never told anybody?
Have you ever said something you wish you never said?
What is your worst mistake and how did you overcome it?
My grandpa passed away and it changed my perspective on life. How do I live life to the fullest?
While in India, what did you learn from Indians that changed your life?
What have you learned from aging? Do you wish you could go back?
What was your most impactful internal experience on LSD and did it change your life? If yes how?
What do I do in a situation where I was scolded for others’ mistakes?
Which is better - regretting not doing something or regretting doing something?
Do you regret not doing at least one thing that you want to do in life?
Can people ruin your life just for fun?
As an older-than-average person, what lessons did life teach you?
What is the stupidest thing you did in high school?
What is one thing you can lose, never get back, or ever find again?
What is something you learned as an adult which you wish you learned when you were younger?
What was the biggest mistake you've ever made at work? What were the consequences?
What environmental lessons can be learnt from Indian mythology?
What is the best life advice that anyone has received from a couple that grew old together?
What are things that you wish you knew earlier?
Have you learned anything from reading David Payne answers?
How should one learn to ask better questions (considering that this is one of the most important skills that can change your life)?
. What was the biggest challenge you faced in getting to where you are today and how did you overcome it?
What is the best thing I can do right now?
What are the things I should do in my life?
What is the best incident in your life where you wanted to give up on something but still managed to accomplish it?
You have five minutes left to live. You have been told you can have one wish, on the condition that it must be for selfish reasons. What is your wish?
What is the best way not to repeat mistakes?
What leadership skills can be learnt from Trump?
How do I teach a lesson to my colleagues who make practical jokes on me without involving any authority?
What is the best thing that has happened to you as a doctor?
What is the most important lesson you learned from your pet?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made when designing a logo?
How do you get the confidence to do new things and change your life for the better?
Do you think PWC should do anything about the mistake at the Oscars? Or are even high dollar accountants allowed to make mistakes once in a while?
What do you think about Buddhism as a way of life and if you have had any experience with it, how has it impacted your life as a whole?
Where can one take his or her reaches to in life living and after life?
What is the one thing that you wouldn't like to see in the future - at least in your lifetime?
What can be anyone's biggest regret at the end of life?
What are things you would advice no one to do?
How do I fix a political mistake at work?
What was a life-changing rejection that you've experienced (career, university, social, or romantic)? How has it changed you as a person?
What is your unexpected failure in life?
What lessons should budding filmmakers learn from Alfred Hitchcock?
What is the best mistake you have ever done?
What small things, in hindsight, were a mistake to do that either ruined the relationship or made it unpleasant?
What are the life changing thoughts that came into you mind randomly?
What are the most important things of man in the life?
What is lesson I learn from my first internship?
What was a life-changing rejection you've experienced?
Sometimes our kids teach us life lessons. Which one made a difference in your life?
What are things you learned from the death of one of your loved ones?
If you get 70% in ISC, is your life ruined?
What is the first and most important thing that I should do to get into Massachusetts?
What can I change my life in five minute, that I couldn't in my lintier life?
What is the most boring period in your life so far?
You find a book on your life, you get up to the page in life you are up to now. Will you turn the next page knowing you can't change whatever it says?
At what point in your life did you realise that you had changed?
What is the worst mistake you made while buying phone on Flipkart?
If you could do one thing again in your life, what would it be and why?
How long did it take you to realize your biggest mistake?
What life lessons you want to teach your child?
What are 12 psychological hacks to improve the outcome of any social situation?
How should I start giving a fuck about things in life?
What was that serendipitous moment or person which changed everything for you?
Why is learning from other’s mistakes so difficult?
What is the one most unique and beautiful thing the Quran has taught you, which you don't believe you'd find otherwise/elsewhere?
What more do you want in your life?
What is happening in your life now a days? Any change? Any unexpected incident?
What are some lessons that the Vietnamese could learn from great men?
I want to learn to simplify my life. What are the main principles?
What was a moment in your life that you realized you were out of control?
What are some of known mistakes repeated everyday?
Is it worth living an unworthy life, a life devoid of any positive contribution(s), a life which is a burden on mother nature and her resources?
How important is honor in your life?
Is your life more important than you?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you and how did you recover from it?
What are the biggest mistakes one can make in their 20's?
"Honesty is the best policy," is this applicable in all situations?
What are things that you regret not having done earlier?
What is the best lesson that you learnt from your parents?
Why are people, who made terrible mistakes early in their lives (e.g., getting pregnant at 16), considered more mature later in their lives?
What is the biggest failure you have gone through? How did you face it? And how did you bounce back?
I want to restart my life, but I’m 13. What can I do?
How can doxxing mess up your life?
Looking back at life, what do you regret the most?
What is the one decision of life that affects 90% decisions of life?
What is the best thing you would never forget learning from your teachers or elders?
What do you most regret in general?
My life is a complete mess presently. What to do?
What has changed your life for better or worse?
If you had one thing to say to a new, young author, what would it be?
Why does every moment have to be so hard?
How do I be a good role model for my nieces?
How do you change when you've "played it safe" your whole life?
What is the thing you find hardest to do?
What is the best thing about being a lawyer?
How many times have you done wonderful things in life?
What is the funniest cooking mistake you have made?
What did you learn from the movie 'Anand'?
What is the most awesome life experience to be learnt from Jimmy Wales?
What's the greatest lesson life taught you?
What have been your 3 most important business learnings?
What is the worst thing you hate about being a photographer?
Have you changed someones life with just a advice?
What was the most mature thing you have ever done?
What was the most inspiring thing you experienced and how did it change you?
I'm doing bad in high school, and I know I should do better but I end up making the same mistakes over and over again. What should I do now?
You came across good people in life, they become important in your life, and after some time they just vanish from your life. What should you do?
What is the best thing an individual can attain in life?
If you could start your life all over again, what is the first thing you would do, and what is one thing you are 100% sure to never do again?
What is that one book from which you have learnt the most?
What are the most important lessons history taught you?
What are the things you could of done to change your life, but were afraid to do?
Which is the most important lesson of these two in a parent’s view?
What is the simplest, yet most useful life-hack you know?
I have very less patience, because of this I am facing failure in my life, what should I do?
What incident in life taught you that not all opportunities are to be taken?
Why is it important to live a life that is less ordinary?
I have this odd obsession with wanting to know everything about life. Am I the only person who deals with this?
To those who were poised to make it big in life but irrevocably messed it all up, what is your story?
How would you support this thesis? Viewing your younger self as a fool, not appreciating any gains you made will cause you to repeat your mistakes.
What events in your life have forever changed you as a person?
How did you screw up your relationship?
What was the one thing that you actually knew, but were completely mesmerized after realizing and understanding it?
My past is haunting me. How can I get over my past mistakes?
What are some pieces of advice you want to give people the ones you regret the most?
What is it about your life that you want to change?
What is the most surprising thing you came across when you first started blogging?
I’m fed up with love, what I should do?
What is the golden advice which you learnt in your life? Please open up .
I've made mistakes but they still haunt me! How can I fix this?
Which incident in your life you define as most joyful?
What are the lessons to learn from Oscar Awards 2017?
Is there a piece of advice that you desperately wish everyone in the world followed?
Why do people make mistakes during big occasions like the Oscars and Miss Universe?
What's the most karmatic thing to ever happen to you?
What one small mistake destroyed your life?
What are some of the best things one can do in their 20s?
I am wasting my life and I wanna change it so bad! What do I do?
How can we know where do we want to get in life?
What is the most important lesson you have learned about leadership?
Does not being selected to government college mean a failure in life?
What is the moment in your life that you think really made you the way you are?
What is the purpose of life in one sentence?
What are the things you must do before you regret it?
What's the most useless thing you still have memorized?
How can I tell people about the importance of living a life that is less ordinary?
How can few people do multiple things in their life?
What are the five most important things to do and not to do in life?
What have you learned from foreign cultures that helped you advance in life?
What have you learned from your experience about teaching foreigners?
What obstacles you've overcome and did you learn something from doing so?
What was the worst case in terms of life consequences of an over-reaction you did?
What are some of your deepest darkest secrets, that you don't regret about?
What life lessons can be followed from Steve jobs' life by a student?
What is the thing in your life that you couldn't/can never achieve?
Why do people not think before making mistakes?
What are the lessons people most often learn too late in life?
In the amidst of life, what we have to do when we realize that everything till now the life we lived by is a false thought that we have chosen?
What are things that I should do if I think that its my life and it's my choice?
What are some big lessons you learnt as Quora evolved, both from an engineering perspective and personally?
What is the stupidest thing you have done in school?
What was the greatest thing you have ever done that made you cry?
Why did God create the concept of marriage if he wants humans to love him?
If I have made mistakes, but now I know better and want to learn from them, is that selfish?
What is the one thing you wish to do but you scared to do?
I feel like I have hit rock bottom. I’v done nothing in my life and don't believe I can. How do I go on from here? I’m 23.
If you could, what would you change in this life?
What is the best thing that happened to you when you became a parent?
What is the nicest thing you have done that no one knows about?
What are the most important lessons you've learned as an entrepreneur?
People say you can change your life at any age. Edit: Tell me a time where you changed your life later in life. How did you overcome self doubt?
What are your life's moments that you cherish?
What's one of the biggest failures you've learnt from?
Have you heard the lessons of Allan Kardec about spiritism? If so, did you conform or rather reject the teachings?
What can you learn from the past?
What is that one thing you want to do for your loved ones?
What is the most important thing you've learnt from working in finance?
What's your unfair life lesson?
What event in your life gave you the most pressure?
What's the best piece of advice you can give to a young person working on their first movie?
What do you wish you didn't know now, that you didn't know then?
What are the best lessons your parents taught you?
Is it normal to constantly remember all the things I regret?
What is one thing that you want to do but something stops you doing it?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done and have never been caught after doing it?
What is the most valuable thing that an argument has ever taught you?
What skill do you regret having?
What has sports taught you the most about life?
What is the one thing that you haven't been able to do?
What can people learn from making mistakes?
If you could look into the Mirror of Erised and see your greatest desires, what would you see?
What is one piece of advice you would give a freshman in high school? Girl or boy.
What was your biggest suprise in your life?
Why are some people allowed to make mistakes and others are not?
What is the one thing that you wanted to say to someone, but you couldn't due to the circumstances?
Is cooking a life lesson? Why or why not?
What is the most insane thing you've ever done in school?
Which is the Stupidest thing you have done when you are high?
Do you believe that if you focus on one thing in life, the world will help you achieve that dream?
Is it possible for anyone to lead a happy and content life without telling any lies in the due course of their life?
What have you failed at this month and what have you learnt?
What is something you've done in your life you feel is very unique?
What is the most important lesson you learnt about how precious time is?
What is your favorite perspective to use when talking about life?
How do you know it's love vs a lesson?
Where do you learn how to not be rude as a 19yr old girl?
What is the one innocent mistake you made as a child which you still regret?
Why is life most important to you, when you’re about to die?
What is the most unlikely thing that has ever happened to you?
What are some things in life you find unnecessary?
When was your poorest moment?
What life lessons you learned during JEE preparation?
Having gone through various experiences in life thus far, what is something you would tell your younger self?
Is it injurious to be empathetic towards everyone in today’s world?
Why does it seem like most things in life are a trap?
What things must I do in life?
Now that the world is more like an open book (it is, come on), what past life choices do you regret?
What is one conversation that you would never like to have again in your life?
What are some valuable lessons you've learned about running a startup on a shoestring budget?
What will I regret not doing at 18?
How did Khuswant Singh portray his grandmother in the lesson?
What is your biggest mistake in life? Did you overcome it?
How do I deal with making a HUGE, life changing, mistake?
Which life hacks/lessons did you learn from anime/Manga?
Have we learned or developed anything from the study of chess that is valuable in unrelated disciplines?
Have the people of Bihar and Delhi now realised their mistake in not making Modi their leader?
What lessons can we learn from Paul's witness to unbelievers, using the 3 aspects of God's character revealed in the natural world according to Acts 14:8-18?
What life lessons did you learn from your encounter with the JEE?
Is it necessary to know what you want to do in life?
Have you ever been in a situation where one decision you or someone else made saved your life?
What are the best things to do in life to test this out?
What things have your friends done for you that you wish you could unsee?
What can we learn from Montesquieu?
What are you most sorry you did in your life? Given the chance, would you go back & change it, or did you learn something that made it worth it?
Why there are sudden change in life when we try to move on?
In latent learning the thing which comes out in favourable condition is the thing we never consciously learned?
What is best/worst thing happened in your life?
Is sometimes accepting mistakes good?
What's the most startling experience you've had in your life?
What realization that you made in your life do you consider as the most important?
What is one thing that you wish you knew before building Quora?
What decision did you make today that you regret most?
What is the best thing about being human?
What is the single most important thing one needs to know in your profession?
What are three non-personal events that shaped your life? How have they done so?
What are the most weird incidents that you have experienced in your life?
What is something you secretly regret?
What things about your life and character now would your childhood self be surprised about?
How can you get of from mentaly set when you lost most valuble thing of life?
How can I learn to evaluate and reject things from my todo list?
How do I break the negative loop when I don't have enough dopamine in my system to go out and exercise?
What is your biggest mistake you have made and how did you deal with it?
If you could do one thing differently as a father what would it be and why?
What do you do the moment you realize you are insignificant?
What are the biggest lessons you have learned in the corporate world as an INTJ?
What makes life worth living when you're not smart enough to do what gives you meaning in life?
Is there something you remember every day but regret doing?
What are the biggest lessons you have learned in the corporate world? / abhinav?
Is it better to learn about what mistakes not to make, or to make the mistakes and learn from them?
How did you learn from your mistakes and how difficult was it for you to move on?
What is that one (or more) product/app/problem that you wish you had or had a solution to?
What lessons do Indian viewers draw from the movie "Lion"?
If you had a chance for a 'do-over' in life, what would you do differently?
Why am I not focused one thing in life?
What is patience and how does one apply it in life?
What is one thing that you find very hard to do?
How can l became an ambani in one day?
What is the worse turn of events in a life situation?
What are the things that we need to learn from the movie 'Revolutionary Road'?
What is the single insight that most changed your life? Marshal
What lessons did you learn about scaling a company as Quora was growing?
What is one thing You regret that you have and haven't done?
What are the experiences that shaped your life, and who you are now?
What's the most shocking thing you've ever overheard?
What did you do in life when one of your major plans failed?
What if most things in life become meaningless?
Did you have "it" moment in your life when you realised that you need to change something and you actually did?
What are some valuable lessons you have learned with regards to dating and getting a girl romantically interested in you?
What were the lessons learned in getting Quora started?
Which is more important, morals or the strong need of not having regrets in life when it feels as a right thing to do?
What is the smartest thing you've ever done to get your way?
What is your most powerful tip?
What is the most difficult/heartbreaking decision you have ever made?
How did you know when your family was complete and you both were ready to stop having children? Did you regret your decision later?
What is the main lesson of Zootopia for children?
What is the one thing you wish you knew before you started Quora?
Are you an adult who was a kid runaway who didn't go back? How is your life now? Are there any regrets or was it the best decision?
Should you keep your goals a secret?
How can you learn to be happy and live life to the fullest? What is the purpose of life?
What are some of the things you wish you knew before you started law school?
What real-life skills does one learn from American football?
What was the one key failure in your life and the lesson you learnt from it?
How can we correct the kaludhai vadai from doing mistakes?
Which thing in your life do you regret the most for having been done or not done?
What were some of the biggest mistakes made by companies and political factions that put them out of business/ended and could have been avoided?
What is the stupidest thing you've done at camp?
How did your feelings change in time towards life as an adoptee?
Which games have the power to change someone's life?
What is the one only thing you wish to achieve in life?
What are the mistakes you have made in life that have made you wish to start life all over?
What is one moment in your life you thought could only happen in a movie?
What are the lessons we should learn from our life?
What do you think your greatest mistake in your life was?
What are 2 things that people always regret doing (or not doing)?
Is going on in life worth it?
There is only one thing that I wanted to ask you and that is what makes you you?
What sacrifices have you made to get where you are, and how have they shaped you?
For the good advice you've received your life, how did you end up getting it?
What would be that one thing in your life that you would opt to do when you are in your late sixties?
What has been a best loss and a worst win in your life?
What is the best life lesson you've ever learned in your life?
What's the best sales or sales management advice you've ever learned?
Which great thinkers' words have had a profound impact on the way you view the world and live your life?
Do you want to share your experience of some event of your life?
How should one's life be lived, in your opinion?
What is the most regrettable decision in your life? (Answer if you are +60)
During what activities do you really live life in the moment?
Does living life your own way make you immature? Is there a rule by which you should live your life?
What is the one idea you applied that changed your life the most?
What life lessons can you learn from the movie The Temptations?
What is the best choice you have missed in your life?
If someone was brought from 1944 to now, what 10 lessons would you teach them about today?
What is the one thing that still hurts you but you can't share it?
Is it okay to laugh at our own mistakes?
Why can't I complete anything in life?
How can I accept my mistakes?
Do you have any regrets or mistakes which you made during your drop year?
What is the most profound or enlightening thing you have learned from a Quora member?
What is the hard way you learned not to make fun of people's looks or scars?
What are some things your parents hid from you that you later learned as an adult?
What was the thing that changed your life when you were 23? What are things you wish you knew back then? What would you say to yourself?
What is one thing you wished you would've learned as a child?
What is a technology you wish you had adopted sooner?
What is something that you truly hate?
What is/are the mistakes/decisions you took that you still regret? Which are the ones that changed the course of your life in a good way?
What is the best thing a teenager could do now to be one the road to success?
If you were the bravest version of yourself, what would your life look like?
What is the most difficult thing(s) you faced on your pursuit to success?
When is the best time to peak in life?
Which one incident would you describe as the life changing, most significant event for you?
What is the best thing about you, and why?
What is the cringiest thing that ever happened to you?
Who are the people you most admire and what lessons have you learnt from them?
What was the best advice your father gave you about life?
What is the best incident that changed your life (or made you motivated) by being an observant?
What lessons can be drawn from C.E.Os that fell the hardest from their corporation ladders in 2016?
What are some lessons French commanders learned after the battle of Verdun?
Why is adolescence the most important stage in life?
What is the worst mistake you made and what did you learn from it?
What is the worst thing as a teacher you ever heard a student say?
What is the biggest mistake or regret as an EMT?
What incident made you feel that you've hit rock bottom in your life & how did you get through it?
What lessons you learned from your successful /unsuccessful attempts in UPSC Cs exam? What do you think is the right strategy to approach this exam?
What's the strangest piece of advice you've received?
What is one thing you have learned after you graduated from high school?
Reading is a big part of your life. How do capture the lessons learnt and what system do you use to record those lessons?
If you royally screwed up a bunch of office processes and people are affected- now shit pissed. How do you overcome this?
How do I get over hopelessness and regrets?
What did you learn from the past experience of your life?
What decision made you to regret every second till now?
Is it worth living past 70?
What is the hardest moment you have gone through?
How do I get past all the mistakes I made when I was an addict?
What are the hard learned lessons you learned from life?
What are the life lessons from Geeta?
What is the best thing you've learned from nature?
What's the most valuable thing you learned from IB history? I'm considering whether to take it or not.
Has a stranger ever changed your life?
Is a certain level of hypocrisy necessary in our lives in order to survive in this utterly hypocritical society?
What is the biggest presence of anything you've ever felt?
What is the single most important life lesson for James Altucher?
What is one thing that you can't do as a kid and you still can't do it now?
What is the most foolish thing you have ever done?
What life principle do you consider as the most important?
Do people sometimes apply what they have learned from Quora in their exams?
Why can't I just get over the regret that I never lived in a hostel?
Are there some things you could only learn from your parents?
If you had to create a cheatsheet of life what would be on it?
Which ugly moment changed your life?
Why is this life's indoctrination so overpowering that we tend to forget the lessons learnt in our past lives?
Do large corporations (IBM, Google, MS, Etc.) curate their failures and learn from them?
What lessons you learned from life, which motivates you to move forward in life?
How different was your life one year before?
What was the most difficult management lesson you learned?
What do you think is the most important thing in a relationship?
Is there such a thing as an unexamined life?
How has gratitude changed your life?
What is the reason of doing mistakes in life?
What is one thing you have kept consistent your entire life?
Personally 2016 was a tough year for me. Have any of you learnt any lessons in 2016 that are worth sharing?
I am 30 now, what are the best things I can do right now in my life?
What are the best decisions of life taken in one minute?
What is the best dirtiest thing you have ever done in your life?
I am 17 now, what are the best things I can do right now in my life?
I feel consumed by dark thoughts that everybody is suffering. How should I overcome it?
What financial lesson can I teach through the game I'm making?
Why is life so complicated than it seems?
What was your biggest moment of redemption in life?
If you are able to do everything in life, what would be the first 5 things that you do?
What is something delightful that recently happened to you?
What's your life lesson and how did you learn it ? What life taught you?
What is one thing about the current that in the past you would have found ridiculous?
What is importance of friendship in failure and success in professionl life?
What are some aspects or things about life that you find absolutely stunning, amazing, or weird?
What do you think your greatest mistake was?
What are the best top 5 books that completely changed your life?
What was the best piece of advice you ever got? The worst?
Who is the person in your life you've had the deepest connection with?
Which one failure incident had the most significant impact on your perspective towards life?
What's the most impactful thing you've learned from your spouse and/or relationship?
What is the most awsome thing you have ever seen?
What is the stupidest thing that your teacher has taught you?
Is it true that whatever happens happens for the best?
What has each of your romantic relationships taught you?
What person in your life was the biggest phony?
Have you ever been spectacularly wrong? And if so what did you learn from it?
What is the most disguisting thing that you observed in your university life?
What is something that is quite mainstream which you have never done?
What is the only thing one can’t achieve in his whole life?
What do you consider as the biggest mistake of your life?
What things you are learnt from westren culture?
If you could change one thing about your college, what would it be?
What is the use of living life?
What is your biggest regret in college? If you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger more naive self?
What is the one thing you love the most in life?
What is one thing you wished you had known before you joined the military?
How can I stop connecting things to my life?
What is the worst advice you ever followed?
What should I do if I don't know what to do in life?
What are some mistakes of people who failed in life to learn from?
What lesson does Isaiah 29:11-14 warn to us all, who are confident of salvation?
What's the most out of place thing you've ever seen?
What was the most awkward thing happend in your life?
If one day you could hypnotize the whole world, what will be some great stroke of geniuses (accomplishments) that you would bring to your country?
What is either the most interesting or the most useful thing you've learned in Quora?
What mistakes do people make while interacting with other people?
What's the funniest advice you have heard?
What is the one thing in life without which it doesn't make any sense to live?
What is the most insignificant things we do and never notice that changes our life (in a good way)?
What's the best thing about life in your country?
Have you ever changed your life drastically?
What are the important things which teenagers dont understand?
Why don't we do what we know we should?
What are some examples of 'shit happens!'?
What lesson are we learning when celebrating wedding?
What dangerous situation have you been exposed to on the road that you would have liked to learn back in the driving lessons?
What is the most INFP thing ever?
What is your favorite quotation that has made a difference in your life?
Which one is important in life winning or learning?
How has death changed you and your outlook on life?
Do you regret choosing your university based on its prestige?
As a teacher, what is the most shocking thing you have ever seen a student do?
What mistake, dumb or chaotic event that you've experienced, actually turned out to be good?
Did you ever meet one person in your life that changed your perception of the world for good?
What are some good life advices for someone who just turned 21?
What is the worst thing thats ever happened to you in public?
How would your life change if it was announced that there would be no Quora from tomorrow?
What are the important things I need to remember as I live on my life?
If you were to change one thing about your own life, what would it be?
What are some of the greatest Hollywood classics which can really make us awestruck and teach us a lifetime lesson at the same time?
Who do you know who has changed completely?
What method did you used to help you to make a choice between many options?
What is it that you most regret not having told/said to your mother?
What is the bravest decision you've ever made?
Which mistake taught you the best lesson?
What is the one thing that has stopped you from progressing in life?
Why do we regret our actions?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned?
Is there one moment in your own life where a decision you made resulted in an unforseeably negative butterfly effect in your own life?
If we don't take revenge, how will they learn from their mistakes?
What are the things you are learning this year?
What are the biggest regrets for CA students, something that could have been avoided or done properly?
What is one thing you would like to teach your grandchildren?
What can ants teach us about life?
How can a single decision impact someone's life?
What is your important thing in your life before you die?
Did you have an experience in your life that made you completely reevaluate it and make major changes for the better?
Did you have a strange confusing moment, only to have it resolved moments later?
Does God take you (Death) once you've learned the lessons you needed from this life?
What are the top bad things or addictions that you must or must not experience in life?
What do you wish you knew when you were an new officer in the Military?
What lessons can we learn from the life of Major Deepak Rao?
What are some of the regrets?
What are the lessons that even book can't teach you about politics and leadership specially in India?
How has a crisis changed your life for better or for worse?
Do coward people have hope in life? Can they have the opportunity of progress in how they live their lives?
Are speech lessons worth it?
Is there an instance in your life, where you force yourself to work. And the end of the day you didn't regret it?
What was the hardest thing to learn when you started driving?
What lesson should we learn from Jayalalitha - Sashikala friendship?
What is your favorite rule of thumb in life which you actually follow?
What’s the coolest thing people can learn from you?
What do historians do to help people in the present avoid repeating the mistakes of the past?
What are some good things about being pretentious?
What is your one life experience which changed your life?
What is the ONE thing you would give to the man who has absolutely nothing?
I want more knowledge. What are some good things to know at 21 years old that will help me now and later in life?
What is your strangest or most unexpected turn on in life?
People say it's ok to make mistakes and everybody makes mistakes. Should that apply to situations where it could result in injuries or even death?
What are the books/movies which will make me cry and at the same time teach life lessons?
What is your life journey so far?
What was your biggest missed opportunity in life?
What should I do when I tried everything in life already?
What is the number one thing keeping you from living a truly superpowered life?
What is your greatest life lesson?
Do you believe that people can stay faithful their whole life to only one person?
Love makes life beautiful, is it true?
How do you get over the regret of a bad execution of a good idea?
What are some of the lessons one should definitely learn at their 20s?
What do you find meaningful in your life?
Do any of you regret doing tedious 12h-a-day job in their 20s?
What are the Some habits to having the best day Ever?
Does failure in school mean failure in life?
Which athlete has had the most interesting life?
Can I once and for all stop making mistakes in life?
What has changed in your life when you stopped masturbating?
Have we learned anything from history?
What are the things that Indians normally regret they must have learnt/done before marriage?
What's the point of living if every decision I make in my life I regret?
What are the things in life universally worth living for?
If you could have a third eye anywhere on your body, where would you place it?
Is it true that a man who loves literature and poems is less manly than a man who loves sports?
What's that one thing that you recently stopped doing and why?
What are some life changing experiences I can proactively partake in?
What are valuable lessons you learn working as a personal trainer?
Experiences that have taught you a lesson?
How do you become a mature man?
What life lesson can I learn from concepts, principles or anything else in IT?
Has Awdhesh Singh ever failed? Or is he all success throughout his life?
If you were offered $10 by someone to teach them something worth the money in one hour, what would you teach?
When have you really wished you hadn't done something?
What is the most regretful thing after retirement?
What have been some of the worst/most toxic lessons or behaviors you have learned or internalized from platonic friendships?
What does history teach us about the incompatibility of peoples ?
What would be the hardest thing to give up on?
What is one thing you always have on you?
Is it true that every person who comes into your life is there to teach you a lesson?
What are two quotes that have changed your life?
What is you should have done but didn't?
What change have you made that tremendously improved your life?
How do I turn my life around academically?
What lesson did you learn early in life that helped you succeed later?
Which A.I would you prefer, one taught by Quora or one taught by Wikipedia?
Is timing the most important thing in the success of a startup?
What is that one step that you had taken that changed your life completely and your perspective on life?
If most US colleges teach singing, dancing and painting, why don't they teach cooking?
What is the most valuable thing for billionaires?
How should a manager respond when they made a mistake?
How is life treating you? Are you satisfied with your current life?
What are the most common regrets that people have once they grow old about money?
What are some things that I should implement in my life?
What are some things you wish girls knew about guys? What are some things you wish guys knew about girls?
Is respect really a very big thing in our life or it's just a part of life?
What's the best advice you have never received?
Life is fair for some people and too unfair for some other people. What is your opinion on this?
What is the mistake that you have made that you have regretted during every moment of your life?
Is time one thing you cannot buy?
What was the most valuable lesson you learned about money at a young age?
I've made a mistake to my girlfriend, how do I resolve it?
Is there anyone who understands everything in life?
Does it ever bother you when you realize that you said something inappropriate/offensive years ago, but didn't realize that then?
What's one thing you wish you'd never been taught because you had to un-learn it later on in life?
How can I overcome the sins I have committed in my life by betraying 2 girls? I regret it now.
How do you know (like personally for yourself) when you are living in the present moment?
What do you wish you had tried when you were between the age of 18 and 25?
What is the toughest time in your life?
What are some best and important moments in life?
What is the most meaningful thing you have done in your life?
What is the best two word advice in life?
Are there any mistakes you made in life, that changed your outlook and direction, completely?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done as a teenager?
What is it that made you think twice today?
What is something weird, disgusting thing or even cool thing that happened to you that you can't believe happened to you?
What's the nicest thing you've seen a kid do?
What should I do when I am just frustrated with the same things that happen again and again in my life?
How can I make sure my staff do not lie to escape from their mistakes?
What is the worst thing about Devos?
What lessons can one learn from love?
Do you ever follow any advice you have been given?
What are some of your past/current mental barriers to achieving self-love, mindfulness or resilience?
What are the biggest career mistakes to avoid?
What has dabbling in so many different careers taught you about life?
What are some articles that changed your life completely?
I use to lost my inspiration of studying a lesson. but for this I get too late to prepare a lesson. What should I do?
What are the things we want to do in our earlier life if we want to be a good position in our future?
What event in your life made you believe in fate?
When you want something desperately and you have probably tried everything you know. Should you keep on trying for it or leave it up to destiny?
Can anyone share their inspirational struggles from JEE preparation and how to crack it with a good rank?
What is that one thing which you have done in your recent days and are now regret of?
What is one thing you wish the members of the opposing political party would understand about you?
How many life hacks did you learn today?
Have you ever been in a situation where you needed to adjust to changes that were outside your influence or control?
Why don't I want to do anything in life?
What are the things that one should never miss in his/her twenties?
What is a single, one little thing that you can do daily to improve your life significantly in the long term?
Which are the worst things that people's facing in our life due to lack of availability?
Can you learn from others’ experiences?
What was the most substantial thing you ever did in high school?
Looking back on your lives, what's your age that you had more regrets?
How are politicians affected by mistakes they made in the past?
What are the reasons you are not successful in Life?
What was the most satisfying realization that eventually changed you as a person?
How do I handle life changing situations?
What are some habits that need to be inculcated by one in order to make our life better?
What is the most Pakistani thing ever?
Should I go for what I really want to do or should I change my path?
How do one live happily despite having sorrows of life?
What is the most nightmarish diarrhea event you you have ever experienced or witnessed ?
What's the craziest thing you did in school and never got caught?
What can be considered as a biggest loss in life?
What are the most important things that everyone else can learn from Wiccans?
Which decision changed your life completely?
What is the greatest quote that you ever heard and it changed your life?
What are some of the best abnormal experiences of life?
Is life worth living if you are not enjoying it?
What are the things that successful people never do again?
How did you change your life completely after failure and heartache?
What is one thing that a man should do before death?
What is the worst thing that has happened in an exam that you experienced?
What is something you've unintentionally done that changed someone's life, or vise versa?
Do you think money is the biggest mistake known to man?
If you could "cure" one thing and one thing only, what would that be and why?
If you are to be dead an hour later what would you wish the world to knew about you ?
Is life all about earning money?
Is faith caught or taught?
What lesson can we learn from heartbreaks?
What lessons did you learn about scaling a company as Dropbox was growing?
What are the three key lessons you would like to share from early days of Dropbox?
Where was the biggest ship ever made?
How do I learn to completely shut off from everyone?
What's the most meaningful thing someone has done for you?
What was the most valuable thing you had to give you to reconcile a relationship?
What is the best thing about being alive?
What mistakes do young founders often make that more experienced ones don't?
What was one of the biggest mistakes you've made while travelling?
What's the one thing you regretted that you couldn't say to someone you loved?
How do I avoid negative people?
What are tips for introverts for their careers?
Have you ever joined a new group and realized afterwards that you’ve exposed yourself too quickly? What did you do?
What's the most important thing would a 20 years later version of you tell you?
What are some ways I can learn to accept failure?
What lessons can one learn from life?
Which thing hurt you in life?
What is something in your daily life that you wish you could do it practically on your smartphone?
What are some vital life lessons/truths that people learn the hard way or too late?
Why do you think your life is awesome?
What is the sexiest thing ever happened in your life?
What was the most important life lesson you learned from your early childhood and the people you grew up with?
What is life teaching you at this moment?
What according to you is the biggest mistake of Modi as PM?
What goes through your mind when someone insults you?
What would you do differently if you could start your life over again?
Is generaly the know-how the most valuable thing there is?
Have you ever overcome a regret? If so, what happened, and why did your mindset change?
What is the neurological reason why people do not learn from punishment as they do from reward?
What are some life lessons that can be taken from the Wheel of Time series?
What are the most positive things you learnt as a result of having lived with cancer?
How has life changed after suffering from COPD?
What is a seemingly small piece of advice that could change a person's life?
If you would undo one thing in time what would that thing be?
Does being offended by questions teach us anything about ourselves?
I am about to turn 25 soon. What are the things that I should have learnt by now?
What experience made you evaluate your life and change it for the better?
How can I apply what I learn into practical life and break my self-limiting behaviors?
What is the most important thing to enjoy life?
How do you apply the lessons you've learned in the business world to your experience as a father?
Looking back at your life, what makes you regret not having your own children?
What are the most valuable things in your life?
What do we mean when we say "Live in the moment"?
What is the sweet mistake you have done?
Do you regret some of the things you've done publicly?
What is something you dont regret buying?
What has raising six kids taught you about fatherhood and life?
How do you explain regret?
What are the things you wish to achieve before dying?
Wat could possibly be the biggest form of regret?
What has having bipolar taught you about life?
What is the one thing kids need?
What joke have you made that now you regret the most?
What is the best advice you could give someone in their 20's if you knew the advice would greatly impact their life?
What is one thing you wish parents would stop doing?
What are the habits/etiquettes should have in 18 years youngster?
What are the 5 most important things for a young woman (early 20s) to carry through life (NB: Not necessarily about relationships)?
How can I deal with regret of past mistakes and start giving out my best at present?
What is one skill you learned that you will never forget, no matter whether you practice or not?
What has been the worst mistake you have made as a Civil engineer?
Have you ever regretted your career decision?
What skills do you wish you could have to make life easier?
Why is Quora unnecessarily changing things that are completely fine?
What things happen when you finally decide to live your Dreams?
What do you think is the most surprising thing about life?
What is the craziest experience in your life?
If everyone is teaching the same lesson in business, then, what determines your success?
What is the biggest glitch in your life?
What sounds better for a tattoo? "Never a failure, always a lesson" or " I never fail. I either win or learn"?
What's your biggest challenge to creating the life you wish you had?
What is the deepest thing you've ever come to realize in your life?
What are the top parenting mistakes ever done by you?
In your opinion, what is the best thing about being female? Why?
What has been the thing that has made the biggest impact in your life?
What motivates people to do just the basic things in life?
Can you share your thoughts on "There's no answer to it. We cannot undo things. The only thing we can do is move on"?
If you were given freedom from of all responsibilities in your life, what is the one thing that you would do with your whole heart?
What are some best life advices for a grown up woman?
At what age did you have a turning point in your life?
What are the best life lessons you've learned from being an entrepreneur?
What have been the biggest lessons you learnt from having a disorder?
What are the things in life that you've learned from a stranger?
What are some things in life from which I should not have high hopes?
I love my boyfriend but his family is not so educated or open-minded. Should I marry him still? Heard/seen those horror inlaws stories. Scared of that
What are two things you do not want to change about you?
What is the most surprising thing that ever happened to you as an adult?
If you could change the name of one thing, what would you do?
Do you ever regret not being more violent growing up?
What's the best thing you've taught your pet?
How would you determine if you have lived a valuable/succesful life? Is there any “universal standard” to determine this?
What is the most rebellious thing you have done?
What is that one thing that you would like to change about your current life?
What one piece of advice would you give to a groom who is searching for a bride?
I saw this ad recently, WANTED! Families that live life to the fullest. Got me thinking, what is your definition of living life to the fullest?
What advice was given to you that changed you?
What abnormal things have you done in your life to make yourself entertaining?
How can I live life to the fullest as a teenager?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever seen?
What is an event that changed your life?
What is the most fucked up idea you have had in your life?
What is a 'necessary evil'?
What has being married taught you about life?
When is it permissible to be upset with someone for making mistakes?
What are the things that cannot be imitated?
What is the best thing you ever did in your life which brought you personal satisfaction?
What is one phrase that changed your life forever?
How has life changed after suffering from COPD?
You're having a conversation with a 16-year-old, and you share with him the most valuable lesson you've learned. What would it be?
What happens when a commentator screws up reading an advertisement?
What experience made you evaluate your life and change it for the better?
How can I teach someone a lesson who is selling unproductive things and cheated many including me?
What lesson do we learn from Ophelia and Marie St Clare in Uncle Tom's Cabin?
Is the most important lesson I've learned on Quora is that there are people both smarter and nicer than me?
What is the biggest mistake you have made in your 30s?
I have never met something unforgettable in my life that change me. How can I gain the experience?
What's the best quickest decision you have ever made?
Did Tripolette fail? What were the challenges and lessons learnt?
At what age did you have a turning point in your life?
What does it mean to be in a healthy relationship?
What are some facts that can change the perspective on life?
How do you cheer up someone who is upset?
Which are some of the business lessons that can be learned about Indonesia and other emerging markets?
What are the things that successful people don't say?
What lessons can be learned from Otto Von Bismarck's life?
What is one thing that you hate about yourself?
What is the second smartest thing you have ever learnt in your life?
Was there ever a specific moment when you realized that you were growing up?
What is the solution, if your college life is a failure?
What age did you encounter the major turning point in your life or career?
Have you ever overcome a regret? If so, what happened, and why did your mindset change?
How can I be active and have enthusiasm of life and work?
As a mom, does anyone come to you stating they don't know how you do it?
What can we learn from nadeal?
How can I apply what I learn into practical life and break my self-limiting behaviors?
What is your most memorable life lesson?
What is the best way to deal with regrets regarding things that can no longer be changed?
Was your degree worth getting?
What lessons can be learnt from corporate life?
What single incident changed the entire course of your life?
What is the biggest glitch in your life?
What's your biggest challenge to creating the life you wish you had?
What is some common advice you wish you hadn't taken?
What's that one thing similar in every killer?
Where do you think is the best place to live and enjoy life to the fullest?
If one piece of advice you like to give your younger one what it would be?
How will I be able to change my life?
What's that one "distinct instinct" you regret not following?
If you were to die soon, what would be the thing you valued the most in your life?
I don't get how travelling alone can bring any changes in one's life. Is not just a fancy thing we picked from movies?
What is the most rebellious thing you have done?
How do I prioritize what I want to accomplish in life?
What aspects of your way of life would you most want to keep and why?
Why is misophonia ruining my life?
How would you determine if you have lived a valuable/succesful life? Is there any “universal standard” to determine this?
Which is one English mistake you've made that made you want to dig your own grave and bury yourself?
What can be done to stop student suicides?
What's the one thing you regret, fear or wish you could do over in life?
How can I handle my failures, my regrets and my disappointments ?
What sounds better for a tattoo? "Never a failure, always a lesson" or " I never fail. I either win or learn"?
How do I tackle this phase of my life?
What are the hardest things to accept?
How do I stop taking life so seriously?
What are things on which IITians regret in their life?
I love my boyfriend but his family is not so educated or open-minded. Should I marry him still? Heard/seen those horror inlaws stories. Scared of that
If you could change the name of one thing, what would you do?
What is the one thing you want to be remembered for?
As a driving instructor/teacher, has there been a moment you have legitimately feared for your life during a lesson?
How do I stop envying successful people?
What are the problems have you faced when you did something in excess?
What's the most useful advice you have received in your career?
How do I plan lessons for essay writing?
Older people on Quora. What are skills that you wish you would have developed earlier in life?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever been told?
What piece of advice would you give to today's youth?
What is the best thing you’ve learned after coming to the US?
I am about to turn 25 soon. What are the things that I should have learnt by now?
Do we have to adjust in life?
If you would undo one thing in time what would that thing be?
What are the lessons that should be unlearnt?
Why did you marriage fail? What went wrong?
What are the most valuable things in your life?
What advice would you give to the younger generation?
What is the most important life lesson you learned from the most unexpected person?
What are the mistakes you make when making a school?
What is going to be the most regretted thing for an Indian?
What do you do (before you decide) when you are facing with a life changing decision?
What are the 5 most important things for a young woman (early 20s) to carry through life (NB: Not necessarily about relationships)?
What is your biggest mistake throughout your life and you still cry for that?
How can I learn from my mistakes in Chess?
If you were given freedom from of all responsibilities in your life, what is the one thing that you would do with your whole heart?
What was an unexpected motivation for a big change in your life?
How have you applied the lessons you learned in the military to being an entrepreneur?
What are the things in life that you've learned from a stranger?
What is the biggest regret you have as a teacher?
What has your teaching career taught you about life and the human experience?
Why is it that you can’t be happy all of the time?
What are two things you do not want to change about you?
What's the best thing you've taught your pet?
I am neither an extrovert nor an introvert, what am I exactly?
Has anyone ever regretted not working harder?
What is the best thing to do today?
What lessons can be drawn from the ‘Tata- Cyrus Mistry’ fallout?
What is the one thing that happened in your life that you can never forget?
What are the most important lessons aspiring founders can learn from Kalanick and Chesky?
What is the most important thing that you have learnt in love?
What's the most important lesson you learned about time management?
Is there any confession you made that changed your life?
Those who rode the cycle of mediocrity, self-loathing, and depression: How did you turn out later in life?
What lessons from philosophy can be applied to everyday life?
What's a moment in your life you realized how important your education was and how grateful you were that you were able to have it?
What accident changed your life for the better?
What is the most influential thing that has ever happened to you?
What has been the best moment of your life?
What are some big mistakes that many people do in their life?
How did I ruin my life?
What are some valuable lessons that everyone can learn from the military?
What do you consider as the biggest regret in your life?
Have you ever left your comfort zone? If so, do you ever regret that decision?
What lessons can be learned from Animal Farm that can help us better understand the purpose of government and our role within it?
What are the 100 mistakes committed by shishupala in Mahabharat?
What is the one important thing that you learnt from your friend and implemented in your life?
Is my life a complete mistake?
What can you learn from the movie The intern?
What important lessons have your learned from videogames that applies to life as well?
Did you ruin anyone’s life purposefully? Do you regret for that?
What did you learn from the failure of love?
What should I do? (Life Advice)
What's one trivia that changed your life?
What is the first step in living life to the fullest?
What is the most tragic event in your life?
What's the psychology behind people being interested in personal lives of others?
What is it like to be famous but primarily known for one thing?
What is something you wish you had known when you first started working out?
What is the one thing you can tell your daughter to make her life better?
What are some incidents which dramatically changed your life?
What was the hardest decision you had to make and that you regretted it?
Have you ever traded in one life for a completely different one?
Did you ever have a moment in your life that seemed out of a movie?
What are some good habits you learnt from others?
Which memorable moment of your life shaped you into who you are today?
Does pressure makes mistakes?
What are the most incredible things that happened in your life?
What is the first movie you watched?
What is the biggest failure of your life?
Has anyone had a life changing experience due to DMT use and, if so, what was it?
What special life lesson have you learnt from Quora?
What are the lessons learnt since you started KhanAcademy? What will you have done differently? What did you do that helped the most?
I want to learn many things and life is to short, what should I do?
What are the life lessons one should know when turning 25 years?
What is the most unforgettable lesson learnt?
What is the most life changing thing you have learned during your life?
Why wouldn't you give your life so someone else can live?
What is the biggest thing you have learnt from an interview?
Why is it that you can’t be happy all of the time?
What are some things we most likely take for granted in life or in relationships but should not because of potential deep regrets?
How do I deal with this kind of Marriage problem? For Exampe: How to teach a husband a life lesson without leaving him (divorce)? Read comment below
What's the biggest mistake you have ever made that gave you sleepless nights?
The Dark Knight: What is the most inspiring trait of The Joker?
What do you think about person who does not learn from his mistakes and keep them repeating all his life?
How can we dedicate our lives to just one thing?
What's the biggest thing you've hidden from your parents?
What's the most valuable advice you ever got from your schoolteacher?
Sometimes I wish I had a mentor in life. I have to make my decisions myself. What should I do?
Do you regret something not doing something at the right time?
Is it true that young people make mistakes?
What is the art of enjoying life every moment?
Which new and most awesome thing you learned today?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What is the most or one of the most important thing for doing a startup?
What are some of your highest aims in life?
What makes Awdhesh Singh sir so optimistic in life despite suffering so many failures in his life?
What facts did you learn about your family do you wish that you never knew in the first place?
What has been the most polarizing figure in your life?
Do you have any advices for youngers not to get any regrets in the whole life?
How do I make stoicism a way of life?
What is one hard thing you changed for the better and how?
With only two words, what would you tell your younger self (10/20/30 years ago)?
What is the one thing you want to say out loud to the world but cannot for many reasons?
Do you still have the first thing you ever forged?
If you could rectify one mistake you made, what mistake would it be?
What is the greatest thing you've ever experienced?
What are the things you wish you knew when you were 16 years old?
Why is it important to have someone in your life who is there for you?
What is one most important life lesson you learnt recently or today or just now ?
What are the broad historical lessons human beings had to learn or still need to learn?
What is that one thing you have done, that will make you feel proud for rest of your life?
What is the biggest impact meditation has made on your life?
What has being a writer taught you about life?
How valuable is a life?
If you could teach one lesson to a complete stranger, what would it be?
Besides the learning experience and mental pushing, do you ever elevate your comments towards a contestant for fun when they do make a mistake?
What is the greatest lesson you learnt from a homeless person?
What's one thing you would ask Homer Simpson?
What has been the biggest high-school lesson that you learnt?
Do you ever insult a cook and regret it after? If yes, who? If no, why?
What was the time when you learned something important?
What is that one decision that changed your life?
What are the biggest lessons you learned in getting good with women?
What is the biggest thing about you that you wish was different?
What made you a peaceful person?
What is the biggest lesson you learnt as a professional race car driver?
Who benefits from groupthink?
What are the things that only men face throughout the life?
How can I teach my brother morals and life lessons?
What can we learn from the movie 'Raees'?
What has being a graphic designer taught you about life?
What was the biggest lesson you learnt about people when you came out and told them you are gay?
What's something you regret selling?
How do I change my boring and dull life?
Would you like to tell me your life experience from college life to professional life?
What do you wish you had known before you started your (life) coaching career and how did you figure out your niche?
What big lessons has life taught you?
What's one piece of advice you would give to a budding chef?
Do you think your lessons can be a substitute for school?
What is the biggest disappointment you've had in your life with your friend?
My 15-year old daughter sometimes cries about "not major" things, like her grades. How can I help her?
Why does a conscious decision about some important problems of person`s life, as usual, comes too late?
Is life best to chance?
Which is the incident of your life that made you feel lucky?
What was the most depressing moment of life and what did it teach you?
What do you do for your living life to the fullest?
What things do you wish you knew when you started your first blog / project online?
As a business owner, what is the most valuable business lesson you learnt?
What is the most impactful thing you ever learned from a coach?
What are the important things need to know about life?
What are the things that do not matter in student's life?
What have been the greatest life lessons you learnt from your parents?
What are some things you wish you knew before taking your cat or dog to the vet?
What golden advice did you learn in your life?
What are the few basic things on which we should stop wasting our time on now?
What is the worst thing you have done with fire?
What are the lessons which you imbibed while working on Selma? What lessons did you learn from the legacy of MLK?
What has Quora taught you most about your life and who you are as a person?
What is the stupidest and the most embarassing thing you have ever done?
How many people live a life like in the poem "The road not taken"?
Can you share a failure you've experienced in your cooking journey? What did it teach you?
What life lessons has being stuck in traffic taught you?
What would be the ten most important advices you would give to your kids for them to have a happy life?
What's the best piece of live entertainment you ever experienced?
What has being a kid taught you about life?
What is the nicest thing you've ever done in secret for someone else?
What has being a musician taught you about life?
As a black actor in a field that is dominated by the whites, what challenges did you have to face? What are the lessons that you learnt along the way?
What is the most surprising thing about yourself that someone else told you?
What was the stupidest thing you saw on TV today?
What guides you in life?
What is the one thing you wanted the most that you have never gotten?
Have you ever thought and considered the possibility of being wrong about the most important things in your life?
I regret not being able to experience the 80s. Is it wrong?
What is the most important lesson that your business has taught you about life?
Looking back on your career, what is the one thing you wish you had done differently or that you regret?
What are the greatest experience of your life?
What are life lessons that everyone should know?
What are some good life advise in Quora?
What lessons can we learn from Balika Vadhu?
What is the greatest lesson you learnt from a young kid?
How long were you lost in life?
What are some of the biggest life lessons you've learned throughout your film career?
How can some believe a small thing, but yet very important thing may cost one's life sometimes?
What is the one thing that is deterring people who can’t cook from learning how?
What's it like to watch people who treated you badly in life succeed and go from strength to strength, and how do you deal with that?
What is the one thing that Auren Hoffman is great at?
What’s the favourite day of your life that you remember?
Is there any unique life hacks you learned and discovered yourself?
What was the most significant event in your life that made you pursue your dream career?
What are the greatest life lessons that your kids have taught you?
How do you live among fake people?
What has being a young adult taught you about life?
What has been the greatest lesson that being a CEO has taught you about life?
What is the biggest life lesson you have ever learnt?
What has been the hardest year of your life?
What is the greatest life lesson you learnt from an infant child?
Is there anything you've ever done that you didn't regret at all?
What lessons have people learned from being involved with online communities moderated by users?
How has your education contributed to who you are today?
What is one moment in your career where you have seen change happen because of your effort?
What is the single big mistake that people who demanded Jallikattu made?
How do I make my life more structured?
What is the most stuppidest thing you have ever argued with a fool?
What is the greatest lesson about life you learnt from someone?
What has being homosexual taught you about life?
What did you wish you knew before finishing university?
What is one thing you’d like your parents to say to you now?
What has been the greatest life lesson learned from being a humanitarian worker?
