Which should I read first: Don quixote or Phantom of the Opera?
Does an author interacting with their fandom always make their Canon more unstable?
How is writing fiction for women different from men?
How do I become knowledgeable and interesting?
Which are some of the best fiction novels?
People say George RR Martin writes good stories but he is not a writer of literary fiction; why is this?
What role did the maiden play in The Wife Of Bath Tale's?
What are the most most common, fundamental, and frequently used literary plot inconsistencies and improbable facts that we accept?
Have modern authors' writing styles been affected by having "watched" so many stories on TV/Film while growing up rather than reading such stories?
What are some lighthearted books?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
What are the most relevant gender differences for writers?
Apart from Animal Farm, do you know any novels where roles are reversed and animals take over the planet, exploiting humans in their turn?
Which are best fiction books from Chile?
What does it mean that a character has become a caricature of itself?
Why is Henry Fielding sometimes considered the father of the English novel?
Where can I find online an article about Alfred Bester? Vanishing Stars: A Retrospective Look at The Stars My Destination by Haupt, Arthur Quantum No.42 1992.
Who is the smartest family in Game of Thrones?
What is Marisha?
Who are some lesser known but important literary novel, short story and comic book writers of the 20th Century?
What's the best book outside of Anglo-American fiction?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
Can Chinese or Indian create similar success storybook of Harry Porter in their own unique characteristic based on their own rich culture, tradition?
In the book Crazy Rich Asians by Kevin Kwan, why does it seem that the characters think about Mainland Chinese in a certain way?
What villain had the best and most sensible reason to conquer and rule the world?
What's your favorite thing to think about?
Are literary contests a scam?
What are some of the best classical literary Works that I am supposed to read before I am 20?
What are some good novels focused on spiders?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
What are some of the best fiction books about WW2?
What is the difference between literary and literally?
What are some science fiction ideas get from ancient books?
Is the portrayal of corruption at all levels in the Millennium book trilogy accurate?
Is the new Bone series good?
Which literary works are the best examples of hysterical realism?
Why spend effort interpreting a literary work rather than read clear, logical prose explaining the ideas it is meant to convey?
What are the deeper messages in "The Fall" by Albert Camus?
What are some good techniques or guidelines for writing dark fiction?
Whose fiction has been translated into the most languages?
What is the single best insight did you get from a book?
Voltaire bashes on writers unable to write real women because they write their fantasies without experience. What are some Classics with real women?
What writing prompts would you like to offer for aspiring writers of fictional short stories?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
What is the meaning of "modern realistic fiction"?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
Can you provide a list of links to Omegaverse stories?
What are some books that would make good movies or tv series?
What word/synonym best represents the sentiment of a "Catch 22" or the phrase “caught between a rock and a hard place”?
Who are some of the leading as well as less known post-colonial Indian literary fiction writers (in various Indian languages as well as English)?
Why is Jack London an important writer?
Do you think reading can be dangerous? In the sense that it makes you disconnected from the outer world?
Can anybody suggest me some good romantic novels in English?
Which literary writers were outliners?
How can I get better at self-editing my fiction?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous author?
Which work of literature best features all the different kinds of people one comes across in life?
Andy Weir: Will the discovery of gravitational waves contribute in the evoloution of the new era of science fiction?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
How can I use the Colonial Discourse in Heart of Darkness?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
What makes for a great literary hook, e.g., an opening to a book that draws the reader in?
Are the so called 'serious' literary fictions intellectually void?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
What are some novels where the protagonist has no memory of his life before?
How seriously should we take true crime as a literary genre?
How much does a book writer earn in India?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
Can sharks make noises?
What literary works relate to Bible very closely?
What are the most interesting depictions of Asgard or Valhalla in modern fiction?
What is the average lifespan of a fictional work?
What are some hero character that frequently use poison as a method?
How is the Jewish mythological figure of Lilith depicted in literature?
Why does the little prince (sort of) kills himself at the end?
Who do you think was the most powerful muse in literary history?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
When did the term "speculative fiction" started being used? And is it broader than "science fiction" (albeit less commonly used)?
What are some phenomenal fictional works?
In "Cathedral" by Raymond Carver, How does the point of view contribute to the effectiveness of the story?
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
How would you feel if the things that are no longer canon got pulled and you could no longer get them?
Has the telepathic, psychokenetic Krell machine from forbidden planet ever appeared in other fiction?
What are best short literary pieces written?
Who is the best doctor in fiction?
What are the steps of a literary appriciation?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
What is an example of atmosphere in literary terms?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
What are some examples of fiction books?
Is there a good book on criminal fiction analysis?
Is there a famous character real or fiction who is always in pyjamas?
What is a good example of a literary analysis summary?
Why and how do so many of Stephen King's novels get converted into movies?
What are some good fiction books about India?
How is a (long) story developed?
Who do you feel would be the best additional POV character in ASOIAF?
What are the best fan theories you ever heard?
What is the best literary festival in the UK?
What are the best literary criticisms?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
Which words were made famous, or originated in, literary pieces (especially famous ones)?
Is it good or bad for a fiction writer to use a thesaurus when he is writing his fiction? Why?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
What are the literary conventions of horror novels?
Are there any sci-fi novels with the elements of Mass Effect?
What are some well known examples of literary motif?
Why do we accept things in a story but not on Quora? I see a lot of questions posted on Quora asking for "the craziest thing that ever happened"
Is it proper to include real pictures of places and natural setting in a work of fiction, say a novel?
Should I read the Gormenghast trilogy?
How can you instill a feeling of doom in a work of fiction?
Are there any iconic works of literary criticism in the last thirty years?
Who are the best non fiction literary agents?
How is it possible that fictional worlds such as LOTR span thousands of years of history but never exceed the technological level of the Middle Ages?
What is the best literary hook?
Would "Nine princes in Amber" become as recognized and famous if it were published today?
What is your favorite Greek myth?
What is macabre fiction? What are some examples?
Which is the best book written by Dan Brown and why?
Does visual fan art exist of "serious" literary fiction books?
Does classic literature still appeal to youngsters these days?
Which translations of different classics should be read?
Can a novel become "required reading" at the high school or college level if one character uses salty language?
Is there a recent novel that talks about relationships from an Indian guy's perspective?
Would this story make a good movie?
What kind of reality we should criticize from fiction movies, especially sci-fi movies, since they are basically just fiction?
What literary works figure redemption prominently?
Could any body name me any fictional characters in fantasy novels/games/movies who display sociopathic characteristics?
How can I speak to ghosts?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
What literary work you have laughed at in your youth and many years later, as an adult, with the same joy?
Does The Book Thief have a theme of identity?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of the afterlife?
Who are the most psychologically strong fictional characters?
Would I get sued for basing a fiction story on the work of a dead person?
Would anyone be interested in joining a writing club (online)?
What is realistic fiction? What are some known realistic fiction writers?
What is the children book name that had child like daddy picture with glasses on the cover page?
What are the best-written and/or most literary science-fiction/fantasy novels?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
I created a character and a bunch of people made a fake Wikipedia article stating he killed children. Does this make him being a villain canon?
Was Magneto the first fictional character to have control over magnetism?
Will authors of comics like “xkcd”, “Cyanide and Happiness” ever be considered for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
What are some literary magazines in mystery/suspense genre?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
What is fiction?
What is literary interpretation?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
What do you think of "The Road"?
What are some calming and funny teen-novels?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What's your feeling about W.S. Maugham’s book, “The Moon and Sixpence” ?
Do US authors enjoy automatic copyright protection in other nations? To what extent, does the allegation is true- they violate your copyright?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
Why do so many stories have happy endings when that doesn't match real life? Does it meet some psychological need?
Is the phrase "X takes on a life of itself" a cliché in fiction writing?
How did Judaism influence and shape theme and style in the works of Franz Kafka?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
What is your process for naming your characters?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
How do I refer to aliens in a space opera novel?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
Who as per you is the most beautiful living writer?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
What do you think of this romantic short-film,"The Letter"?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
Was Donald Trump the kind of youth who would bully Holden Caufield?
Is Pushkin's "Eugene Onegin" an ironical writing; a parody of other texts, literary styles, and character cliches?
Where can I legally read Eragon online for free?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
What else does it take for a fiction author to "make it big" besides a good story?
Is the Bible subjective?
If you could pull three fictional characters out of any book, who would it be and why?
Who is your favourite character from the Gormenghast novels?
What techniques have Quorans used to write works of fiction longer than 100 pages?
I consider Lolita (Nabokov) and Hitchhiker series (Adams) to be the very best of literary fiction. What books do you think I'd find great?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Which Agatha Christie book should I start with if I have never read any of her books before?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
What are the characteristics of the Western literary canon?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
Kickstarter: What are the best way to engage potential backers to fund a project?
Do I need permission to use the name of a real town for my fictional one based on it?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What is the analysis of Monica Wood's story "Disappearing"?
How can I write flash fiction?
What is the difference between literature and literary study?
What is Durmstrang in Harry Potter?
What are your reasons for loving or admiring William Faulkner?
What is your favourite literary quote?
What are some of the fictional works of the past which came true many years later?
In which literary age does Charles Lamb belongs?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Can I think of a better way to live?
Who is Brad Gooch?
Can anyone give me some PDFs of some wonderful books?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
For those who read more than 50 books a year: How do you find and choose good books to read?
Can vampires control dreams?
Why has Hindi literature been abstemious in its exploration of themes?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
Have you ever read interactive fiction that challenged you to think hard in order to “beat the game”, and was intellectually/emotionally rewarding?
What type of literature is used in Japanese anime?
I have fifteen minutes to read any Harry Potter passage to a group of adults, none of whom have ever read the books. What passage do I read?
Where can I download this novel “" The Almond: The Sexual Awakening of a Muslim Woman”?
I have written a draft for a Novella, can you provide your review for it?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Postcolonialism: Have you guys ever read the playscript of "Dutchman" by Amiri Baraka/LeRoi Jones? Does it have particular aspect of stereotyping and social racism?
What are the qualities of a tragic hero?
How can I coin an English term/word which is self expressive in its own sense?
What is the use of literature?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
I like haunting, melancholy literary novels with strong ethereal elements. What books fit this description?
Why is J.K. Rowling considered a genius?
Andy Weir: Does Science Fiction have to be about superheroes or apocalyptic scenarios? Why not the life of a normal scientist like legal fiction?
Can I use the name of my nonprofit to publish my personal literary works?
How has feminism affected literature and the interpretation of literary works of old?
Who is more famous in the history of English literacy, Daniel Defoe or Jonathan Swift?
How do people find literature in adult fiction?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
Which books had George R. R. Martin possibly read before he started to write A Song of Ice and Fire?
Can a novel be written in a way that would specifically encourage multiple enjoyable rereadings?
What is the criteria for entry into a literary canon?
How do you distinguish between facts and fiction?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
How do I make reading my hobby?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
Are there any Tolkien fan fiction works of high literary quality?
Why would anyone learn a fictional language?
What are some some good literary fiction based on current geo political realities?
Fellow bookworms: what do you make of William T. Vollmann's *Seven Dreams* series (so far)?
Is it seen as rude for a white person to write a fictional story on slavery?
How do I write a literary review of the novel "Ice Candy Man"?
Is Mahavarata a true history or it is a fiction?
What does this passage from Ghostwritten, by David Mitchell mean?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
If I write about false experiences in my life is it fiction or non fiction?
What are some of the greatest literary works in regional Indian languages?
Which power factor is preferred leading or lagging?
Which book, though not interesting in the beginning had the most amazing ending?
If you could be any fictional character who is the same gender as you who would it be?
What are some of the features that make Pygmalion an important literary work?
Who are the best contemporary American erotic writers?
What are some tips to answer questions from fiction?
What are the most annoying character cliches you know?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
What is a literary review?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
Can fiction exist in some sort of another type of ''All-Verse"?
How many people read literary fiction online?
Are there any good pirate-novels?
What is programming like for non-english speakers?
What are the pros and cons of listening to fiction compared to non fiction via audiobook?
Is there a localized version of the Qur'an?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
What work of fiction depicts the supernatural creation of the universe akin to how Anne Rice handled it in Memnoch the Devil?
Have any of you read "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami? If so, what are your thoughts on the book?
What do storms usually symbolize in literary fiction?
What is meant by "slash fiction"?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
What are your favorite works of fiction?
Is there dramatic value to telling the fiction reader up front (in the narrative) that the protagonist is going to be doomed by the end of the novel?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Did Dante rip off the Divine Comedy from an ancient Islamic book?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
What are the differences among a story, a fable and an anecdote?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
Why do we read realistic fiction? How does it affect our behavior?
What is the definition of "fiction"?
How do you read?
Is there any difference in naming a novel "Island of …" or "The Island of …"?
Who is the main character of Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow?
Which are some of the best books falling into the genre of historical fiction?
What are some ideas for names of a fictional artificial intelligence company or robot?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
Are there any niche book publishing company in Singapore?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
Do you know some literary synonyms for “sad”?
How important is a creation myth to a series of high fantasy novels?
Is '1984' a science fiction or a political fiction masquerading as a science fiction?
What are some underused fiction ideas?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
Who are the best literary writers today?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
Religio-Philosophically, what did Percy Bysshe Shelley have to say about Truth? And why do you suppose he said it?
Why is the publishing industry declining by so much?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
What are the best reference works on English literature?
Are there any plans to make Quora Content Review more specific when it tells you your questions need improvement?
What is the weirdest book you have read and why?
What does "general fiction" mean?
What is the name of the book for children/adolescents about a young girl who is "uglier" than the other girls in her family and likes the zoo?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What are the literary elements in Psalm and Proverbs?
How fiction and non fiction help the reader respectively?
Which female fiction character was a good role model?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
What are the benefits of using common names with unusual spellings when naming your characters?
When will Littlefinger die?
What are the less heard of literary genres?
Who was the last nobody to have fiction published in the New Yorker?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
Does Vince Gilligan deserve a literature Nobel prize for Breaking Bad?
Which book does the epigraph of James Ellroy's "L.A. Confidential" come from?
Was Snow White Mexican?
What do most writers think about J. D. Salinger?
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
What fiction realistically portrays future war?
How do I assure family of success in my life despite poor CBSE XII score? I know I can't match their expect/ns, and the results may well shock them.
What is the principal difference between literary fiction and genre fiction?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
What is the most interesting symbol in literature?
Why do Western literary works focus on the emotional collapse of female characters?
Art of Writing: If you have never ever written anything before, what knowledge do you need to not make rookie mistakes?
How important is originality in literature?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
Fiction: How do I shut off my filter?
Why does fiction matter?
What works of contemporary fiction have deep psychological undertones?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
What are some of the best flash fiction?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
Would a lethal poison as cyanide lose some effectiveness because it was brewed several years ago?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What are the best time travel stories ever made?
What are two important literary sources of Mauryan History?
Do you know of an example of literary fan fiction which is as good as or even better than the original author’s work?
What are the best novels related to metallurgy?
Is The Butterfly of the Stars translated into english?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
What are your thoughts on incorporating religion into fiction?
Who is the best literary agent for lesbian short fiction in the USA/EU?
Why does amazon have an option to offer ebook a for free?
What are some good hindi philosophical novels?
What are some good examples of contemporary and XX century German short stories?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
What gives a more accurate account of the past, literary or archaeological sources?
Who is the best character created by Shakespeare?
If I write a book claiming that I am the messenger from God, would it be capable of creating a new religion after 1400 years?
Is it OK for me to take a job because I anticipate it'll give me ideas for writing fiction?
What are your favorite crime fiction novels?
What is the difference between a familiar and a pet?
Who are Cassian Hall and the TCT Literary Agency?
How can I make the right choice with respect to my job? Be a business Analyst or follow my passion to be writer?
Is readership of literary fiction declining? If so, why?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
Is reading literature a good way to learn about different cultures?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
What are fictional characters?
How do I write about a Shaman in the 6th Century in England?
Are there any important fiction writers working today?
In "A Song of Ice and Fire" how important are the direwolf pups?
What are some disturbing examples of "romances" in literature and movies?
What would a hypothetical measurement of Victor Doom I.Q?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
What are some good sci-fi novels like The Martian or Red Rising?
How can we become the legend of literature?
What are some iconic lines from books?
What fan theories you think should have been adapted into their original works?
What is the plot synopsis of The Song of Achilles by Madeline Miller?
Which are your favorite short stories or collection of short stories by Indian authors?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What are literary approaches?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
Who are the high-end literary types on Quora?
Who was the oldest character who ever lived?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
What could be an 8th deadly sin?
Why do people from India read foreign literature?
Which is the most inspirational Hindi poem written by you on Warriors?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
How do you spot literary theories?
What fiction books should I read?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
What killed serialized fiction?
How important is naming in fiction?
Why do musicians who like classical music seem like snobs?
Which literary character would you date (both heroes and villians)?
Why do you think Bram Stoker wrote Dracula as an epistolary novel?
What is the function of a hero in literary fiction?
Which are best indian fiction books?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
What if Jackie Kennedy had been shot?
Religio-Philosophically, what did Khalil Gibran, have to say about Truth? And why do you suppose he said it?
Have you read Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry? What did you think of it?
Why is Jose Arcadio Buendia your favourite literary character?
What is the connection between supernatural creatures as characters in literature and the morality value in the real life?
Matt Gallagher: How can fiction usefully address the civilian-military divide?
Could Werther have overcome his issues through self-discipline?
What is a literary aspect? How is it used?
What are some modern and contemporary fiction written in beautiful poetic prose and speaks directly to the reader's soul?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
What are some examples of "fiction"?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
What is the most awesome name for a character in a work of fiction?
Did someone ever write a universal history story? I've been looking only to find chronologies. I want a story. Thanks.
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
Who is the most well written literary protagonist in your opinion?
What did Wodehouse actually mean by writing this about Jeeves: “The man’s a genius. From the collar upward he stands alone.”? What's with the collar?
Where can I get all Tamil literary works in Online?
Which are some of the best feminist literary fiction works from Latin America (similar to Isabel Allende's works)?
What is the best most mindblowing short story that you can write in under 20 minutes?
What are some books that were well-written and popular for awhile but are now largely forgotten?
Is Atticus Finch a good parent?
Similar weapons to lightsabers, wands, swords, and knives? 
What are some works of fiction that present novel philosophy?
Where do you think David Foster Wallace's best writing is? I think it may well be in Oblivion and The Pale King; I wonder what others think and why.
What are the most unheard of English literary techniques?
What is the value of fiction?
What should I do to become a famous literary critic like Derrida or Foucault?
What is a foil character in literary fiction?
What are some examples of books in which there is a villain protagonist and the story is told from first person perspective?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
Andy Weir: What particularly about science fiction appeals to you?
Are the Mohammed Mrabet recordings made by Paul Bowles available anywhere digitally?
What are some must read from Japanese literature?
Is there any fiction that should be forbidden?
How does "The Juvie Three" end?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
I’m trying to remember a book where a character's version of heaven is reliving the same perfect day (without fully realizing that she's reliving it)?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What can be another great story which might have taken place in middle earth?
Which literary works do you like?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
How do I mindmap a literary work?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
Should the notion of a literary and philosophical canon of “great works” be forsaken?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
What influence has contemporary and modern Nordic literature had in Europe?
How do I find good books to read?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
How would the novel "Trump Card: Mother of All Espionage" starts?
What are some movie phrases/quotes which have become a part of our daily usage?
What is literary genre?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
Can literary works be interpreted differently?
Which literary characters are the best models of social skill?
What are the great American novels of the 80's, 90's and 00's?
What are short stories?
How would you personally describe "internal monologue" in storytelling and writing? If possible, list some examples that have inspired you.
What are your recommendations for suburban mystery novels?
How do we notice our thoughts?
What are the next big social issues for popular literary fiction to cover?
What literary works critique postmodernism?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
Why most fiction works are published as series?
What are the best examples of short (10 000 words max.) fiction in English?
Which novels mislead readers the best?
What are some great southern gothic novels?
Someone spoiled "And then there were none " by Agatha Christie for me. I really wanted to read the book, but now I'm not sure. What should I do?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What are some of the best short stories by Theodore Sturgeon?
What's the maximum number of pages you should consider for every action scenario in a novel?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
What literary works are essential and taught in primary school?
Will Sci-Fi be considered Realistic Fiction once we have the technology, in the future?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
What is the most unusual plot in a literary novel?
Which fictional character are you most like?
Does fiction ever have a political impact?
In literature, what is interpretive fiction?
What are some recommendations on books with a female protagonist that do not center around finding or keeping a man?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What is the difference between fiction and fact?
How can "writing your novel in a month" be made to work for literary fiction?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
What are literature and fiction?
Could you recommend any books about marriage?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
Which was the saddest death in the Harry Potter books?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
In what ways is Hamlet a monster?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
What are some good websites for online fiction?
Which literary giants were discovery writers?
Have authors had problems by including real life conversations in their fiction, despite the "everything is fictional" statement?
How do I find any translation of Mo Yan's short stories?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
What is your review of Monkey King's 500 Year Sentence in "Journey to the West"?
What is the in-between role of Gail Hightower in Light in August? What purpose does it serve in the growth of the novel?
Does the name Haven Brielle Lenoue sound okay?
Andy Weir: What should a good science fiction story must have?
What are the best guides for figuring out disguised symbolism in literary fiction?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
What are the major themes of "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown? How are those themes portrayed in the novel?
Can anybody please tell me some good novels?
Can you suggest me some novels that provides the non fictional information fictionally (in form of an interesting story)?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
Are there any case of fan shipping non-canon characters that eventually made into canon?
Who are some female curmudgeonly characters in fiction?
What are the best novels to read in 20s?
Why is Gilgamesh treated as a great literary work?
What is the difference between Alanis Morissette irony and literary irony?
Is dirty realism considered as a threat to literary ethics?
How is a literary genre modified?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
Are the Macross theatrical release movies considered canon in regards to the animated series?
Are old, greek, epic stories considered bad because the main character are Mary Sues and the occasional Deus Ex Machina?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
What are some common literary techniques?
How can you prepare now, in class 8, to become a scientist in the DRDO?
Why is literature so important?
What are the best literary sites to explore in the U.K.?
How do I publish my fiction work?
What do science fiction authors look for in science fiction books?
What books can I read up if I want to learn more on philosophy?
Is there an official literary term for healing scenes?
What good mafia fictional books are available?
What are good questions to ask yourself to develop a convincing villain?
What is word porn?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
Why are surnames sometimes omitted in Poe's writings?
What are some literary examples of villains who are also protagonists?
Is reading fiction at night tiring for the brain if during the day I study a lot of hours for university?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
How are wizards affected by the muggle world in the Harry Potter universe, e.g. what happened during the French Revolution or World War 2?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
Have you overthought about a fiction or fictional character?
When is it a depiction of culture in a work of fiction?
Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
What is the novel Five Generations Hence about and also in regards to the concept of utopianism?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
Is “Killing toddlers is dope” a good thought or a bad thought? Why?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
Which works of contemporary literary fiction are best rated?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
In literary terms, what is a monologue?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
How do I make readers to care about and to feel emotionally attached to my fictional fantasy world?
Would Moiraine Damodred, from the Wheel of Time series, play well in the Game of the Thrones, since she was raised in Daes Dae'mar?
What is the best Brazilian literary work?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
Is it okay to say that the Bible is your favourite fiction book?
Did Trump ever write by himself any poetry, song's lyrics or non-political piece of literary fiction?
When Tywin made his deal with Roose, did he know his lieutenant took Jaime's hand?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
I loved "Jane Eyre" and "Pride and Prejudice". What book(s) would you recommend that are similar?
Which heroic fantasy universe is the best and why?
Did I write a good paragraph?
Which is the best fiction novel you have ever read?
What is the art of fiction?
What are some of the most imaginative fiction books?
How likely is it to convince a person/company who owns an IP to integrate a story you wrote for their universe?
What are some examples of a literary response?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
Which is the second book of Agatha Christie that I should start with?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
What does it takes to develop a reading habit and what books should I read to develop it?
Which is the author who writes fictions on history and archaeology like Dan Brown?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
What are the literary sources of history?
Could GRRM just have forgotten that Sandor didn't kiss Sansa so he lied about the whole Sansa being an untrusted narrator thing?
What are considered the ten ugliest (let’s say “antiquated”)women’s names in 2016?
Novelists: Is it possible in today's marketplace to maintain one's anonymity completely, as Thomas Pynchon has and still succeed? Why or why not?
Who are some of the best warriors left in Game of Thrones after season 6?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
From where can I read same stories written in different ways, angles and points of view?
What are some of the best lines from your favourite book?
What are some stories on dark fiction?
Which film industries in India are the best and the worst?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
Does Gauvain from "Ninety-three" by Victor Hugo have his real prototype?
How do I make an interesting and mysterious character?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
Are we done creating great works of literature?
What are some of the best online literary groups?
Could you name some important literary books and authors?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What was the meaning of the ending of The Sympathizer?
Why do people like science fiction?
What should I speak, as a literary secretary of a school?
How can an amateur fiction writer learn to compose effortless prose?
Which are the top 10 books by Indian author?
What is Bellovian irony?
Which are the most inspiring Hindi poems written by you?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Why is something non-canon in Star Wars like The Old Republic MMO still allowed to continue by Disney?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Are the visual arts worthier than the literary arts in terms of money?
Do writers tend to write from the perspective of a certain gender in most of their work?
How do I enjoy books I don't like at first?
What are the best works of literature?
What was the impact of The Grapes of Wrath?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
What fiction works make cities essential for the story?
What are some forgotten, no-longer-published books that you think ought to be brought back for the world to see?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Is Of Mice and Men a primary source?
How much do the main characters personality, belief and idea reflects that of their creator?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
In James Hilton's book 'Lost Horizon', why did Shangri-La need people from the outside world?
What appeal is there to being captured/kidnapped and held hostage by someone who develops feelings for the captive? (fictional example only)
What would happen without fiction novels?
How can I write fiction in English not being a native English speaker?
What famous literary characters are known for being "bringers of light"?
What is your favorite literary trail?
What does snow often symbolize in literary fiction or poetry?
What is it like to be an editor (fiction)?
What is bloomsbury revelation?
How do common literary techniques work?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
What are some clichés in novels that aggravate you to no end?
Is a unappealing to start a mystery novel by showing how the villian is masturbating to news clippings of his crimes?
Does William Shakespeare believe in God? Specifically, who is Shakespeare addressing in his sonnets? A Mistress? God? 
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
What is the best novel you have ever read about young generation?
How do we read a literary Work?
What are literary terms?
Who are some female protagonists in sagas/classic stories?
How would you describe this eye colour?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
What are some literary allusions to Kierkegaard in the works of John Updike?
What are some great English poems that are must-reads?
Which book is it that is about a young female protagonist who dies and find herself inside a terrorist's mind?
What is the opening quote for literary association function?
What personifications of the sun is commonly used in literary fiction?
What is your opinion on this story (written expression)?
What are some good books on following your dreams and passion other than “The Alchemist”?
What is the climax of a literary work?
Do you think there is a possibility that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World dystopic futuristic world may become real (technology / moral topics)?
What color Ajah would you choose to be, in the Wheel of Time series?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
What are some of the best romance novels?
Book Recommendations: What are the three best thrillers you have ever read?
Would lit agents work only for prize money?
What are some of the most impressive and impregnable fortresses ever conceived by fantasy writers?
How did the adage that 'elephants never forget' become famous?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters who suffered trauma as a child?
Has there been any works of fiction that has combined elements of science fiction and fantasy?
What are some of the best works of fiction about the Hawaiian Islands written by persons associated with Hawaiʻi?
What are the core elements of "Old Western" stories and movies?
Why are there almost no literary works of importance in 300–1200 AD in the Western Canon?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
What is the difference between literature and non-literature in literary works?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
In Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less did James have a plan?
How do you write literary fiction ?
What are some books about Louisiana Voodoo?
Was Margaery Tyrell actually having sex with someone?
Is the Harry Potter series part of the English Literary Canon?
What is the difference between theme and motif in the literary work?
What is your opinion on the works of Enrique Vila-Matas?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
Are orcs overused in literature and media?
What would be considered a literary prodigy?
In the eighteenth and nineteenth century, poetry was the most popular form of literature. Why fiction has become more popular than poetry over time?
What are some easily available good reads to start my reading journey (novels only, not about philosophy and else)?
What are the best examples of heroes masquerading as villains, other than Professor Severus Snape and Uchiha Itachi?
What type of character would be the most effective as a vessel in introducing readers to a fictional world?
Besides Huei Tlamahuiçoltica, are there any other major literary works in Classical Nahuatl?
What is a literary contrivance? What are some examples?
Is the Faith of the Seven based on Christianity and the Northern religion (Old Gods) based on Islam?
What are some things/materials/objects from fiction that you would like to see in real life that most people wouldnt think about?
What are some books or online resources where writers can learn about structure in literary fiction?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
Book 1 of a 4-part book series is quite dark, and lays down the foundation of that universe. In literature, what should be the tone of Book 2?
Is love real in our world or it's just a fiction?
Is characterization through internal monologue bad?
What are the best novels published in the first two months of 2015?
Why does Jane Eyre go to Thornfield?
The Cheshire Cat: Is he sane or insane?
What is an interesting novel to read?
Why are we so attracted to fantasy and science fiction?
I want to be a fiction writer.How do you think I should go about it?
How is anthropomorphism effective as a literary technique?
What is the most beautiful short passage you have read ever?
How do you get over the imposter syndrome when you set out to write something?
In Camus' The Outsider (The Stranger), does Meursault believe in something after death?
What were some of the bestsellers of the postwar Britain (around 1950s-1960s)?
How do fiction books help improving personality?
If you could spend the day with 1 fictional character, who would it be, and why?
What are some of the most suspenseful or most horrific short stories?
Who are the most famous literary female secret agents?
Is it hard to write a fictional epic?
What is a three line story that represents how life changes dramatically?
What are some modern detective novels with complex plots and high tension?
What are some good sci-fi/fiction books with real facts?
Which is more interesting: genre fiction or literary fiction?
What are some of the best short stories about friends?
What are some romance books like Jane Eyre or Pride and Prejudice that I might like?
Is Star trek Online considered canon?
How many fiction books do you as a fiction writer read in a year?
What villain did Bond kill/defeat in a single combat?
Which is the greatest work of Khalil Gibran?
What does literary non fiction mean?
What are some examples of novels, books etc. with exceptional, unique, groundbreaking approaches to storytelling?
What does "O ever youthful O ever weeping" mean in Jack Kerouac's book The Dharm Bums?
How do I know my story is good enough to be publish?
How can I keep up with serious contemporary literature?
How much do literary fiction writers like Joyce Carol Oates and Philip Roth earn?
How can the fate of "Ali Baba" be better interpreted in "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" story of Arabian Nights?
2014-2015 : Which book from the genre of contemporary fiction has changed the way you think and the way you live?
Literary Fiction: In the book A Portrait Of The Artist As A Young Man, who are Michael Davit and Parnell?
What are the best dystopian literary works?
What are the most important ingredients in a controversial fiction novel?
What is the literary technique where the feelings of a character are reflected in the description of an object?
What was Angmar doing during the War of the Ring?
What is the best short story you can write in 1,000 words or less?
Do you know of any essays / stories that are about a character *not* experiencing an emotion when s/he knows or thinks s/he should?
What is anthropomorphism? How does it work as a literary device?
What are some good books (be it fiction or non fiction) on Chinese and Russian mafia?
There are so many excellent novels published today. No one can read all of them. Is there a good reason why an adult should read fantasy books like George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire instead of other great literary novels?
Are genies always good?
Who are some authors (and their novels) who have a jolly writing style, great sense of humor and an exaggeration in their writing and still their stories make beautiful sense?
What are some interesting fiction books available?
William Golding, the author of the novel " Lord of the Flies" is the most unworthy to win the Nobel prize for literature in the year 1983. Do you agree?
What are some of the best art works based on Ruskin Bond's literary works?
I am from Asia and I publish short stories in our daily newspaper, but I want to reach a worldwide audience. How may I do so and where shall I publish?
What is expressionism and realism in literary terms?
When will second part of Ram Chandra series come?
What are some of the best fiction books to start my journey of becoming an avid reader?
Which fictional works offer many examples of people behaving vulnerably?
Why do I feel like I can also write a novel after reading Chetan Bhagat's novels? Is it normal to have this though while reading?
Was Chris Claremont right in having kitty pride use the n word in x-men comics and God loves, man kills ?
I'm currently writing some fiction. After reading this snippet, would you want to read more?
How do you credit a dictionary in a work of fiction?
What are some examples of fictional literary devices?
How does a book become critically acclaimed?
What is "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami about?
Who (today) is a modern-day version of Gertrude Stein?
What are the best fictional books for a teenager?
Which were the influences on Orson Welles?
How prevalent is product placement in fiction today?
What is the title of this book?
Which are your favourite literary characters (hero/heroines or villains) and why ?
Is there a Song of Ice and Fire interactive map?
Why are writers such as Buchan, Yates or McNeile called clubland heroes?
What fiction books do not get the math quite right?
What are the subtitles of famous literary books if any?
What current living author will be revered 300 years from now and be considered a literary icon such as Dickens, Austen or Shakespeare is today?
Which of the Clubland Heroes wrote anti-German novels?
Who is the best character in the 'Journey of Two Hearts' novel by Anuj Tiwari?
Who were great friends in fiction?
What was the equivalent of the Beat movement in Britain?
How does James Bond differ from the Clubland Heroes?
Is it possible for a fantasy writer to be as Richard Castle?
How long does it take for Frankenstein to relay his life?
What life lessons can we learn from Charles Dickens classic tale "A Christmas Carol"?
It has been claimed that at the end of Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Chris' line: "I never could see over your shoulders before" is a dramatic turning point and changes the context of everything that has gone before. How?
How did Thomas Mann's anti-Nazi views influence his later literary work?
Is there any other author who has similar writing style like Robin Cook?
What books and in what order would you recommend to someone who's never read a line in his or her life, to help them go from uncultured to well read, starting with the simplest children's books, and up to Dostoevski, etc.?
Is it possible that all gods we Hindus study are just fictional?
What is the best literary description of hell?
What does one learn in an MFA program for fiction/creative writing?
What fictional characters were inspiration for each of Bond's villains?
What is the name of the asylum where Renfield is put in after his encounter with Dracula turns him mad in said novel?
As an aspiring writer, what are the three best questions you can ask a published author you meet in person?
What are some best novels that one should not miss to read?
What are some of the best romantic thriller novels?
Will an 11-year-old enjoy reading Harry Potter, or should he be introduced to the book at a later age?
Who was the first work of American literature primarily written by?
What are some great works of literature that do not come from North America or Europe?
Who are the greatest conversationalists in literature?
What are some books about child/teen (under 17 years old) warriors?
What is literary club?
What are some two-line horror stories?
Which are the most chilling and frightening novels of all time?
What makes a fiction novel "good"?
What does B in 221B Baker Street stand for?
History: What were Alphonse de Lamartine influence in his literature, what are his most famous works, how he influenced future literature, and how is he molded by historical context of his era?
How would you describe your prose?
Is there is any book there where the protagonist travels and meet different kinds of people in the way?
Which book is considered to be the symbol of Pulp Fiction?
What is the longest eBook (that is a novel) that has ever been published?
Ideas: After Caesar's death, why did Antonius and Octavianus wage wars against each other soon after the death of Cicero, Cassius and Brutus?
Should one read 'Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen' if one is a beginner in reading novels?
Who could be Ian Fleming's greatest "literary opponent"?
What are some myths and classic stories in which someone falls into an abyss?
Why do I get sad everytime there's a chance a character might not be able to be someone they love?
I have a period of time off where I am trying to read great books (fiction and non-fiction) that inspire. What should I read and why?
Do you think fanfiction has a place in literature?
Is it pointless to apply critism and literary theory to casual works?
What is a good fiction novel with a lot of fencing?
Are the works of Edgar Allan Poe generally considered "great literature"? Why or why not?
What are some 10 line stories where the story changes unimaginably with each line?
What are the best fiction novels you have read? What's so unique about them?
Who are the most famous anti-heroes working as spies or detectives?
Who are some of the most loving fictional characters?
Which parts of 'Memoirs of a Geisha' are believed to be true and which parts actual fiction?
What are some fiction books based on WW2?
What is the best way that writers write two different scenes in a story described part by part in the same paragraph?
What were the most famous anti-heroes of British literature in the 1950s-1960s?
Are all Nobel prize winner books sad?
What is the best description of a modern city in literature?
Why did Dr. Fu Manchu have the title of doctor?
What are the best selling popular novels?
What are some suspense stories?
How old is Cordelia in King Lear?
What are some good Indian novels based on the theme of partition?
English (language): Is there any word in English that defines the sound that comes while we walk or run in water?
Are there any movies based on the literary works of Ismat Chughtai and Saadat Hassan Manto?
Do Bond books include elements of epic genre?
Who are your top 5 literary characters?
What are some of the literary elements in Macbeth?
What well-known literary works include the word conductive?
What are the common literary elements in literary fiction?
What are some thriller/spy novels that are told in a very rich prose, reading almost like literary fiction?
Which literary characters have the longest running series? Also, which literary world has the most books written about it?
What makes Kurt Vonnegut such an outstanding satirist?
Novels: What is the significance of "the price of salt" in Patricia Highsmith's 1953 novel The Price of Salt?
What are the best literary adaptations of The Count of Monte Cristo?
How unfinished is The Love of the Last Tycoon?
Book recommendations: What books (fiction and non-fiction) will give me a cultural and historical insight to Bologna, Italy while still fun to read?
What are the best short scary stories?
What tragic characters in literature do not actually possess a tragic flaw? What tragic characters fall from grace through fate, and not through any inadequacy on their part?
What are some examples of literary protagonists?
Why, very often, do many fiction authors use war and international conflict as the backdrop to their novels?
Once you have the universe, main characters and idea for your story, how do you start writing?
Why is the past such a great inspiration for authors? Why do they write more novels (etc) set in the past rather than in the present or future?
Why can't I read books and novels?
What are the best contemporary literary fiction books written in the present tense?
What are some fictional stories about spirit of life?
What are the best literature books to read?
Wide Sargasso Sea: What does Amelie say about Daniel Cosway?
What are some of the most jaw-dropping novels?
Is Sidney Sheldon good? What are some of his must reads?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: How do I become a better interpreter of literature?
How does sponsorship work for literary magazines?
Why is it important to read fiction?
What were D. H. Lawrence's strengths as a writer?
What are some of the best universities that teach English literature and fiction writing in the United States and the United Kingdom?
What are some of the best mangas that didnt have an adaptation but probably should have got one?
What is Bovarysm in Madame Bovary?
What are some of the underlying messages and symbolism in the novel All the Light We Cannot See?
Will you tell me a fictional story?
Who are the most ingenuitive characters in fiction?
Where can I buy or get access to quality book summaries (fiction, non fiction, business books)?
What are some of Glenn Beck's favorite fiction books?
Can you give me common 99 character archetypes in western culture fiction?
What are the best new fiction novels?
Are the three musketeers antiheroes?
What are some good novels that deal with ordinary people and life in the modern world?
What were the influences, if any, that Victor Hugo's literary works had on the development of France throughout the nation's history?
In the novel Gone with the Wind, there are 3 leading characters: Scarlett, Butler and Ashley. Who do you like most, and why?
What is some of the best poetry you have written?
Did people use to read more literary fiction?
Can you help me identify a YA book about a dysfunctional family where the mother is an alcoholic and the protagonist has to take care of her younger siblings?
Are there any works of fiction that realistically depict how hard it is for most people to actually try and kill someone deliberately?
What villains before Fleming's Blofeld were masters of disguise?
What is the significance of the ending of 'Family Life' by Akhil Sharma?
Does Fleming mention any other MI6 agent in his Bond novels?
Why do people care so much about franchise's "canon"?
Why is "The Catcher in the Rye" so controversial?
What are some major fan fiction/general fiction publishing sites I could post my fan fiction on?
What is naturalism and expressionism in literary terms?
What are some works of literature that were written to educate and not only to entertain?
What are some examples of demonyms in fiction and literature?
What was the purpose of presenting violence in Spillane's Mike Hammer series?
What are the themes of "The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
Would you be interested in reading a novel that portrays 19th century violin virtuoso, Niccolo Paganini, as a vampire? (Please see details)
Literature: What does inconsistency mean in literary terms?
Do people who read more fiction tend to be more liberal, politically speaking?
Is Harry Potter a good protagonist?
What are the most gripping opening paragraphs of all time?
What is the difference between two and three dimentional character in literature?
What are some fiction books to read during depression?
What are some of the greatest 10 word stories?
Why do so many people hate Moby Dick?
What are some of the funniest lines from books?
What are some good literary, fiction books published recently that have some depth but are not boring?
Should there be a right to offend under literary works?
How does the West produce so many good literary fiction and nonfiction books, but India still has a long way to catch them?
What is Elizabeth Gilbert's literary style?
Can Ray Bradbury be considered, figuratively, 'minimalist-style' writer?
What's the name of the book talking about two sisters coming from Europe (I believe Holland) and going to the U.S. to live with their uncle that they do not manage to find (letter with address flew away with the wind) and end up living in a poor area (maybe somewhere in NY)?
Is The Phantom Of The Opera a good book?
What is literary metempsychosis?
Is reading a novel a bad thing?
What real car would Simon Templar drive?
I don't enjoy reading fiction, however, I enjoy reading non-fictional. Is it still possible to increase the vocabulary through non-fictional literature?
What fiction books take place in Haiti?
Is the community in 'The Giver' an example of extreme political correctness?
Is anthropomorphism more prevalent in children's literature or in adult fiction? Why?
Why is it that so many ignore punctuation when reading a text aloud?
What is the difference between literary fiction and commercial fiction?
Which are the alternatives for publishing a fiction novel?
Are Harry Potter and Voldemort the same person?
What did you think of the book All the Light we cannot see?
How does literary fiction compare to genre fiction?
What's a touching short story you can write in less than 100 words?
Should I read fiction books when I can learn science instead?
What is the best love story you can come up with in 250 words?
Which is best fiction to read now?
Who is the bestselling author of fiction books?
Could a literary work written without the usual "literary" tools (metaphors, etc.) in a plain and neutral style be regarded a literary work? Are there any such works?
Is Sax Rohmer's Dr Fu Manchu series a pulp-fiction?
What are the common traits for all the protagonists of the Clubland Heroes?
Is Darth Vader the most famous fictional "bad guy" in history?
What are index cards (in the context of screenwriting)?
What is the best fiction novel of the past decade, and why?
What are some of the most intriguing 'back from the dead' stories?
Does Ben Lerner write on stimulants?
What is music literature? Name of some people who have contributed to this field?
What are good fiction books for entrepreneurs?
How is it that Salman Rushdie is overlooked by the Nobel committee year after year?
What may be the idea behind 'Drone' by Hari Kunzru, published in Granta 130?
In what order would you read Bukowski's novels?
Can you recommend a good fiction book about police/detective investigation?
Is Maglor alive in The Third Age?
Literary Fiction: I am a newbie who is writing a novel, what do you think of it?
Who is your favorite fiction author writing in China?
Which are the most popular & best selling 'mythological fiction' books in India?
Which is the best Charles Dickens character and why?
What were Goethe's best literary works? Why?
Are there literary works written only with letters 'a' to 'g'?
In the 5th book, why does Harry say that he could talk to Sirius about his father or live with the memory? Why couldn't he wait until the term ended and then ask him at Grimmauld Place? Why did he have to live with it?
How can you manage to say something without words?
What are the best novels about love?
What tricks did James Bond have in mind when he said to Red Grant, "no Bulldog Drummond stuff will get you out of this one"?
What are some interesting symbiotic relationship between man and machine/technology depicted across literature, comics, films or games?
The Great Gatsby: What did F. Scott Fitzgerald mean in the last line of The Great Gatsby, "So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."?
Is there a fictional work that doesn't shy away from beautifully depicting human psychology, be it good or bad?
On average, how many days do literary agents take to email back a request for a full manuscript after a query letter has landed in their inbox?
What are some examples of literary fiction works which started out great and had great potential but ended poorly?
What are the best imaginary creatures in fiction?
Why does Meursault want to be greeted with cries of hatred at the end of the novel?
What are some WW1 historical fiction books with a gay main character? [Details below]
Was James Bond fighting for protecting the whole UK or England only?
How does fiction work?
What's great about Raymond Carver?
Why is Jane Eyre classified as a gothic novel?
How do I make proper reviews on certain pieces of literary work?
Is there a literary villain who murdered protagonist's wife?
Is plot more important in a short story than in a full-length book? Why or why not?
Is there a difference between the British imperialist writers and the Clubland Heroes?
Which are the all-time top 10 best short-story collections in English?
What literary elements are included in a folktale?
What are some fiction books that contain no dialogue?
Which are some novels in literary fiction which have an undertone of poetry?
What role do literary agents play in terms of helping budding scriptwriters? What kind of services do they provide? Is the concept of literary agents still at an early stage in India?
Why do we read fiction?
Why do you like the book 'To Kill a Mockingbird'?
Were all the protagonists of the 'Clubland Heroes' novels spies?
What are some fiction books that discuss the French and Indian War?
What is the literary significance of Faulkner's "The Bear"?
Who are some manipulative characters in classic literature?
Which is the best literary agency for "new" science fiction authors in NYC?
Why wouldn't the Tolkien family give Peter Jackson the rights to direct The Silmarillion?
Can any science fiction movies or books ever exist in this world?
Where do people get ideas for realistic fiction books?
If I want to start reading books written by Jane Austen, which one should I start with?
Which is that one work of fiction which has affected people's lives? How?
What are some good pre-1900 literary works to read?
How can you tell if a piece of fiction has literary merit?
Does a country run by a dictatorship have any benefits? What type of government do you prefer?
Does the Lands of Ice and Fire have any new information in them?
What was Camus' intention in writing The Stranger?
Who do you consider to be a lyrical or literary genuis?
What are examples of racism in Ian Fleming's novels?
How can I distinguish low quality fiction from high quality fiction?
Who are the best literary agents for fictional work in India?
What are some of the best fictional books based on Ancient Greece?
Will a literature/literary fiction degree get me anywhere?
What are the best fiction books for phrasal verbs and idioms suitable for ESL learners? (upper intermediate)
What are Lewis Carroll's best literary works?
What is the best platform to make a visual novel?
My 48-year-old mother is very addicted to reading novels. She often reads the whole night and doesn't want to sleep. My father and I have tried to stop her, but she insists that it's her freedom. I really worry about her health. What can I do?
Why is P.G. Wodehouse considered a great writer?
What are the best crime fiction books to read?
How was James Bond different than Harry Palmer?
African Literature,gardening and Farming: What are some useful points I can use in analysing language use and child's point of view in Chimanda Adichie's Purple Hibiscus?
Why do there seem to be so many woodcutters in traditional European fairytales?
What are some literary agents (interested in fiction writing) based out of Bangalore?
How does a motif support a theme?
What are some of the most creative metaphors you've encountered in a novel?
What should you put on the back of a fiction book?
How best do I name characters of a (fiction) novel?
What did you think of the ending to of the book "Last Chinese Chef", and why?
Was Gregory Sallust's sex life as intense as Bond's?
What are some examples of "round characters" in literature?
Literature: What makes a book great?
What elements of the James Bond series would prove that it was a pulp-fiction?
What is the meaning of literary works?
Literary Fiction: "Those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand" quoted by Kurt Vonnegut. What does this mean?
Did Lars Eighner really lived on dumpster diving?
What authors did the best job combining literary fiction and genre fiction?
Which are the best books in the adult fiction category?
Could James Bond novels be argued to represent the self-insertion literary technique?
What do you think of my idea for a novel? (See details)
Which parts of Tolkien's non-canonical works would you especially like to be included in the canon?
What female character could be described as James Bond's counterpart?
What did John Galt invent? Why is it important?
Literature: Is life really so boring and predictable that we can accept articles and novels written by algorithms or computer programs?
What is the best and worst time to release a fiction book in India, gearing towards the younger generations?
What does diction mean in literary terms?
Are the works of Tolkien genre fiction, or have they now transcended that stage to be considered classic literature?
Where can we find the influence of Thomas Pynchon's books in today's world culture?
Who are some underrated contemporary writers?
Should I read fiction books?
Is One Flew over the cuckoos nest considered literary fiction?
What are the ten science fiction books that have meant the most to you?
What does assertion mean in literary and writing terms?
In James Joyce's Ullyses, is child abuse / paedophilia / incest intended in the descriptions of Stephen Dedalus's uncle who sleeps with Crissie?
How did James Bond’s attitude towards women change in the post-Fleming books?
What are some of the must read novels for young teens?
What are the most prestigious literary magazines?
What are some well known he said she said narrative style novels?
Can someone write me a sad story?
Can you recommend some literary works for me?
What are serious real/fictional stories about con artists and/or maybe titles of novels concerning them?
Can you summarize the plot of your favorite book with one pithy sentence?
Literature: What does assumption mean in literary terms?
What are some common/recurring tropes that keep coming up in fiction?
Which fiction world do you want to live in?
What are the genres of literary fiction?
What are some good LGBTQ YA/adult fiction books?
I love Dickens. Who are some other authors I would like?
When is it a good idea to have characters speak in full on accents in written fiction?
How would you describe Ashwin Sanghi alias Shawn Haggin's "The Rozabal Line"?
What are the top 5 thriller, philosophic, romantic, self-improving, classic, fantastic, and literary fiction books?
What exactly were the "Angry Young Men" angry at?
How well known is Granta magazine among writers?
Who wrote this "life is short but the hours are long"?
What are some current movements in literary fiction?
Do soldiers in the US military have to say the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag each day?
Is it getting increasingly difficult to write a good fiction or fantasy novel, because a lot of ideas have been "used up" now?
How did Bram Stoker concieve the idea of 'Dracula'?
What is the professional relationship between a renowned professional author and his/her editor?  What is the editor's impact on the final piece?
How is reading Fiction different from watching it?
How do 'Ode on a Grecian Urn' and 'The Rime of an Ancient Mariner' each emphasise the Romantic notions/paradigms of their literary movement, and what are some literary techniques to prove this?
Are there any 18th century works of literary fiction that explore a futuristic time period close to what we're living in now?
What real places did Ian Fleming include in his James Bond novels?
What is a Fisher King?
What is formalism and imagism in literary terms?
What are some works of fiction, mainly books or films, where the characters are non-anthropomorphic and non-humans?
What are the deepest themes in The Black Cat, Poe's short story?
Is reading the news (from reputed sources like the WSJ or the NYT) comparable to reading literary fiction/nonfiction?
What would Ian Fleming be writing about in Bond novels if he was still alive?
What themes were popular in 1950s-60s British and American literature?
How do I contact someone to write a novel (or a short story) around his/her story when the person is not a friend?
Which is the best novel of love?
What are the most famous examples of the author surrogate technique used in literature?
What does it mean that the Clubland Heroes' characters "embraced public-school ideology"? What's a "public-school ideology" then?
Which dictionary has the complete words related to field of study and field of occupation?
What is most colossal entity from any form of fiction?
What is the difference between literature and novel?
Why does the poet Khushwant Singh call his grandmother a winter landscape?
There is a children's tale about a hero who descends into the underworld for a quest and loses his right hand. Does anyone know the name of the tale?
What traditional values did the angry young men reject?
Who would you cast in Anthony Burgess's Earthly Powers?
What kind of short film you could make with the theme "out of character"?
Which literary form is used in my last duchess?
What are some interesting uses of the anachronism in fiction?
What are some good YA novels with a male protagonist?
What personality disorder does Kiyo in Mishima's Spring Snow have?
What are novels/short stories/films/etc. similar to King Lear (Shakespeare), Emma (Jane Austen), Wuthering Heights (Emily Bronte) and My Last Duchess (Robert Browning)?
Is it better to leave minor characters behind, who are directly related to the main characters, but not the story/plot? Or should they be tagged along?
What is the best novel/book to read for life lessons? Should it be simple to read and understand?
What is a good English short story for 12-year-olds who've been learning English for 1 year?
Haruki Murakami is often accused of being a "Western Japanese". Has he been criticised (esp. in Japan) for saying Japanese and Chinese were alike in Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage?
How would you explain how Charlotte's character changes from lady passenger to "Mr. Doyle"? And how would you use examples from the text to describe this change in her?
What are the influences of modern literary fiction?
What are some unknown facts about famous books and authors?
Strange question, but bear with me: - Why would a schizophrenic man walk around with dead kittens in a plastic bag?
If you were to read either 100 great works of literature or 100 great works of history, which would yield greater wisdom?
What are some of the most interesting stories with unfinished or unsatisfying endings?
What will the next book of Ashwin Sanghi be about?
What are some general rules for creating fictional characters that people can identify themselves with?
What are some famous literary works that almost everyone knows?
What is the difference between literary fiction and fiction?
What is relation and fiction?
What are the best books (fiction) published in this decade?
What are the best fiction books involving Protestantism?
What are the different ways that a character can die in a novel?
What are some of the greatest overlooked and relatively unknown works of literary fiction?
What are the top 10 most psychologically-savvy movies?
Which are some of the best fiction books?
What is a good science fiction book series to start out with?
What was Enid Blyton's writing style?
What are the best examples of omnipotence?
What are the best paranormal romance novels to read?
What is the difference between YA fiction and other fiction books?
Are we only limited to the four main types of literary conflict?
Whom did the angry young men support, the left or the right?
What would be the best story starting with "If she were mine "?
What modern novels seem to have been influenced by Pride and Prejudice?
How was Bond different from the 'angry young men'?
What is the best writing of Machado de Assis?
How can I become a good fiction writer?
Who are the Internet's best literary stylists, as defined by Joyce and Proust and Nabokov and Brodkey?
If the Swiss Family Robinson actually had been shipwrecked, based on the information provided in the book, where on Earth is it most likely they were?
When does crime fiction go too far?
Do fiction writers earn more than non-fiction writers or vice versa?
What are some political fiction books on Indian history like Chanakya's Chant?
What do you think of Michel Houellbecq's stance on sex?
What are some accessible and lethal poisons that might offer plausible cause of death in modern fiction?
When does reading novels become a waste of time?
What are some historical fiction novels which are as accurate as possible?
What's your writing process (for fiction)?
I am interested in novels. What books should I read first?
What is the best thing about Khaled Hossain's novels?
What could the fictional name "Melipone" mean?
What is a book that has always put you in a good mood, every time you opened it up?
Where should I begin when I decided that I want to read books? (previously I read 1 book a year)
I'd like to write a fictional story between 1000 and 7500 words long, using ideas and text contributions taken solely from the Quora community. What genre would have the best chance of success?
How do Indian people feel about Rudyard Kipling's book Kim?
What is the significance of literature in our life?
Is writing a psychoanalysis for a character in a novel a valid form of literary criticism?
What are the best fiction books of 2014 according to Quorans?
I am writing a book with vampire and werewolf fiction. Will people read it?
What are some good literary magazines in French?
Among the books that you have read, which ones feature the most intriguing passages that describe the psychological and physical aspects of the characters?
I am new to novel reading. Is it a good idea to start reading with the Man Booker winner books of, say, the last 10 years?
Who has the best prose-writing style in fiction?
What is some advice if I want to write a fictional novel?
What are some great websites/blogs where one can read good English literature?
Is there a website that has a complete list of 1001 Arabian Night's characters listed?
What's the hidden story Psycho-Pass is trying to tell us?
What are the most important books you must read in your life?
What are some of the best fictional books that you once start reading, you cannot put down?
Now that Kim Peek is dead, who would be the most well read person on the planet?
What is your favorite work of literary criticism?
Which are the things that are essential for epic fiction book writing?
Which novel spans the shortest length of time?
Why are the mental acrobatics of Biblical Hermeneutics necessary if the Bible is God-breathed truth?
What are some must read books in the fiction genre?
Who is the best Indian fiction writer in English?
I haven't really read a book since E. Lynn Harris' series. Are there any fictional good reads about sexuality out there?
Why do people enjoy flash fiction?
Which is a better novel to read: P.S. I Love You or The Notebook
What are some good novels that are written in such a detailed way that you can visualize even the tiniest details?
What are some ways to get paid to write fiction?
What are the best soft science fiction books you have ever read?
Is Dhalgren the most experimental novel of all time?
What does the non-evolution of Vogon in Douglas Adam's 'The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy' parody?
What are some "Catch-22" lines you know or situations you have encountered in your life?
What are some novels in which the protagonist dies about halfway through the novel?
Neuroscience: What are the neurological effects of reading fiction versus watching fiction TV or movies?
What are the various ways in which the phrase "We are not alone" can be interpreted?
What is most thrilling short murder fiction?
Has the character Keyser Söze from "The Usual Suspects" been further developed in any related works, canon or non-canon?
What is the largest literary work in history?
What are some of the best short novels?
How often has anyone cried while reading Khaled Hosseini's books?
What are some of the longest sentences in fiction?
What does it mean when I feel bored very soon after starting to read a novel and can't finish even the first 10 pages of it, while I feel completely the opposite when reading something like Wikipedia or National Geographic magazine or any source of knowledge and facts?
What are the must-read books of the Southern Gothic genre?
What are some suggestions for good literary novels for a 19 year old?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did other great writers learn to write?
What are some of the best conspiracy novels or movies ever made?
What is the best book by Iris Murdoch?
What are the top best inspiring novels that every student should read?
What do you look for in a novel?
When is the next novel in the Twilight saga being released?
Since I'm not a reader of fiction, which novels is Thomas Wolfe best known for?
How do visual descriptions in literature draw parallels to the characters?
How many of you think that the Sherlock Holmes characters depicted in the movies and TV series have been unable to do proper justice to the original character created by Arthur Conan Doyle?
If you were to write a book on your favorite fictional character what title would you assign to it?
What are the must reads of English literature?
How is The Catcher in the Rye life-changing?
What are some book suggestions for David Baldacci kind of fiction?
What are good works of fiction?
What book did 4chan write?
How is Gatsby's dream of Daisy dead?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
Should the novel "Dune " be on the American AP English reading list?
Who are some recommended excellent non-fiction literary agents in the Bay Area?
What is the most contrived origin story for a fictional character?
What is the first example of a space pirate in fiction?
What do you think of the writer Tao Lin?
Is it wrong for Daisy to love Gatsby more because of his beautiful clothes and splendid mansion?
What does this line mean in this John Updike story?
I want people to read a short story I wrote, but I am worried that if I post it online, someone will steal my story or take my idea. What can I do, or what website will ensure that this doesn't happen?
What are the best fiction novels?
What are some modern great literary pieces (in English) from India?
What are some of the best metaphors ever used in fiction?
What does Jay say to describe Daisy?
Which language has the best contemporary literature: French, Spanish or English?
Is 50 Shades of Grey a good start for a new fiction reader?
Can a "BuzzFeed list" be considered a literary genre?
What are some good books (fiction) that take place in Spain or Portugal?
Was John Updike considered a conservative?
What are some really good fiction books to read?
Why isn't there a Repairman Jack movie yet?
How do I create a fictional universe like JRR Tolkein did for the 'Lord of the Rings'? What kind of research should I do?
What is the point of reading the introduction to a classic novel?
What are some great literary fiction novels?
How big of a fan base do Erotica novels have?
Why did the Harry Potter series not win Man Booker Prize?
If literature is "above politics", then what's the point of reading it?
What are the best light novels with a good political plot?
What does 'calm tenderness' mean? Does this phrase make sense?
Reading literary fiction develops one's "theory of mind". Can watching movie/TV adaptations of literary fiction also develop theory of mind? If not, why not?
What is the name of the literary device where a character in the story edits/changes part of previous chapter?
What are the most emotionally devastating novels of all time?
Which is more prestigious, the Hugo or Nebula award?
What are the best literary works the explore the psychology of college students?
Why is The Old Man And The Sea by Ernest Hemingway so popular even now?
Why does Zaphod Beeblebrox seal off part of his brain? What is the analogy for this in our world?
Is Harry the most commonly used protagonist name in fiction books?
Which are the free online websites to read fiction and all others?
In what ways are Alexei Karenin (in Tolstoy's Anna Karenina) similar with Alec d'Urberville (in Hardy's Tess of the d'Ubervilles)? Furthermore, in what ways are Count Vronsky (in Tolstoy's Anna Karenina) similar to Angel Clare (in Hardy's Tess of the d'Ubervilles)?
How do I read fiction?
I enjoyed We Were Liars by E. Lockhart and The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini? What are some books like these?
What are some great books under 200 pages?
What are some examples of good surrealist poetry or literature?
If you were a fictional character, what would you be like?
What do you make of the ending of Dostoyevsky's "White Nights"?
What's better: reading a novel after seeing the movie or seeing a movie after reading the novel?
How do I make a preview of a novel in Facebook?
As a self-published author of literary fiction, what have you found is most effective in increasing sales of your book?
What is the best way to read a fiction novel?
Which is the best Indian novel you have ever read and why?
What is a good source to get started with literary/cultural theory?
How much of the novel Sunflowers by Sheramy Bundrick is fiction?
If you were trapped in a house with people trying to break in, but you could pick one character from a book to defend you, who would you choose?
How can I reconnect with literature?
Are there any novels like those of Dan Brown in which the entire plot takes place within a single day?
I want to have a good knowledge in literature. I want to read good books and novels of foreign authors. How do I start?
What are some of the most imaginative descriptions of simple things you've read in a novel?
What was the initial reaction to Harriet Beecher Stowe’s anti-slavery novel “Uncle Tom’s Cabin”?
How would you compare Sherlock Holmes with Hercule Poirot?
Can I create my own magical world for my story? Won't it be plagiarism as J.K. Rowling has already done that?
What are the top 12 novels of the 21st Century?
What is a good novel to compare "A Tale of Two Cities" by Charles Dickens with for a comparative essay, preferably one with similar themes?
Which are the books (fiction) that continue to amaze you even on subsequent readings?
Why do Chetan Bhagat's novels start or end with a number?
What are the best examples of fiction which use the idea of negative space to great effect?
What are the most touching teen novels that you've read?
In The Odyssey, why is there so much conflict between the gods and the mortals?
How did Long John Silver lose his leg?
In James Joyce's short story "Grace", why does Mr Kernan strongly reject holding a candle?
What is the best history book to read that has fiction?
In the beginning of Alice in Wonderland, one of the greatest pieces of Western literature, Alice asks the king a question. What is the question and the King's answer?
Literature: What are some Muslim allegorical stories?
What was a novel that you've read and found particularly enjoyable and extremely intellectually enriching?
How do the practicalities of theatre (e.g. rehearsal, audiences, stage-craft, cues, company size, dimension of the stage) influence early modern drama?
I am very much interested in writing. And I have a bunch of ideas, ideas come and collapse. I am just confused. How do I start it?
Are there any examples of famous authors misusing words?
I googled "atmospheric literature" and "atmosphere literature" and I did not find it as a literary genre. Can we consider it "neologistically" (which in itself is a neologism) a literary genre, as many writers like Georges Simenon, Thomas Hardy or Arthur Conan Doyle stand out for their descriptions of mood producing atmospheres?
What are some movies or books that are strange or weird, or that lead you into strange thinking territory, but that are well-produced and eminently watchable?
What do you think of the writer Blake Butler?
What are some of the best surfing fiction books out there?
Where does one start with Emile Zola?
When you're reading fiction containing romance, what sorts of things do you wish you could change about the character dynamic?
Which fictional characters have great jobs?
How has literature helped you?
Do I require credentials to be able to write a book?
Who is Michel Houellebecq, the French novelist on the Charlie Hebdo cover, and why is he so important?
What are some good sources to learn the art of writing fiction?
I'm a new fiction reader. Is it worth it to pay for first editions (new titles), or could I just buy two second editions for the same price?
Was Jon Robert's book, American Desperado, completely made up?
What is the significance of the cover photos in the Penguin publication series of Franz Kafka's works?
Are the Brothers Grimm tales free to replicate (books, movies, and toys)? Are they owned by Disney?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
How frequently do you consult a dictionary when reading a novel?
How did Ashwin Sanghi exactly start with his research work?
What are some recommended historical fiction titles for someone who is trying out the genre?
In reading novels, how can we understand the characters in the novels best? Should we regard ourselves as onlookers or as the characters as if we are experiencing what they are? Can we really feel what they feel?
Between Tom and Gatsby, what's the choice of Daisy if Gatsby were not shot dead at the end of the story?
What are some examples of interesting literary characters that are inanimate objects?
When can one consider a novel a masterpiece?
Is it possible to psychoanalytically critique "The Catcher in the Rye"?
What do you exactly study in literature?
Is the novel, "The Turn of the Screw" a good work to read and discuss with an intelligent 10 year old child? Why?
What are a few classic novels (Victorian era) with major themes of morality that are still relevant in today's society?
What would environmentally sensitive fiction look like?
What is the last known status of Middle Earth?
What should I know before considering buying a book?
What are the least-explored science fiction themes and genres?
Does someone have past papers for IB Russian language and literature? And also the literary words list for English language and literature, if possible?
Which novel is best for a student with an interest in science?
What is the artistic value of TV series like True Detective, House of Cards, Breaking Bad and The Wire as compared to contemporary American literature?
As of 2014, has there been any science fiction novel to surpass "Dune" as the greatest of all time?
What are some titles of classic non-contemporary literature of the following countries?
Which literature work/works is claimed as the first work of literature in Tamil?
Does anybody empathize or sympathize with Madame Bovary in Flaubert's novel?
Who is the greatest Indian fictional character of all time and why?
What are some really good books to complete this reading challenge?
Can anyone post the pages 671 and 672 of the book The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand?
What is it like to be a judge for The Man Booker Prize?
Why are novels by best-selling Indian authors so horrible?
What are some good Indian/non-Indian non-fiction books both by Indian/non-Indian writers based on science, history and politics?
Which year represents the future now?
Which books nominated for the Man Booker Prize were more deserving than the one that won that year?
What are some recommended great detective fictions?
What are novels in which the characters become trapped inside a Dungeons and Dragons-like world after playing said game?
In your opinion, who are the most fascinating literary characters and why?
What is the purpose of writing fiction if it is fabricated?
What is your favorite fiction genre and why?
Is it becoming very common to write a love fiction?
What are some good motivational novels in which the main character suffers from financial problems and loans, but in the end becomes a successful person in life?
What are some of the most interesting fictional universe systems?
How can I start to build my own very unique world in paper?
How can I help my teenage students to analyze characters in my literature class?
Which contemporary author has transformed the novel in historically significant ways?
If I want to read one literature work to help me get girls, what literature work should I read?
Do you think Lt. Daniel Kaffee of A Few Good Men (1992) has the scope to become a full-blown book protagonist?
How does Fitzgerald represent the American Dream in the novel The Great Gatsby?
How many words are in an average chapter in a novel?
What is a theme storyline for a novel that will be very interesting and good?
What are Harry Turtledove's best and worst works in the alternate history genre?
What makes a fiction book stand out?
What advice would you give about writing a dystopian genre novel?
Are graphic novels tougher to sell to publishers compared to prose novels? Why or why not?
What is the greatest Dostoevsky passage?
Are there any other characters in literature, myth, or fiction that fathered and mothered sons by sex change, other than Ila from ancient Indian scriptures?
When did the celebrity literature, i.e. literature written by popular figures in India, rise?
What are some good, realistic novels published or updated during this millennium?
Is there any popular detective character in Hindi literature like Byomkesh Bakshi and Feluda in Bengali literature?
The Goodreads award for best fiction in 2014 went to the book 'Landline' by Rainbow Rowell. What is the USP of the book?
Which fictional character in novels would you like to be?
What fiction books have good-hearted dragons in it?
Bhaumastra weapon could create tunnels deep into the earth and summon jewels. Did the ancient Indian author imagine a super shovel or tunneling robot ?
Why do lawyers need to read fiction?
In what language were Shakespeare's works written?
When writing a novel what holds a greater importance - plot or literary content?
Which Paulo Coelho novel can be a good movie?
What are recommendations for an interesting dystopian or sci-fi novel to read?
What are the literary and political works on the Bengal Partition?
What do you miss out on if you read literature without any knowledge of literary criticism or critical theory?
Literature: What are few smart techniques for remembering writers and their works?
What are some novel books that can encourage people who had never read any novels?
Is there a literary term that describes roles such as Macbeth's "weyward sisters," the kind of characters that serve primarily to narrate and move the story along?
Which fantasy novel apart from Harry Potter should I read?
What are your impressions of "To Quora and Back -  Bring Me the Head of Adam D'Angelo? What are the main takeaways from the story?
What are the most trending fiction books of 2014?
How is Gertrude Stein's writing discussed in college courses?
What do you think of the writer Thomas Bernhard?
In Madame Bovary, what is the irony of the love and blindness between Charles and Emma?
How does Arthur Miller utilize literary elements in The Crucible to explore the political idea of McCarthyism?
What composers inspired or are similar to the fictional composers in Kazuo Ishiguro's novel 'The Unconsoled'?
What makes a novel worth reading?
What are some great books in the juvenile fiction genre?
What are some famous books in Western literature?
What are some good books on space fiction?
Are Anna Karenina and Tess of the d'Ubervilles good novels to compare for a comparative essay?
What are some good fiction novels on Greek or Roman mythology?
I want to start reading books/novels.  What are some intense thrillers?
What are some mind-blowing facts about the Jaipur Literature Festival?
If you were to have a threesome with two of the Brontë siblings, which two would you choose and why?
Is anyone planning on writing a million-word novel during Camp NaNoWriMo in April and July and in NaNoWriMo in November?
What novels feature both carnivals and racism?
Which is the best literary work on Aghoris?
What is the general process that goes through your mind when you are writing a piece of flash fiction?
Which are some of the must read fiction novels of recent years?
What are some of the most tragic novels ever written?
What great works are yet to be made as movies?
Which literature module should I choose?
What are some suggested novels or books to read in leisure time?
Is it odd that I prefer to read fiction than socialize?
What are some favorite contemporary novels set in the US/American West and why?
Are there any female characters in literature (or movies) that can be said to have the Peter Pan "syndrome"?
What are some great works of classic literature analysis?
What are some beautifully written novels good for developing the favorable syntax and rhythm of the English language?
Who was Kunta Kinte?
Are there any novels that will develop my reading skills as well as entertain me?
Which are the best books in fiction last year?
What are some of the most amazing novels that one has to read?
If I read fiction that has an ambiguous ending, will I be more prepared for ambiguity?
What fiction books deal with arranged marriages?
Why do people become junkies? Can our government/society do anything to help?
What’s the most terrifying book you’ve ever read?
What is the name of a transparent or invisible metal in AD&D that starts with N?
What are some good suggestions for novel reading?
What are some good contemporary literary short stories about vampires?
What methods does Iago use to manipulate Roderigo?
What was the first usage in fiction of recipients of compromising photographs being reminded that it didn't matter if the prints were destroyed as "we have the negatives"?
What are the five very best fiction books about real espionage not like James Bond?
How is the modern United States like London in Aldous Huxley's Brave New World?
Which is some of the best Hindi literature and novels?
Will there be a new novel from the author John Crowley after 2009's Four Freedoms?
Who is the better author, Ashwin Sanghi or Dan Brown?
Would you like to read the new novel 'Go Set a Watchman' by Harper Lee? Do you think it would boost the sale of her previous novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird?'
Why do some people love to hate the Fountainhead by Ayn Rand?
When did humanity start writing fiction about the future?
What is a better way to keep track of the plot, timeline, characters, geography and events when reading a book?
How are the books for the Man Booker Prize longlisted and shortlisted?
What are the literary rules (be explicit) that should be adhered to when writing a novel?
Are there any novels where the male/female protagonists are not gorgeous?
What are the best novels in India?
What are some short stories by Ernest Hemingway that have the same/similar theme as the Old Man and the Sea?
Which are the best crime fiction books other than Sherlock?
How does one go about getting one's first literary agent?
What are some unbelievable fiction books that every 15-year old must read?
How many people are killed in each of the Jack Reacher novels?
What does the quote "Give us strength, oh Lord, to let our children starve" by Roald Dahl mean?
Is it common, when trying to avoid type casting, to overcompensate and go too far in the other direction?
How do I get the most out of novels?
What are some good novels to read to improve imagination?
What are some of the good fictional novels with an interesting story?
How do I decide which novel I should read?
What are must read dark novels about India?
What are some of the best classic fiction books?
For someone who has done B.A in English literature, what novels is he expected to have read?
If I want to read fiction with something to learn, which book should I prefer?
Is War and Peace a literary masterpiece or a bloated, ideological treatise? Is 'both' fair?
What's a good analytical novel?
Is the Irish author Roddy Doyle the best option for a PhD in literary research?
What would happen if Sherlock Holmes was a real person?
How do I create an original character while writing fiction?
What are the advantages/benefits of writing a fiction or non-fiction book through Quora?
Why did Laura Chase kill herself in Margaret Atwood's novel, The Blind Assassin? Who was the father of her unborn child?
What makes the yaoi genre appealing to women?
What is the difference between a science novel and a detective novel?
What fiction has character growth?
After reading the Patrick O'Brian series, four times, I need to read something else. What should I read next?
How do I learn to "close read"?
What is the best fiction/mystery novel series you've ever read?
What are some literary equivalents of The Shutter Island?
Are there any famous authors whose first novel was never rejected by a publisher?
Which is a better read between "The Namesake" and "Q & A"?
How many characters are in the play, The Fire and the Rain by Girish Karnad?
What are current literary tendencies? What are the names of current literary trends (think romantic literature, contemporary literature, realism, etc.)?
What are the best books written in LGBTQ literature?
What are some epic blank verse narratives written in contemporary English?
Why do certain (post) modern fiction writers remind the audience, from time to time in the midst of their stories, that their work is just fiction?
What novel should I read if I like too much fiction and mystery?
What is the best source for a close reading of Philip Roth's novels, in particular The Ghost Writer, My Life As a Man, American Pastoral, The Counterlife, Sabbath's Theater and Goodbye, Columbus?
Atlas Shrugged (1957 book): Who was better, Henry Rearden, Fransisco, Ragnar or Galt?
What book have you had the hardest time completing?
How do I become good at writing and getting ideas for non fiction books?
Is there a good market for fiction novels?
What is the best novel you have read this year?
Does Bill Gates read science fiction books or novels?
What is J.K. Rowling's patronus?
What are some novels about utopian societies?
What makes a great mystery protagonist?
Who is the greatest riddler in fiction?
How is 'The Cuckoo's Calling?' by J.K. Rowling?
Have all the published volumes/chapters of the original novel, been narrated in the 'Hyouka' anime? And is the novel ongoing or completed?
What are some of the blends between famous characters and authors, be it from the literature world or the movies?
What is the one book or series, in your opinion, that everyone absolutely must read? Why?
Why does Hemingway finish The Old Man And The Sea by two tourists?
"I fucking hate you, fucker", said Harry Potter. Opening lines of a literary work. What would the rest of the work read like? Try writing the next four lines.
I have always read Indian authors but now I want to read novels or books by different authors around the world in English. Can anyone give suggestions about which book or author I should read?
What are the best quotes by female or transgender characters in literature?
How can Batman beat a 7-foot tall henchman?
Who are the best independent editors in India who can polish up a book?
I haven't read the Mahabharata but judging on the complexity, is the Mahabharata more complex than A Song of Ice and Fire?
Where can I get Russian literature translated into Hindi?
I want to write a novel, but I have no time at all on weekdays due to the office or on the weekends due to college. What should I do?
In your opinion, who is the best fictional detective? Why?
Can we learn life lessons from fiction?
What is the latest (most recent) fiction book worth reading?
What are some good books in English with great literary value?
Who's the most evil fictional character in your opinion?
What will happen if Batman decides to walk on Gandhiji's path of non-violence i.e. Gandhigiri to fight against Joker?
What are some good novels about the history of South America?
Why didn't 'Sorry Secrets,' a collection of short stories, get enough fame?
The Shiva Triology was a genuinely good attempt at storytelling, but what must have prompted the writer to end it in such a hurried and abrupt manner?
What are a few books which are awesome and at the same time tough to be adopted into a movie?
Who is the best fictional character ever?
Is there a theme that has not been explored sufficiently in fiction, and is fascinating to most people?
What are the most interesting novels based on mythology that you have come across?
What are the best suspense novels ever written?
What are some of the best novels to read in Assamese?
What are some of the best fiction novels that contain dragons as a central plot piece?
Can we add reading as a pure subject?
What are some literary examples where the dominant theme is "you become who you hang around with"?
What are some of the best historical fiction novels you've read, set in Japan?
Who are some of the best detective novel authors?
Does this introduction to a novel work?
What are the best gay fiction novels you have read and why?
What are the most essential things to know about Mary Shelley’s masterpiece Frankenstein?
How could Harry's life have been different if he had been raised by Sirius instead of the Dursleys?
What is the best thing a novel should have?
Did the city of Aberowen really exist in Wales?
What are the funniest novels everybody should read atleast once in his life?
What are some good novels about rebellion or anti-conformity?
What are some of the most genial metaphors or symbols found in a movie or literary work? Why?
What is most exciting fictional book that you have read to date?
What is an explanation of these bolded lines from Catch-22's chapter, 'Snowden'?
What is your assessment of Casaubon's character in "Middlemarch"?
How do you tell high brow and low brow culture apart?
Are there any good novel series where the main antagonist doesn't reveal himself (to the protagonist) to be a source of conflict until the end of the first novel?
Which fiction books do Quorans suggest?
What is the height of Godzilla in the movie?
How do I get books (novels) for cheap? I'm not comfortable reading on a digital device.
Which novels are worth reading, to increase your vocabulary?
What is the difference between contemporary Indian and Western representation of erotica in fictional novels?
What are some novels that investigate and complicate the ideas of empathy and compassion?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of Brazil?
What are some of the most interesting depictions of death in fiction?
Are classic science fiction film/tv "death rays" possible with todays tech?
Literary Fiction: Who are some contemporary writers in the Romantic tradition?
If you could date one fictional character from a novel, who would it be and why?
Which is your favourite part from the Shiva Trilogy?
What can be learned from The Catcher in the Rye?
Why didn't Brave New World get the same popularity as 1984?
Is there a minority taste of literature? How can you explain the taste of literature to others?
What quantity of thrill, comedy, suspense, romance, and other material should a good novel contain?
In your opinion, what is Coetzee's best novel?
What are some of the most underrated literary (books/movies/television) characters of all time?
What are some of the most erotic moments in literary history?
How does Khaled Hosseini (author) research his characters and plot before embarking upon a project?
Literature: What are some major works of Portuguese literature?
What are some good current fantasy novel authors to follow?
What are the best novels of Preeti Shenoy?
Have you ever read a work of fiction that profoundly affected you and changed your life, and if so, what was it and why?
What is a thorough process for creating convincing literary characters?
How many Booker prize winning novels have you read? Are they worth reading?
Why isn't Hemingway's novel The Old Man and the Sea considered one of the best novels of the 20th century?
Who are some tragic literary female figures, excluding writers like Sylvia Plath / Virginia Woolf / Anais Nin?
What are some of the best novels to get into the literary world?
What are some good novels written in English by an Indian?
What do you consider the most challenging novel ever?
How scientifically accurate must science fiction be?
What are your least favorite books written with dual/multiple first-person narrators/third-person limited point-of-view (POV) characters?
What are the best examples of flash fiction to share with a creative writing class? What discussion questions would you ask?
Why is Catcher in the Rye considered a literary classic?
What are some opinions on the novel Aavarana The Veil by S. L. Bhyrappa?
Can I get a proper analysis of Alice in Wonderland and drug references?
What are some good fiction books on the history of Iraq?
What does the zero of the function  mean?
Are there any literary giants on Quora?
What first (or even last) names used most commonly in fiction writing, overall, are for a "kind" person?
What are some of the most mystic places that can be found in history, folklore, mythology or literature?
I possess absolute zeal in writing a novel. How do I go ahead in terms choosing a script, gathering information, and starting up, as this would be my first novel?
What are the best essays/pieces of criticism on Franz Kafka's novel The Trial?
What is the best description of a kiss in literature ever?
What does "a pearl may in a toad's head dwell" mean?
What is the best way to improve my literary analysis of novels, short stories, novellas, etc?
Did Wynand buy Roark's jury?
What is your favorite literary quote?
In 19th century English, what is the meaning of the term 'hell-faggot'?
If you were a literary character, who would you be? Why?
Do Indian readers encourage science fiction novels?
What are the best books and novels that describe war times and cruelty?
What is your favorite modern literature book? Why?
What is the most atmospheric novel you have ever read?
What is the history of the genre of historical fiction?
If you could spend a week with any literary character who would it be, and why?
What is some good contemporary crime fiction?
After last year's MFA v. NYC "debate", what do you consider to be an underlying/seedy aspect of today's literary culture?
What is some good literature for a student?
Who are some other notable authors of Paolo Coelho's genre?
What is the relationship between the plot and theme in Muriel Spark's "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie"?
What are some of the best character-driven political fiction books?
Does Gatsby really love Daisy, and if so why?
How can you convince me to read fiction?
What is the best description of college life in literature that you ever read?
How accurate are the ideas of Scott Adams in his book God's Debris?
What are some of the most original, intriguing, or gripping phrases or sentences you've read in contemporary literature?
I take a month or half in completing a fiction novel, even when I am liking it. How can I enhance my focus while reading fiction?
Who is the greatest contemporary American novelist?
What are some other good book series similar to the outlander series?
What books or novels would you recommend a traveler read? Why?
What is your take on the book THE UNCONSOLED by Kazuo Ishiguro?
Who was Frankenstein?
What do Indians think of the book "A Fine Balance" by Rohinton Mistry?
What opinions do people have on Young Adult Literature being read by pre-teens?
What is the most popular fiction book for ages 10 to 15?
Which novel must I read today if I will die after 6 hours?
What are the best books for a person who wants to start reading novels?
Can Shakespeare's books be read as you would read a novel or are they mostly plays which need to be acted out?
What are some of the best fiction novels that portray the art of strategy at its peak?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of Egypt?
What is an explanation of these bolded lines from Catch-22's chapter 'Peckem'?
What are some beautiful Spanish fiction books?
Which novel has left a lasting impression on your mind?
Are there any books written in two or more languages simultaneously? If there is, what do you think the author's motive was?
What are the great literary works of the world's classical languages?
If Footballers were to be cast in the Game of Thrones saga, who would play whom?
What are some of the best fictional novels in English that should be not left unread?
How many words are there in the Chinese classic novel "Journey to the West"?
Which are the best literary fiction books (especially for people that haven't read many)?
How is the To Kill a Mockingbird novel?
Should twentysomethings read non-fiction books related to their field or fiction books?
What science fiction book would you recommend for a book club of non sci-fi readers?
What is a small press putting out great works of which you think others should be aware?
How many people here have read 1984 by George Orwells and what do you think about the novel and its ideas in general? Which country do you think the novel remotely represents?
Why hasn't any of Aditya Pendyala's novels been released after 'Sorry Secrets'?
What are Glenn Beck's notable written works?
Have you read the book Inkari by Rom Siquijor? If so, what did you think of the book?
Literary Fiction: What is the best description of a building ever written in literature?
What are some examples of literary novels that are written in limited third person perspective, but have two principle characters sharing the narrative time, even though for most events they are together?
Why do some writers use brand names in their novels? Do they earn from it?
The ultimate task of Fielding's "Tom Jones" is to unite lovers without any critique on the social order. Do you agree?
Where should I start with Gertrude Stein?
I have mostly read non-fiction and popular science books in the last years. What titles would you recommend for a smooth transition into reading literary fiction?
What makes Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire special for you?
What are some good and entertaining books for a non-regular reader?
What is the unique literary technique/writing style that Fitzgerald has used in The Great Gatsby?
What is a difficult novel to interpret? What makes it difficult?
Which are some of the best-selling romance novels of all time in the US?
What are some best but underrated Indian poetry/literary fiction?
In Catch-22's chapter 'Chaplain', his wife has been described 3 times in one long paragraph. Was it done satirically?
What authors should I read for examples of good dialogue?
What is flash fiction?
Are there works like The Krishna Key that feature the gods, places of worship, rituals, practices, and beliefs prevalent in South India?
What are the best Jalil books or novels to read?
How much can a person grow in the literary world sans school education?
What is the best novel you have ever read and that has left a good feeling in you?
Who are some of the most challenging, innovative fiction authors writing in the German language today?
In the "Game of Thrones" world, which house would you most likely belong to and why?
What historical fiction novels feature lesbians?
What are some excellent, informative creative writing fiction handbooks/guides/articles about minor characters (secondary/tertiary) and major characters (protagonists) and minor characters becoming protagonists in reinterpretations/revisions of literature?
What are your favorite books with unreliable narrators, and how are the narrators unreliable?
Have you ever experienced a change in your handwriting when writing first person fiction on paper?
Do we see evidence of class consciousness by Dilsey or the Compson family? If so, how?
Is there any website that sells second hand novels in India?
What are the best novels of 2014?
Which is the best work of fiction to read and enjoy?
What characters have self-deception as a core component of their personality?
I remember reading about a country's royal family that was killed while riding a roller coaster. Supposedly, the G forces snapped their necks and they died instantly. Did this actually happen? Does anyone have the details? Was it something in fiction?
Besides Catcher in the Rye, what is a great classic novel for a smart 15-year-old?
What is black fiction?
What are the messages in "King Lear"?
What are novels written about Cholas?
What are some of the most beautiful pieces of literature you have ever read?
What are some good novels in PDF format?
What is your feedback on my book ending (in the details)? Do you have any suggestions?
Who are some of the most challenging, innovative fiction writers working in the Italian language today?
What are some common traits of all the greatest writers throughout the history?
How do you write a fictional world with both science fiction and fantasy elements?
What are some good Hindi thriller and suspense novels?
Is there any novel where the main character is a nerd? It should be a fantasy or science-fiction novel.
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book, who would it be and why?
Are you going to read the Magician's Land by Lev Grossman?
What works of fiction have you read that have most improved your prose?
What are the top 10 best fiction and non fiction books that are worth keeping for?
Are people on the Internet more into entertainment or learning?
Why did Harold Bloom consider Machado de Assis one among the hundred greatest writers of all time?
What are some good historical fiction books about the not-so-well-known ancient cultures?
What is the best description of a drug experience in literature ever?
What makes a character like Elizabeth Bennet timeless?
What is the best description of sound in literature ever written?
What is the most interesting short story you ever heard based on observation of our daily life?
What is your review of Glow (2014 book)?
What are some of the scariest horror/supernatural books to read?
What are some good novels based on politics?
Is there an intimate scene in a modern novel or movie that is truly authentic?
How does one get paid to be a literary and cultural critic?
What are good novels set in Paris?
Why is reading novels more productive than watching movies?
Who'd win in a battle of wits and humour, George Bernard Shaw or Charles Bukowski?
What exactly happens in the short story "Judge Gladys Parks-Schultz" by Heidi Julavits?
How is Robert Graves' literary legacy viewed today?
Why are writer portrait photos so often in black and white?
Which is the best historical mystery novel?
What are Quorans' favorite literary metaphors?
If someone were to write an epic fantasy novel based on the history of the Indian subcontinent, what events from the past can serve as good inspiration?
What fictional books have a philosophical undertone?
What are the best slice-of-life fiction books for young, but advanced readers?
What are the best novels I must read (that aren't love stories)?
What novel feature a fantasy world/magical equivalent of the internet?
What are the best fiction and non-fiction books for beginners in reading?
Harold Bloom's famous and infamous 'Western Canon' was published in 1994. If he were to update it today, what are the essential works published in the last two decades that should be added?
What are the greatest pieces of literature that probably could never be made into a successful film?
Do you believe in "art for art's sake" or you think that there is and should be a message in any literary works, whether moral, political, etc.?
If I could read only one book to help me write fiction better (science fiction, cyberpunk or fantasy), which one should I read?
If I like Game of Thrones, what are some good non-fantasy books I might like?
Which are the best books in your opinion in following subjects: a) psychology, b) economics, c) stock market, d) motivation, e) fiction, f) non-fiction?
Can I mix both present and past tense in first person fiction?
In Nabokov's novel "Lolita", if you were Humbert, would you have killed Quilty? Why couldn't Humbert content himself with Quilty's offer of a mansion, a 3-breasted lady, plus Quilty's unique collection of erotica, all for simply not killing Quilty?
What are the most popular subgenres within fiction in 2014? What are some notable works within these genres?
What are the best novels that take place in Western Australia?
What is the title of that old fiction novel where a man is trapped for months or years in a deep underground cave in utter darkness?
What books are good to get someone interested in reading more English literature?
What books contain characters like Pechorin from A Hero of Our Time?
What are some of the fiction movies about the earth's deep within?
Is it necessary for a work of fiction to adhere to literary rules?
What are the best novels for a newbie?
What are the best novels dealing with suspense, thrill, crime, and investigation?
What are the best examples of historical fiction?
What are some of the worst examples of the law/legal system being depicted in fiction?
Storytelling: How does one explain the writing style of Salinger?
What are some bands named after literary characters?
Do all great truths begin as blasphemies? Why or why not?
What are good literary works (both fiction and non-fiction) for well-read eighth graders?
Is there any useful book which can help me write fiction better?
What are some films that are better, or just as good as, their novels?
Can you explain these bold lines from Catch-22's chapter, "Clevinger"?
What is the best novel to read for a person who is in his 2nd year of a BTech and hasn't read any novels before?
What are some good novels that explore the issue of female oppression/exploitation?
What fiction genre sells the most novels?
What are your thoughts on the Pip-Estella relationship in "Great Expectations"?
Which fictional characters from different books would you like to get together for a meet up?
What makes the play Angels in America by Tony Kushner such an important work of American literature?
What was so great about the book The Catcher in the Rye?
Was anyone able to find out the real name of the character Hilal from Paulo Coelho's Aleph?
How do we make the best out of a novel?
Which character from classic literary fiction had the most poetic death scene?
What are the best modern British novels?
What are Anton Chekhov's most overlooked works?
What are some good magazines in which one can publish science fiction short stories?
What fictional work has the most characters of all time?
What is fiction? Is Breaking Bad, for example, considered as fiction?
Which fictitious character best portrays heroism? Why?
Which fictional character has the highest IQ?
What is a book of contemporary or 20th century literary fiction (any language) that centers around a family stuck in a paranoid or fearful dynamic?
What are the best examples of feminist portrayals of women in classic literature?
What are some novels written by sitcom writers?
What are some interesting fictional cities in literature, film and TV series?
What is a complete list of all fiction genres?
Any literary works influenced by the Harry Potter series?
Who are some unseen characters in literature/theater/cinema who've had very profound impacts on the fiction?
Is it possible for a person, in a lifetime, to read all the books in the Western canon?
Has there been any movie based on PG Wodehouse's works yet?
What other well-known Russian literary works are there that were not written by Tolstoy, Nabokov, or Dostoevsky?
How accurate are the historical details mentioned in the book "The Krishna Key"?
What are stories or novels that you read recently where the ending is not what you expected?
If you could be a character in any novel you’ve ever read, who would you be and why?
Who are the most popular literary figures of all time?
What are some great novel titles which suit their content?
How do you make a compelling character for a novel?
What are some of the most interesting novels which capture readers' attention unlike other ones?
Is the hairy man story fiction or non fiction?
Can you explain these bold lines from Catch-22's chapter "Hungry Joe"?
What is the title of the book by Terrence Strong that features the character O'Rourke?
Why can't I seem to bring myself to just sit down and read a novel for a couple of hours?
Has anyone read the novel "A Thousand Splendid Suns" by Khaled Hosseini? What's so special about it?
What is an explanation of these lines from Catch-22's chapter, 'Lieutenant Scheisskopf'?
What are some of the best uses of subtext in literature?
What's the best description of a military base you've read in a novel?
What are the top 3 books for teenagers?
What is the greatest excerpt of prose you have ever read?
Why does everyone make fun of Chetan Bhagat and his novels even before they are released?
What can I do to write a classic novel?
What recent U.S. novels portray a male protagonist who actively attracts and dates women in most of the interactions depicted?
Was "Treasure Island" the first work of fiction to feature a treasure map?
What is the best example of good expository dialogue in a novel?
Are there any famous novels which contain major blunders or bloopers?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of the Philippines?
Why do we like pieces of literature (or films) that have happy endings?
Are any literary works influenced by the Kalevala?
Is it bad to read a book because I like the story but it does not have good literature?
How do fictional characters appear "good" or "evil" to us only by their looks?
What are the the reasons for the popularity of the short story?
What are some good modern works of fiction that contain Buddhist and/or Taoist themes?
What are the greatest literary works that an aspiring student of literature should not miss?
What are some of Nevil Shute's best novels, besides his most famous ones?
What are some of the works on counter-storytelling? What do you think of them?
What is best historical fiction book written about the Vietnam War?
Can you help me edit some poems?
Were there any fables/mythology/colloquial stories created in the last few decades that will be discussed for generations to come?
What is the best thing about reading books?
I am an erotica and fiction writer, and am exploring the idea of starting a writing group(s). Would anyone be interested in starting a writing group?
Does Pride and Prejudice bring out Jane Austen's belief that education is an important role in forming a person's character?
What are some very good literature works that depict true friendship?
What are the literary devices used in Iago's second soliloquy? What are the effects of them?
What are the best novels written about drug addiction?
Is D.F. Wallace’s ‘Oblivion’ successful in its intent?
What are some great works of American expat literature?
What is the background of Nadine Gordimer's The Train from Rhodesia?
What is an example of a novel (or movie) with 2 climaxes?
What are some of the genre-defining clichés of CanLit?
I am an engineering graduate, and very passionate about traveling and literature. I am an extrovert and enjoy talking and sharing ideas (mainly literature related). Are there any career prospects for me which will help me do both of the things mentioned?
Do authors of historical fiction and literary fiction tend to avoid contractions when writing dialogue between characters?
What is the best English translation of Tolstoy's 'Resurrection'?
I found J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye the best thing I had ever read. What are some other kickass novels on similar lines, basically, characters to which you can relate and simple language?
Is there still a market for novels about Russian spies?
What is the most disturbing true crime novel you have ever read?
Is David Mitchell's book Cloud Atlas an hommage to John Fowles's book The Ebony Tower?
What novels, if any, begin and end with the same line?
I have an idea for a novel but no capital. How can I publish it?
What is the history or origin of detective characters in literature?
Given that I always keep trying to read the most diverse forms of literary fiction, what do I miss from not attending college to study literature?
Is The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand worth a read?
Does it bother you when a book has two or more first-person narrators/third-person limited point-of-view (POV) characters?
Name some fictional books that would engage me soo into reading that it would be difficult to put it down?
What are the best fiction movies in the 2000s?
What are the novels with significant characters who cheat for a better life?
What is your favorite fiction book?
What is the best English fiction book on the mafia?
What are best readable books on science fiction?
What is the most famous literary description of Vienna?
What is the most famous literary description of Shanghai?
Literary Fiction: Which was the most unexpected beginning, of a novel?
What novels have styles similar to the works of authors such as Michael Crichton, Dan Brown, and James Rollins?
I keep re-reading the lines in a novel for no reason at all. Is this normal or is it only me?
What is the most famous literary reference to the Great Wall of China?
What is the most famous literary description of Las Vegas?
What are some tricks to make your character more relatable?
Who are some other authors with a writing style similar (or similar quality) to George RR Martin?
What is the critical reception of JK Rowling's book "The Cuckoo's Calling"?
What are some of the best novels set in Lebanon?
What are some great recent novels dealing with ethical dilemmas?
What message is the short story "The Fisherman and His Soul" by Oscar Wilde trying convey?
What novels have a plot like that featured in the Dire Straits song "Telegraph Road"? Which authors have written such a plot?
What is the future of Christian-themed novels?
What are the rhetorical devices found in the poem "Speak" by Phillip B. Williams?
What can help me, as a writer who is stuck in non-fiction or slightly fictionalized memoir, move squarely into the realm of pure fiction?
Which fictional characters do you look up to? Why?
What are some of the best literary quotes?
What is a prime example of the blur between non-fiction and fiction in literature?
What’s the meaning of “accidental notes” in the book Coming through Slaughter?
What are some great literary work featuring Tenali Raman?
What are some of the best novels set in Colonial Africa?
Why are most romantic novels written by female authors?
Am I the only one who can sense the proliferation of depth in Khaled Hosseini's writing from "The Kite Runner" to "A Thousand Splendid Suns"?
Which fictional books have a philosophical undertone?
Is Kafka overrated in your opinion?
What are examples of authors making good use of Pinterest?
Which is the best fictional character that describes or resembles you to the greatest extent?
What are some great narratives in literature, film, theatre, etc. that are structured like a joke (i.e. with a setup and a punchline)?
Is Gatsby too good for Daisy?
What is the most famous literary description of Hong Kong?
Which fictional character's death in a book upset you the most?
What is a short story English novel?
What zombie and/or vampire horror novel is the best you've ever read?
In Jeffrey Archer's "Sons of Fortune," who becomes the governor out of the two brothers, Nat or Fletcher?
What is the most tragic novel you have ever read?
As a writer, what is an example of a good day and of a bad day?
How does Harry Potter influence modern literature?
Who brought the concept of human souls first: philosophers or religious people?
Do fictional movies get poor reviews, ratings, etc if you don't get your space facts right?
Who are some quality, new authors of fiction?
What are the best works of literature about living in the age of the Internet?
How come the best novel writers were and are still mostly Europeans?
What are some classic story elements that people never get bored of?
Literary Fiction: What has Marisha Pessl been doing the years between the release of her two novels?
What are some of the must read business novels of all time?
What is the most famous literary description of London?
What canon did 19th century women's literature draw from?
The characters in a book I'm writing quote from Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises.  By using these quotations, am I violating copyright laws?
What is the best, but little known, John Steinbeck novel?
What do you really think about the prose of Harry Potter?
Can fictional characters be judged?
What are some of the best apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic scenarios featured in movies or in a TV series?
Who are the best literary agents that represent ya urban fantasy?
What books have their own story personified within the book itself?
What’s meaning of “put things in their place” in the book, Coming through Slaughter?
What are the good fiction that deals with sexuality in America?
What is the most famous literary description of Rome?
Is it possible that a real person can be exactly the same with a fictitious character?
What character says this quote?
What is the name of the novel that features an androgenous female claiming to be the returned Christ?
Why is "literary fiction" thought of as better than popular fiction and is it really?
Is Blogging the best vehicle for Creative Writing?
Mythology: What are the top five most frightening mythical creatures?
What is the author trying to convey by making Watson and Holmes call each other by their last names, even though they are close friends?
How do you read Don Delillo's Falling Man from a postmodernist perspective?
Which are the must-read fiction books? And how have they influenced you?
What's the most erotic novel you've ever read?
What are some books that develop a character's rage and wrath and gives a solution?
What are some good books (both fiction and otherwise) to read on the siege of Vienna (both of them?
How is sarcasm best served?
What is the most famous literary description of Oxford UK?
What is the most famous literary description of Madrid?
What’s the worst form of psychological torture that has ever been legally used on a human being?
What is the most famous literary description of the Ganges, India?
What are some examples in fiction where the omniscient narrator will, on occasion, reflect through word choice the opinion, mood, or world view of a given character in a scene?
Who is the new JK Rowling of 2014?
Who is the most ambitious character ever created? Why?
Would you use a site that connects beta readers with authors?
How would you steal an artifact from the Museum of National American History?
Why is most of the American literature today focused on fiction, crime, detectives and so on?
Literary Fiction: What are some interesting comparisons between the works and ideologies of Orwell and Vonnegut?
Who is the best literary agent for VC-related books?
In the current day, what's the "Burning Bush," and if such a lexicon can be defined, "Who's Moses"?
The Art Of Manliness: What are some of the "manliest" novels?
What is the best lesbian/gay novel have you ever read?
What are some of the best fiction books for newbies?
Who is your favorite fictional character from classic American literature and what best describes them?
What are some of the best parties and/or dinner parties in literature?
What is the name of the theory that states that mystifying cues create an intrigue and can be useful in both literature and advertising?
What are the most influential works of literature?
Why are so many works of science fiction so unrealistic?
Gabriel García Márquez (author): Why is 'One Hundred Years of Solitude' a richer and more brilliant work of fiction than 'Love in the Time of Cholera'?
What type of people love science fiction movies?
What is the most famous literary description of St. Petersburg?
How much description is necessary when writing a story?
What is the difference between genre fiction and proper literature?
Which one book (novel) can change my behaviour from pessimistic to optimistic?
Which book is the best literary work of Narayan Sanyal?
What are some good, long quotes by Donia in the Wicked Lovely series by Melissa Marr?
What is the most famous literary description of Moscow?
Would it be accurate to say that the megalomaniac villains in fiction who also happen to be doctors would most likely qualify as doctors in engineering, biology, and/or chemistry in real life, even if their fields of expertise are never elaborated on?
Do you know of any book that lends itself to endless readings and re-readings, continuing to please and inspire/instruct or awe?
Is there any fiction book series in line of Harry Potter?
Stephen King once said, "Fiction is the truth inside the lie." What do you think he meant, and why?
What is the most famous literary description of Dublin?
What’s the meaning of “saved by its fictional quality and nothing else” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
What is the best literature you have read in your life?
Is it possible to make money from literary journals?
What is your favourite novel? What is your favorite line from that novel?
What is the most famous literary description of Rio de Janeiro?
If you could rewrite literary history and give one "couple" a happy ending, who would it be and why?
Did Jordan really care about Nick?
What does the word "mazel tov" mean?
What’s the meaning of “profession sudden actions and off hand gestures” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
What are the best literary conspiracy novels?
What is your favourite monologue from a TV Show, Film, or Book?
Is it clichéd to write a novel where each chapter is the perspective of a different character?
What books would a PG Wodehouse fan definitely like?
What's the main conflict between Lex Luthor and Superman?
What are some of the good books (fiction or non fiction) that contain good philosophical elements in it something like Fountainhead, Crime and punishment?
What is the most compelling way to mix fiction and history in writing?
Do you think JK Rowling will be known 1,000 years from now? Why or why not?
The Hindus by Wendy Doniger is going to be pulped in India and pulled out of circulation by Penguin India. What other books would you like to see banned?
How much does the New Yorker pay per word for published short stories?
What are free online education resources for English literature and criticism like edX and Udacity for science and tech?
What would MR James have thought of Susan Hill's novel "The Woman in Black"?
Are there any recent science fiction novels where menial jobs have all been automated?
What is the most famous literary reference to Jerusalem?
What is your favorite novel about Pirates?
Is The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger great literature?
Have you ever experienced the shock of looking at the reviews of a book you loved and seeing that some readers hated it?
What brilliant stories of self-fulfilling prophecy are there in fiction books?
What are some interesting novels you can study in your spare time?
What will I gain from attending the annual conference of the Association of Writers & Writing Programs (AWP)?
It's post-apocalyptic times. Human life on Earth has ended and only you survived. How will you proceed with your life?
What are some of the best novels of 2013?
Why might someone say J.K. Rowling is a bad writer?
Can Sherlock solve the mysteries solved by Robert Langdon?
Why is Oscar Wilde such an important literary figure?
What is hysterical literature?
What is the most famous literary description of the desert?
What is a good fiction book on grief or that explores grief in an interesting way?
What is the most exciting and thrilling novel you have read (not strictly detective)?
Which Chinese authors' work are highly recommended?
What is the most irresistible subject matter for a best-selling novel?
What are some famous literary works that deny the existence of God?
What chapter, section, or point in a fiction or non-fiction book completely ruined an otherwise perfect reading experience?
What is the most famous literary description of New York?
What are some good taglines/mottos for a literary arts team of a college?
Do you remember the words that made a particular scene that you liked in a novel?
Why does excellent fiction go out of print?
What might some dating site profiles of fictional characters look like?
What are some tips for writing a character that could easily be defined as a badass?
Do you think that is ever okay to be preachy in writing a story?
What novel should every entrepreneur have read in his life?
In 'Wide Sargasso Sea', why does Antoinette's husband insist on calling her Bertha?
Is the book The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini good and readable? Why?
Do you think Franz Kafka influenced the works of Alexander Solzhenitsyn?
How would people describe Hemingway's writing style?
Who are some authors with a similar style to James Rollins?
What are the best sci-fiction novels and non-fiction novels that one should read?
What books should be on a Literary Canon in school?
Is the word "nay" too archaic to use in fiction?
Is my poetry good? Do I have a chance of being a decent poet?
LITERATURE: What are good discussion questions (college level) for the non-fiction work "The Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass"?
Why did surrealism have a greater influence in the art of painting and of film more than in literature?
Which prominent authors/poets actively write online?
English Literature students: How do you go about studying a novel?
In regard to writing fiction novels, how difficult is it to get them published?
What are some poems that you can come up with written from the perspective of different fictional characters?
If there could be a worthy adversary to Sherlock Holmes other than Prof Moriarty, who would it be?
Does the first novel in a series usually bear the same title as the series itself?
What made J.K. Rowling famous? Why?
What’s the meaning of “landscape suicide” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
What other works of literature influenced JK Rowling?
Who is equivalent to P.G Wodehouse in hindi novels/literature?
Fiction: Who is the most memorable protagonist/character you have come across?
What are some good novels to read on the beach?
What is the most famous literary description of Paris?
Do you love reading Nora Roberts? Which of her novels and the characters do you love the most?
What’s meaning of “There was no control except the mood of his power” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
Will works of fiction about robots published in the past and recent years ever help us to establish some basic laws of robotics in near future?
What is the most famous literary reference to a Road trip?
Is The Cave (David Click: 9780615832760: Amazon.com: Books) a novel you would consider reading? Why or why not?
What is the most famous literary description of the Antarctica?
How do I write a detective novel like Sherlock Holmes or Hercule Poirot?
Who was the first to use the werewolves versus vampires deal?
How would it be if George R. R. Martin died before completing the last two novels of ASOIAF, and J.K Rowling takes up the task of finishing them from the notes left behind by Martin?
What novels portray diabetic characters?
Do you think movies are as significant as books in telling stories? Why or why not?
Are there any contemporary authors who write as boldly and selflessly as Roberto Saviano?
Who are your favourite and least favourite characters in Watership Down, Richard Adams?
What is the most misunderstood literary novel?
Which are the research options for engaging with abstractions?
What is the definitive website for literary theory/criticism?
Will J.K. Rowling win the Nobel Prize in Literature, or is it unlikely?
Literary Fiction: What are some books that have used Tarot imagery as a structuring principle?
What English plays would you recommend to someone who has just started reading such stuff?
What are some short stories that can attract children's attention?
What are your favorite opening lines from a book?
What is the most powerful sentence from your favorite novel?
What are some good literature references/quotations that can be used for a quiz club t-shirt?
What is a novel in which a narrator or protagonist is a rich man?
What contemporary fiction book covering lives of the Facebook/jilted generation are recommended?
What is the most famous literary reference to the Taj Mahal?
How do authors differentiate accents of different characters in a novel?
What courses help enhance your novel writing skills?
Who are the best teachers in fiction?
How and where do you buy books?
What is the most famous literary description of Tokyo?
What is the shortest book (especially fiction) that people have had the most difficulty reading the whole way to the end?
What are some good ways to judge a book before buying it?
Which novel has the best first page?
What are the best (and lesser known) dystopian novels?
Why are most English novels written in the past tense?
What is the most important scene in a film or play that involves a dialogue (or counterpoint) between three characters?
What are the real world equivalents of races described by Tolkien?
Suggest best gay contemporary literature?
Do you like to read fiction in the past or present tense? Why? Why would a writer choose one versus the other?
Literary Fiction: Is Ashwin Sanghi's The Rozabal Line based on true facts?
If you had your own Book Club, what would you name it?
What fictitious character represents the 21st Century the best?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of Detroit?
What are some good literature or literary books related to the Catholic church?
What’s meaning of “His mind went into theories” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
What is the best realistic romantic uncheesy novel ever written?
Are the classical epics in any religion/culture works of fiction or are they works of history?
In 'Wide Sagrasso Sea' why does Christophine drug Antoinette's?
What is the most depressing death in literature?
Who are the top ten contemporary authors in Hindi Literature? The ones who are still writing and are most talked about these days, they may also qualify as 'young crop of Hindi writers'.
Who said "Silence is power. Knowledge is more powerful still"? If you have nothing, and are considered nothing, would this statement be a valid one? Would you agree?
Douglas Adams: In the H2G2 series, there is a planet where supposedly, some poor student's lost pens would go after he lost them. If you visited your planet of lost items, how content would you be to move and live there permanently?
What elements play a significant role in the attempt of a reader to find significance in a literary text?
Is pulp fiction a genre? Why or why not?
Is Ernest Hemingway overrated?
Literary Fiction: What is the name of this novel?
What are some of the most popular comical non English phrases/expressions ever used in any kind of literature, movies, or cartoons?
What are the most common clichés in contemporary writing?
What is the jury's verdict in To Kill a Mockingbird (1960 book)?
Who is your most relatable fictional character?
What are some of the best dramatic scenes in literature to read?
Did John Steinbeck ever reveal his intended meaning of the end of The Grapes of Wrath?
How can I stay current with up and coming science fiction authors and novels?
How does the title "To Kill A Mockingbird" justify the story in the book?
What is the most famous literary description of a mountain?
What things are so typical of a fantasy novel that you would do good in excluding them for that very reason?
Which are some of the most popular American novels of all time?
What do people think of The Bear: A Joke in One Act by Anton Chekhov?
How do books by Indian authors whose writing is ordinary at best, attain such popularity and fame in our country?
What is the most famous literary description of Athens?
What genre is Mark Zusak's "The Book Thief"?
Giving importance to style than substance, what is your favourite sentence from a prose work?
Why do some people consider the fantasy genre childish?
What is the root cause of Caesar's death in Shakespeare's play, Julius Caesar?
What are the thematic differences between Baz Luhrmann's version of The Great Gatsby and the book?
What is the most famous literary description of Berlin?
What's the best way to include my Quora activity in a book proposal?
What are good novels that involve bdsm?
What are some science fiction novels that deal with delusions of grandeur?
Are there any novels where the protagonist and antagonist never meet, or where the protagonist never realizes that an antagonist exists?
What is the current relation of philosophy to the imagination?
Are Ruskin Bond stories completely fiction?
What are some informative yet entertaining books/novels?
Are there any notable literary or legendary characters from world literature or myth who constantly correct others, especially linguistic mistakes?
What are the famous novels of William Shakespeare?
What’s the hardest part about publishing a novel?
Who is the best literary agent in the self-help/personal development/motivational niche in NYC?
Should I launch a crowdfunding campaign for my autism novel so it coincides with National Autism Awareness Month, or should I wait until after?
Which fictional job would be your dream job?
How can budding creative writers get published and make money?
Opinions: What are some differences between popular films and the books they're based on?
Which novels deal with multicultural societies?
Literary Fiction: How can I gain access to and read these three, unpublished, short stories by JD Salinger? https://app.net/b/wgvq0
What are the best fan fiction writers of the crime shows?
Which of Hemingway's short stories are set in Cuba?
What do all great literary works have in common?
Why do people read books or watch movies that are sad?
Who are some authors similar to Michael Crichton?
If you were a woman living in the 19th century, would you rather marry Michael Henchard or Donald Farfrae?
What is the most famous literary description of Cambridge UK?
Which fictional character's visualisation or picturisation do you hate?
What was the story about a king who determined the life of a man from his birth to his death?
What are some novels/stories that are similar to Woody Allen's films? Sophisticated, complicated, intelligent, complex relationships etc., and of course, romantic!
Creative Writing: If your favorite character(s) were on Quora, whom and what would they be following and what would be the questions that they would ask?
What is the most famous literary description of Los Angeles?
Why is the story of Noah's Ark so popular as a children's story (and even toys!) when it's actually about a god destroying the world and cruelly drowing tons of people (babies included) and animals (except fish)?
What are some of the best novels that deal with the themes of moral ambiguity?
Where can I get a copy of science fiction writer Connie Willis' story "At the Rialto"?
How can science fiction literature be classified over each decade starting from the '30s up to now?
What are some overhyped novels other than Twilight?
What is a book that you might not usually recommend (due to subject matter, reading difficulty, etc.) but that would be great for a book club?
What is the most famous literary description of Fjords in Norway?
Big Hero 6 (2014 movie): Where is San Fransokyo?
Would you consider JK Rowling a good children's book writer?
What was the inspiration behind Shangri La in James Hilton's "Lost Horizon"?
What are some good P.G Wodehouse books, excluding the Jeeves and Psmith ones?
What are some examples of foils that were more memorable than antagonists?
Which novels have the strongest male protagonist?
What are the best books or text books about modern literature and literary theory?
What are some of the most innovative recent science fiction novels?
What did William Faulkner mean when he said, "The past is not dead. It's not even past."?
Literature of the United States of America: What is "hysterical realism"?
Literary Fiction: How has the nature of the novel changed since the middle of the last century?
If there was a real Batman/Superman, would we consider him an outlaw and a bad person?
How likely is it that the "Pulp! The Classics" approach will attract more readers to great classic fiction?
Who has been the greatest detective?
Which creative geniuses from the last two centuries abstained from all forms of substance abuse?
Why isn't science fiction literature taken more seriously?
I am writing a novel and facing a block regarding conclusion, give suggestions pls?.
What are some deep and satisfying literary audiobooks that are not depressing?
What lines can I use to convince someone that I read "The Hitchhiker Guide to the Galaxy"?
Do Kavalier and Clay continue to work together following the resolution of the novel?
In the book, what's the deal with Lucy Mancini's subplot?
Which novels describe well the challenges and the process of leadership?
What are some classic fiction novels of the 20th century?
In fiction writing, how do you get the right voice for characters who are obviously not English speaking?
What books are in every president's library? What books do you think every president has read or should read?
Literary Fiction: What's the thought process behind writing detective stories?
What are some ways to make people sympathize with an unlikeable, flawed protagonist?
Why are many English novels named after their main character while Chinese novels rarely are?
What are some famous literary manifestos?
Does every story contain a moral?
I have written a novel and want to publish it. What are the points to consider while negotiating with literary agents or publishers?
How would you differentiate between a planet and a city in science-space fiction stories?
What are some of the best last lines from books?
What are some classic examples of moral dilemmas from movies, literary fiction or history?
What book(s) should I pick up and read?
Literary Fiction: What's the most heartbreaking novel you've ever read?
What is so great about Jonathan Franzen?
Does Daisy love Gatsby?
What are the best examples of horrible dialogue in modern literature?
How can we teach culture through literature and in which books, novels, poems, plays and essays we get a glimpse of respective culture?
What works of fiction have caused a huge culture shift?
Why are fictional depictions of expansive empty blank white landscapes/spaces so popular and what are some good examples?
What are some of the memorable moments or examples where paraphrasing a previous statement made a huge difference?
Why do people hate literary fiction?
Which are some of the best books on German history?
Who are some of the most evil child characters of all time?
Short Stories: How exactly did you feel after reading Nate, the snake?
Is it weird for a 19 year old boy to love works written by female authors?
What would make a fictional character be an elitist even though his family amassed wealth by robbing people? Would the following be a good justification? What other justifications would come to your mind, I am writing a story?
What are some of the best cerebral fiction books?
Which one do you like? Reading the entire book collection or watching the entire movie collection? Why?
How did writer Iain Banks contribute to the science fiction genre?
What are some life changing works of literature?
What are the current literary trends in Mexico?
What was Ernest Hemingway's progression as a writer like?
What are your favourite French books?
Why do the current Young Adult Fiction writers so overwhelmingly cater to female readers?
What are some must read Russian Literature works?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: What is the meaning of the last scene in Paul Auster's <Invisible>?
Who are the Boo Radleys of today?
What fictitious character represents the 20th Century the best?
Is proposing a hypothesis as a fictional book a good idea? If so, how?
Who are the greatest female characters and why?
What kind of animal is Ponto in Edgar Allan Poe's Landor's Cottage? Dog or horse?
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite fictional book, who would it be, and why?
Are novels more respected than short stories? If so, why?
What are some novels whose plots involve a game of chess?
Literary Fiction: What are your favorite novels or short stories set in or around the city of Boston?
What do you like about Italo Calvino's fiction? What's so great about it?
In "The Things They Carried," the author admits to not telling the exact truth in his stories: does this matter?
Which literature i should go for if i am preparing for CAT?
Is Dan Brown's Inferno as controversial as his previous writings?
Who are some YA authors that everyone should read?
How would one go about reinventing the novel today as a literary form in a deep way?
What fictional character would make a great startup advisor?
In fiction, how do you make the end difficult to guess?
Double meanings -- what novel had a main character in it  that really was a symbol for something else (like a social issue)?
In the Hemingway story The Three Day Blow what's the meaning of the line "But we've got pretty good dope for being so far away?" Is "dope" referring to "news?"
Should the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction now be open to non-American writers?
What is the significance of literary fiction (compared with journalism, film, song lyrics)?
How will Tom Clancy be remembered by the literary community?
What is meant by the romantic hero figure?
Who are some interesting Brazilian science fiction writers?
Why don't they have electricity in Hogwarts?
Who are some of the coolest vampires in fiction?
Literary Fiction: Is there any  basis to "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" story?
Is the universe imagined in the Mass Effect series comparable to that of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings?
What does the phrase "creative differences" really mean in entertainment?
Literary Fiction: Was Sherlock Holmes real?
What is the common word that doesn't strike you at the time of need?
Literary Fiction: What is the name of the book about a girl in a mental hospital...
Why were many of the critically acclaimed, award-winning books initially rejected by publishers?
While some references state that Vandhiyathevan of Ponniyin Selvan Fame is clearly a fictional character, some of the pages, including Wikipedia state that Vandhiyathevan was very much a realistic character who married Kundhavai. Which is correct?
What makes Tyrion Lannister such a compelling character?
What do atheists think of Tolkien, and fantasy in general?
In your opinion, who among the current authors will be remembered and talked about 200-400 years from now?
What are some short and preferably significant, classic fiction works?
What is the most frustrating part of the writing process?
How do I suppress an addiction to fictional stories/tales?
Which is your favourite couplet?
What are your favourite literary fiction books published so far in 2013?
I am looking for a new book which is worth reading. It may be fictional/non-fictional/motivational. Any good book that you have read and would like to recommend?
Which fictional character has the highest net worth in the real world?
Literary Fiction: Should Ashwin Sanghi be regarded as the Indian Dan Brown?
How many people have created fictional languages in novels, movies and stuff?
What are the better ways to read novels(fiction) faster?
What are some of the best quotes about the power of stories and story-telling?
Who are some great contemporary fiction writers in their 20s?
How do mermaids reproduce?
Is there any good writing where the narrator is someone the reader would hate?
Who are some of the best fictional characters and why?
What are ways to avoid "information dumps" when writing the first chapter of a book?
Who are the greatest writers to never have won the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Do you have the same name as any fictional characters?
What are possible structures for a short story?
What is some fictional literature treating the theme of climate change?
Why is Satanic Verses banned, considering it's a work of fiction?
What fictional character would you like to be and why?
Which past winning or overlooked passage is deserving of a Literary Review's Bad Sex in Fiction award?
What maketh you smile?
What are some novels that left you with a sense of inner peace?
What are some examples of anachronisms in highly successful works of art, films, or literature?
Erotica: Should erotic fiction be illegal?
What are some instances when historians and anthropologists have made use of the statement, " [t] he past is a foreign country: they do things differently there"?
What are some of the vastest and/or most beautiful worlds you have met through literature?
What are the most iconic book covers of all time?
Who are some fiction writers making good use of the internet to promote themselves?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the greatest chapters in the history of the novel?
Who is your favourite literary character? Why?
I am 24, should I follow the gut that tells me to dedicate my life to writing fiction, despite how precarious such a choice may be?
Who is the most memorable book character of the 20th century?
What are some good maritime or sea adventure novels?
Who are the greatest literary fiction writers under 35 in 2012?
What are some examples of authors whose most famous books aren't their best ones (or their masterpieces)?
Name any blogs or websites that increases our creativity in writing a good story in English launguage?
Who are the most memorable literary characters of the 19th century?
If you could change the ending of a novel, which one would you choose and why?
What are some classic works of queer literature?
Are there more fiction or nonfiction books published each year?
What are some elements in Harry Potter which seem unoriginal/are plagiarized?
What are the best fiction books where somebody is marooned or crash lands and has to survive alone?
What does Miss Havisham represent in Great Expectations by Charles Dickens?
What are the best first person narratives that you have read?
Are there any cultures that don't have fairy tales?
Name of fiction short story where the main character is sued by a company that provided him with nearly half of his body prosthetics...?
Which books formed your views?
Are semi-autobiographical books worth writing?
What kind of science fiction do you wish there was more of in literary fiction?
Literary Fiction: What are famous stories (books/movies) that are just Shakespeare derivatives?
Why do we love to discuss books, tv shows, or any other work of fiction with others when we know these events are fake?
What are the best novels set during the period of the Black Death?
Literary Fiction: What are "must-read" books in American Literature?
Is there any good English/British literature to recommend? I've read Alan Sillitoe's Saturday Night Sunday Morning, I like the British humor and values seen by the main character. Wondering if there's novel that is grounded, delicate, and inspiring?
Who is the greatest fictional character of all time and why?
In the Great Gatsby book, what illusion is created by Gatsby´s smile?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the best analogies found in literature works or books?
How similar is North Korea to George Orwells' novel 1984?
Does Hamlet have dystopic elements? If so, what are some examples?
Badass: Who is the biggest fictional bad-ass of all time?
Who are some of the most likeable child characters of all time?
Which fiction writers / poets have good blogs?
Literary Fiction: What classic novel(s) do you find most relevant or relatable to your own life? Why?
What is the most heartbreaking story ever told? Fiction or non of any format.
Which is the best available English translation of Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis?
Who are some of the greatest contemporary weird-genre authors?
What is the best novel ever written by Jeffrey Archer?
What are the best works based on Greek mythology?
Is there too much "negative space" in modern fiction?
What novels or films feature messianic figures, or characters with great vision or ambition almost bordering on the messianic?
Hamlet (play): What does "To be or not to be" mean to you?
What existing works have had influences on the Harry Potter series, and how?
Literary Fiction: How do I find professional reviewers for my new novel?
What is the meaning of the phrase "the vast amount of tea people seem to drink"?
Who are some similar authors to Matthew Reilly, James Rollin?
What is your opinion about Bernard Shaw's dream of  language reform in English (kaos in ce klasrum) ?
What is the difference between Harry Potter magic and magics from other fictional(it is fiction because I'm a muggle) worlds?
Which are the best religious fiction books by Indian authors?
Which novel/article/short story do you feel is the most comical or satirical piece of writing in English?
What are the best American road trip novels?
What are some good fiction novels with feminism as a theme?
What is the most profound metaphor you know?
What fictional character(s) do you most resemble?
What are the three must read books by Tom Clancy?
What are the most controversial books of all time?
If don't read Portuguese, should I read José Saramago's books in Spanish or English?
Literary Fiction: Is it worth the while to translate your own novel to self-publish it in Amazon?
Who buys penguin classics and why?
Literary Fiction: Narration or plot, which is more important?
Literary Fiction: What is the most accurate or provocative metaphor for Hope you've ever come across?
What makes 'The Shiva Triology' so exciting to read despite being a mythological story?
Literary Fiction: Why is Philip Roth's novel The Plot Against America so rarely mentioned in discussions of his work?
What is a good literary fiction recommendation for an eighteen year old girl who likes Dan Brown?
What is so great about Machado de Assis (Brazilian author)?
How can a non-writing-related major get literary fiction published?
What are some of the greatest love stories in literary history?
What makes a book "literate"?
Who are the fiction/poetry writers who are in the heights of their careers today who actually have a meaningful impact on society?
Who are some of the most inspirational book characters?
What are the movies and novels that are similar (as in similar in terms of character, plot, setting, etc) to godfather?
Are there any pertinent ways to finish writing your first fiction novel?
What are some must-read short story collections?
The Godfather (1972 movie): Is Vito Corleone a good person?
What is so great about Kazuo Ishiguro?
Who are the most interesting fictional collectors in literature?
What are some examples of "good" fictional mega-corporations?
What are some of the greatest and most intriguing pieces of literature ever crafted?
What is Denis Johnson up to, professionally, in 2012-13?
What is the most disappointing movie adaptation of a novel?
Who would win a fight between Jack Reacher and Spenser?
Where can I find information about the history of dragons in literature? Most of all just a work about dragons which is not a fiction.
What is so great about John Updike?
What are some good contemporary novels that are about, in some sense, american obesity?
What are some short stories that I can read to give me an idea of author's work before diving into a novel?
Which could be the best way/practices/models to Start Up a business based solely on storytelling Intellectual Property?
Ulysses (1922 book): “Is there a more multimedia work than ‘Ulysses’?”
What is Plympton?
I like literary fiction writer's essays but not their fiction...Who else should I read?
Literary Fiction: What has more chances of succeeding? Story ending with a marriage or sweet revenge?
Literary Fiction: Which French author is known for writing mesmerising prose?
Why are most fictional books written by individual authors, rather than by a team of authors?
Literary Fiction: Which is the best short stories collection?
Who is the best written and developed literary character?
What does a close reading of "A Game of Thrones" reveal?
What "The Old Man and the Sea" by Ernest Hemingway teach you?
What is the market (if any) for utopian science fiction? Have any writers attempted this recently?
Which is the best booker prize winning novel ever?
What are the most amazing and iconic gadgets/machines ever to be used in a Movie/TV/Book?
Who are some over re-made characters (and who did them best)?
What are some hilarious passages from classic lit/literary fiction?
Which characters in literature are intelligent and belong to modest social class?
When is the best time to end chapters when writing a novel?
What are some of the best songs and poems about the Taj Mahal?
What are some good literature references/quotations that can be used for a literature club t-shirt?
What are the connections between J.R.R. Tolkien's work and World War One?
What real locations have provided the most  evocative settings for literary works?
Which science fiction stories are most plausible?
What are the worst science fiction movies?
If you could experience a month in the mind of any fictional character, which mind would you choose? Why?
Which science fiction novels transcend the genre to be considered literature?
Snow White: In English, what are the seven dwarves names?
Literary Fiction: Could someone help me in putting together a list of novelists and essayists that have written in their own life one or 2 , or max 3 books?
What are major aspects that must be judged or weighed before one jumps to writing fiction?
Who are some of the most impressive teacher/student or mentor/protegee pair in fiction?
What are some of the best literary works that centre around an INFP protagonist?
How does one simply read Infinite Jest?
Is there any Swiss Literature translated into English?
What are the best gangster fiction novels?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the best novels of 2012?
Who are some of the most affecting teachers in fiction? Why do you think so?
What is so controversial about Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses? Why is it banned in different countries?
Which genre does Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality belong to?
The Catcher in the Rye (1951 book): What makes Holden Caulfield such a compelling character?
Is Jane Eyre a good character?
Why do people like Khaled Hosseini as a writer?
Why is David Foster Wallace important as a literary figure?
What is the plot of "The Sun Also Rises" about?
What is the most frightening book you've read, fiction or otherwise?
What are the motives for a pseudo-autobiographical account?
Is there a bias against female authors in the literary fiction genre?
What are the best online writing courses?
As a fiction writer, how do you get into a character's head?
Do you think that James Potter Series would also attract filmmakers like harry potter?
Literary Fiction: Why didn't Jean Valjean kill himself?
What are the best books (non-fiction or fiction) about the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II?
Which books can  help increase one's writing skills?
Literary Fiction: Which stories/novels deal with rape, specifically how it affects the people around the victim?
Literary Fiction: Who are literature's most interesting muses?
What are the best books and references on the process of writing fiction?
How is literature affected by the mixing of cultures of Mexico and the United States?
What are your favorite examples of great "last laughs"?
Literary Fiction: What are the funniest novels of all time?
What recent books are considered great literature?
What are the three must read books by Alistair Maclean?
Literary Fiction: Should the Shiva Trilogy be made into a TV series or a trio of movies?
What fantasy or science fiction novel(s) would you like to see adapted to a movie or TV series format?
What are the words graduates must know?
What is some of the greatest American Southern literature?
What are the rules to remember on worldbuilding?
What are some good websites to promote the launch of a science fiction novel on kickstarter/indiegogo?
In which order should the leading character in a novel introduce himself?
What literary fiction authors would people be surprised to find out also wrote science fiction?
What are your top 5 Stephen King novels?
Which is more pathetic: Twilight or 50 Shades of Grey? Why?
Has anyone out there read JD Salinger's unpublished novels?
Whom should I approach to write a literary work if I've a story to tell?
What is "negative space" in literary fiction?
What are some interesting literary devices used to tell a story?
What works/authors skirt the line between literary and genre fiction?
If I enjoy the philosophies of Kurt Vonnegut, Doug Adams & Bill Watterson, what other works should I read?
If you had the choice and opportunity, what fictional character from a book, TV series, or movie would you be and why?
Literary Fiction: What's the most beautiful picture a person can paint with words?
Are there any people like Lisbeth Salander (fiction and otherwise) who have constructively used their ability to read complex patterns (asperger's syndrome)?
What are the greatest military fiction novels?
Philip Roth (author): What links the novels American Pastoral, I Married a Communist and Human Stain?
Literary Fiction: What is the best name for the male protagonist of a sci-fi novel?
In literature, why is melancholy and death often considered noble and romantic?
Creative Works of Fiction...Have you read a book inside a book, could you recommend it to me - by providing its name?
Literary Fiction: Who do you think are some of the sexiest men written in literature?
Would you read literary works written by those who have low moral standards?
Why is Lord of The Rings still so popular?
Why is the long-awaited sequel for Stephen King's The Shining entitled Dr. Sleep?
What are great contemporary experimental novels, or other type of literary work?
Does Life of Pi make you believe in God?
Can someone illustrate how Bartimaeus looked like?
What fictional book would you most like to live out?
What are some of the funniest plays ever written in English?
Why is Angle of Repose considered a seminal work of American fiction?
Why do people care so much about how faithful a movie adaptation is to its book?
What is unique about David Foster Wallace's writing style?
Literary Fiction: What genres of books were popular with juveniles around 1900?
What other (preferably contemporary) novels do you recommend to a fan of the works of Oscar Wilde?
I read non-fiction voraciously but want to read some more fiction. What novels could you recommend most highly?
What are some incredibly well written pieces about death, facing death, "cheating" death, etc...?
What is the best music to listen to while you write?
Roberto Bolaño: What are some things I might not know about "By Night in Chile"?
How did Jane Austen enter our literary canon?
Literary Fiction: Can you suggest some new writers for my reading list?  I'm fond of  Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Steinbeck and Updike.
Is The Hunger Games the modern equivalent of Brave New World or Nineteen Eighty-Four?
Literary Fiction: Is there a name for the style of writing such as Jennifer Egan's A Visit from the Goon Squad or Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette, where author combines the narrative with e-mail exchange, charts, and other different kinds of prose?
What is the difference between anthropomorphism and personification?
How much does The New Yorker pay for features?
What's the best music to write fiction to?
What are the best ten opening lines in mystery fiction?
Are there definitive/proto-novellas in the literary fantastika genre?
Literature:  What are some good recent works of fiction that deal with the topics of sex, love and science --in some combination: that would be appropriate to teach in a college lit class?
What novels have the most creative and original worldbuilding?
What are some of the most memorable deaths in literary fiction?
What is the meaning of Jonathan Livingston Seagull?
Are gamers at all interested in literary fiction about them?
Literary Fiction: Which are the best James Hadley Chase Novels and Short Stories in terms of plot and sub plots?
Irish Literature: Which Maeve Binchy novel is a good choice to read first?
Who are some of the most intelligent characters in literary history?
Are there any well-regarded, epic-length novels written by female authors (besides Ayn Rand)?
Is it possible for someone to have super genius cognizance like Sherlock Holmes?
Why does literature portray business as bad or evil?
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884 book): Would Tom Sawyer have tried to free Jim if Jim hadn't already been legally freed?
Is Stephen Hero worth reading?
What are some good novels (or non-fiction narrative works) about World War I flying aces?
What books have the most wisdom on love?
What are good, recent Argentine novels to help me learn the language and culture while I am in Argentina?
What is Lydia Davis' finest short story?
What are the best novels/short stories written in the style of a letter or an email to someone?
How are the gods portrayed in Greek Literature? What is the relationship between the gods and men in the movies? What roles do the gods play in human life?
How has the disruption of the publishing industry impacted your life and your work as literary authors?
What makes Proust a neuroscientist?
What are some movies or novels that feature gifted individuals isolated from or misunderstood by society?
When, if ever, is a landmark literary work rendered obsolete?
Is Oprah's Book Club a fundamentally reactionary middlebrow movement trying to coöpt the avant-garde?
What are typical revenue shares for authors of novels or stage plays, and how are they calculated?
What is the best quotation from fiction?
Why is Witold Gombrowicz so important in 20th Century literature?
Is Ayn Rand considered a feminist?
What did Gustave Flaubert mean when he said, "Madame Bovary, c'est moi."?
Why is the Hindu pantheon consistently missing from Gaiman's work?
What are some websites that connect authors with beta-readers?
Storytelling: What fictional character has the most interesting fatal weakness?
Who are the most interesting minor characters in literature?
What are some good alternative children's story collections?
What are some good books to read if you plan on majoring in English Literature?
Mystery Novels: What are some clichéd items detectives find as clues in literature?
What are the best resources about storytelling?
What are some evocative symbolic objects and motifs in literature and movies/TV?
If I had 6 months before I died, what one book from every genre should I read so that I don't miss out on anything really worth reading?
Are inaccurate portrayals of science in popular fiction, literature, and films helpful or harmful to science as a whole?
How does one promote a young adult urban fantasy novel?
Which of the characters is Jeffrey Eugenides most similar to in his book The Marriage Plot?
Literary Fiction: How common is the theme of "don't look back" in mythology or literature?
What is the nature of Literary Criticism?
What would be the best imagined status update for a literary character?
Who are the greatest English literary translators?
Who are some of the most morally complex villains?
Do fiction writers typically want others to continue using their settings, ideas, or characters after their deaths?
What are some of the greatest fables of all time?
Where are the latest short stories online?
To Kill a Mockingbird (1960 book): Does Boo Radley have psychological/mental health/emotional issues, or is he just an odd recluse?
What are some great gay-themed novels?
Who are some of the most controversial writers of all time?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of the poems and literary quotes cited by Jeeves in the works of P.G Wodehouse?
What works of literature have a question as the first or last sentence?
Literary Fiction: Can a play be written well enough to be considered literature?
What did Oscar Wilde mean when he said "All art is quite useless"?
What makes a great novel?
How do different authors deal with personal pronoun repetition in English?
What are the advantages of writing fiction in the present tense?
What was the name of the novel whose story was as follows?
Which Quorans are native English speakers but fluent in German?
What characters in literature and film are pompous windbags?
Did Bolano revise a lot?
What is the process of writing a romantic fictional novel?
Could you be sued for writing a novel that mirrors another novel as a "homage"?
Why isn't something like Twilight or Harry Potter considered literature?
When was the phrase "cog in the machine" first used to describe human labor?
What are the best, must-read literary essays of the last fifty years?
Literary Fiction: What is the best English translation of Madame Bovary?
What are some novels dealing with guilt?
What are some of the worst metaphors/similes in famous pieces of  fiction?
Where can I find a collection of Grimms Brothers Fairy Tales in their original form?
What are some examples of classic novels with very little dialogue?
Literary Fiction: What are the most difficult English language books to read?
Which literary works employ deliberately deceptive narrators?
What is the best long sentence in an English language work of fiction?
Do readers adopt personality traits of fictional characters they identify with?
What are the best novels (especially audiobooks of those works) set during the U.S. Civil War?
Why do adults like books intended for adolescents?
What are the best fiction books of 2011?
What makes free verse different from prose?
What would be the characteristics of a reaction against literary postmodernism?
What is your list of must-read fiction books?
What are the most powerful and insightful short stories that you have read?
How could two women trap a peeping tom in 1964 on a ranch in OK?
Who are some of the most memorable tragic figures, either in fiction, movies or in real life? Why?
What novels have been most influential, socially?
Where can I find a detailed, well written account of life in Germany for Germans immediately after World War II?
What books have the best teaching on compassion?
Other than the three-act and the Hollywood formula, what are some story structures that can be used in long fiction?
Who is the best fictional manager in your view?
Do modern writers use the Internet to "test drive" their characters?
Are there any good historical novels set at the time of the American Revolution?
Which stories or movies defy logic yet are still very successful/popular?
What are the best post-apocalyptic novels?
What are some of the greatest depictions of feminine cruelty/evil in the arts?
What short story should I use for my English project?
What books did you rediscover as you got older, i.e. found some some depth and meaning in them that you didn't see before?
What novels begin with a dialogue?
Is there a "best" English translation of Emile Zola's The Belly of Paris (The Fat and the Thin / Ventre de Paris)?
Who are/were some great writers who were not published until they were at least 26 years old?
Do fewer people read contemporary fiction? If so, why?
What are some famous novels or movies featuring angels? What kind of themes do they discuss?
Should biographical information of the author be used when analyzing literature?
What is the greatest fictional city?
Where did the inspiration for "Falling Down the Rabbit Hole" come from?
In literature and film the quest for the magic power (or in effect superpower status) is seen as immoral.  Why do we see it as immoral in literature and film, but as moral in real life?
What are some examples of foils that were more memorable than the main character?
Which novels can be read over and over again?
George R. R. Martin (author): Are the Dunk and Egg novellas any good/worth reading?
What are some of the reasons that a person reads a book more than once? and what are some books that should be read more than once ?
What are some of the great friendships between writers in literary history?
Which movies deal  with how someone's conscience is affected after committing an act of violence?
How do these unorthodox submission guidelines read?
Should flash fiction contain a conflict? If so, what types of conflicts work well with flash fiction?
What are some American novels that portray or discuss the effects of technology on formal education?
Literature of the United States of America: What do you think the importance is of A. Fortiori in Catch-22?
What would it take to get more people blogging short stories?
How much overlap is there between fans of literary fiction and fans of science fiction?
What was the most important year in the history of literary fiction?
What superhero is a psychologist?
Culturally speaking, what was the best year of the 20th century?
Does reading a Haruki Murakami novel in its native Japanese add an extra dimension of meaning that is absent from translations?
Which authors are the greatest in erotic literature?
What books published since 1950 will still be well known and widely read in the year 2212?
What novels were once considered masterpieces but have since fallen from favor?
What recent science fiction books are believed to be the most accurate portrayal of the future?
How did Roberto Bolaño go about editing "The Savage Detectives"?
What are the most enjoyable popular modern fiction books, other than The Hunger Games trilogy and Harry Potter (creative franchise)?
Is much of literary analysis about insights into an author's work that the author did not even intend?
Who are the greatest writers to have come out of MFA programs?
What are some examples of men as muses throughout literary history?
What are the best avant garde novels, and why?
What are the most accessible poems of all time?
What is the main idea of Things Fall Apart? What is Chinua Achebe trying to prove?
What are some works of literature in which the protagonist contemplates committing suicide, but does not follow through?
Are there any novels even loosely relating to anti-consumerism either written by an Australian, or in an Australian context?
Why don't literary journals and magazines,  especially those specializing in poetry and microprose, feature much audio on their websites?
Which genre fiction of today will be considered literary fiction in 100 years?
What are the steps to writing a mystery novel?
What's the hardest part of writing fiction?
Are there any good novels about poets?
Who are the greatest writers who did not attend MFA programs, or who dropped out of MFA programs?
Are there any "language teaching novels" that start with a very small vocabulary and gradually introduce new words as the novel progresses?
What are some of the great rivalries in literary history?
What literary works conventionally considered outside the canon of great works are so good that I should go out and read them immediately?
Literary Fiction: What does it feel like to be an influencer on the internet lit scene?
What are the most interesting novels written by authors who have won the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Fantasy (genre): Does Jasper Fforde have any fans here?
What are some prestigious literary novels that illuminate the family lives of NASA scientists?
Is there a database of the names of fictional characters from books, television and film?
Which Philosophers have the most interesting approaches to describing the nature of Fiction?
How might we introject Psy Z Hundredthoughts, with common thought?
What were the cultural disappointments of 2011?
What are some of the greatest contemporary novels? 
Is "literary fiction" a genre (like science fiction arguably is) or a statement of quality across all genres?
What are the ten best literary fiction books written in the past ten years?
What was the meaning of the phrase "The Perfect Taco" and its significance in Tom Robbins' book Jitterbug Perfume?
Are there any global rules or policies that determine how an author of fiction may weave in public figures in the story line?
Literary Fiction: What "facts" mentioned in 'The Krishna Key' by Ashwin Sanghi are actually true?
Why does Voltaire make Cunegonde ugly at the end of his book Candide?
Has anyone written (or thought of writing) a screen play based on the book Einstein's Dreams?
What fictional books, other than "To Kill A Mockingbird"  best capture the spirit of Alabama?
What would Dostoevsky have thought of Bolaño's work?
Can an illiterate person become a literery icon?
Which myths, events from history, or current events would make for an interesting plot-line for a novel?
What is the best book by Vladimir Nabokov, aside from Lolita?
Which successful stories/movies are so well constructed that nobody has ever found even a 'hole' in the stories?
What are your favorite scenes from Catch-22?
What are the best, must-read literary essays of the last two hundred years?
Will audio books ever be as relevant as print?
When was humor first introduced in literature?
Was Sherlock Holmes a misogynist?
How realistic were the characters and lifestyle in Less Than Zero?
Literary Fiction: What happens to Ilana in the bath tub at the end of "Closing the Sea?"
What is meant by the phrase "cannibal tracks" in the novel Angle of Repose by Wallace Stegner?
A friend asked me for feedback on his creative writing and I don't read fiction in general so I'm probably not the best person to ask but I thought it was awful. What should I say?
What motivates you to write fiction?
What novels are about the course of a family's history over several generations?
What are some other books like The Sabbatical by Frederick Pinto?
In the book God's Debris, Scott Adams says he has used many techniques to make the reader believe many of the arguments made in the book. What are those techniques/methods/writing style?
Are there books that you think would have been dangerous to read as a child?
What does "literary fiction" mean today?
Has any work of literature affected a nation's policy?
What are examples of dense, fantastical literary works that were translated to the screen in Hollywood?
What famous literary work contains a line like, "from an early age, I have been sure that I have received thoughts and memories not intended for myself"?
What is the process of coming up with a plotline in fiction like?
What would be a good plot for a language teaching novel that starts with a very small vocabulary and gradually introduces words as the novel progresses?
Why did David Foster Wallace choose to go to University of Arizona for an MFA?
Patrick O'Brian: Should the Aubrey/Maturin series be considered "mere" genre fiction or Literature?
What fiction book changed your life?
What are some examples of a novel where the protagonist goes through a transformation that makes him the villain?
What has Roberto Bolano written or said about Harold Bloom?
Which author earns the most profit per page written?
Who are the ten best living novelists?
What are the best non-fiction books on the history of the novel?
What are the best fiction and short story blogs on Blogger?
What are some cool, unique story-lines?
What are some excellent pieces of flash fiction?
What are the funniest lines from Catch-22?
What are some book imprints like Angry Robot that "genre mash"?
What are some of the more intellectually challenging novels?
What fictional character from novels do you most identify with and why?
What are some good Roberto Bolano videos available online?
What alternate endings could you imagine to The Great Gatsby?
What ghost story book scared you most, and how does it so?
Today is the 200th anniversary of Charles Dickens' birth - what current authors will be celebrated in 2212?
In what order should I read the Poirot novels?
What are some good ways for a fiction reader to get to know a character?
Has Quora appeared in any works of fiction?
Can Fantasy Crime Fiction be really good?
How did Sirius Black escape from Azkaban?
What is some of the most interesting stuff that has been written about Satan as a concept or character, or as portrayed in movies?
Which single work of fiction do you think has had the most positive impact on the world?
Which 20th century novel has been the most influential in shaping mindsets and changing lives?
What could be possible endings for The Shiva Trilogy?
Literary Fiction: What is the significance of the Tiger in Jonathan Lethem's Chronic City?
What is the best literature work on envy?
Who are the some of the best African fiction writers?
What are some great high-concept "literary" books?
Literary Fiction: Who are some of the worst couples in otherwise good literature?
How do the writing factories of best-selling fiction authors operate?
What might you gain or lose by reading a book over a very short span of time?
Does a great work of fiction require a moral centre?
How can I become a part of the Internet lit scene?
Storytelling: What fictional character from literature, television or cinema is considered the epitome of enthusiasm?
What role does the modern novel have to play in the egalitarian publishing age of the Internet? How does it differ from other forms of storytelling?
What are some of the greatest literary fiction book covers  of all time?
Culturally speaking, what has been the best year of the 21st Century so far?
Literary Fiction: Why haven't Duolingo's lesson sentences been specifically written to collectively form a short story/novel to encourage people to do more lessons?
What is literary theory and criticism?
What are some reasons for favouring fiction over non-fiction?
What are some great or famous novels that were written very quickly?
How difficult would it be to fake the prose of acclaimed authors of great literary 'value' and release an apocryphal novel in their name?
Who have been some artists whose art was completely different from what their contemporaries were doing?
When and where have time travel stories been told other than 20th century Western science fiction?
What is your favorite novel on the topic of existentialism? Why?
What are the best novels that deal with the issue of slavery?
What are some plots that deal with characters approaching godhood? (Apotheosis)
What is the law regarding featuring real people or companies in pieces of fiction?
Who are some of the most iconic female antagonists in works of fiction?
What features of European Medieval literature (stories) distinguish it as being meant primarily for oral consumption (listening) versus reading?
What literary movement or style is most likely to define the present day in years to come?
Would Darcy really have been that redeemable considering his severe condescending attitude at the beginning of the novel?
What aspects of the novel "The Mothman Prophecies" by John Keel are non-fiction?
What is J.K. Rowling's new book?
Which works of modern literary fiction feature journalist or photojournalist protagonist?
Who are some famous figures in Arabic literature?
What actresses should be cast to play Sheila and Margaux if Sheila Heti's 2012 novel "How Should A Person Be" were made into a movie?
Writing Fiction: How hard is it for an amateur author to make money in the ebook and novellette business?
Why is the ending of Brave New World so abrupt?
What novels, written by a male author, have an authentic female "voice"?
If Sherlock Holmes was a criminal, would he have been capable of committing a perfect crime?
Is it ok to use the name of government agencies in fictional work?
What are the basic plots/stories/tropes that recur throughout movies and books?
What are essential stories, fictions, and historical readings that involve carnivals and circuses?
What are the properties that make good fiction so engaging, and why?
Are there any non-fiction or fiction stories of an Indian, born and raised in India, who has a spiritual journey in the United States?
What are some good places in the New York City area to read from my forthcoming book this summer?
Who are the greatest Indonesian/English translators for fiction?
Who is the most interesting literary critic?
How did Franz Kafka influence 20th century literature?
What are some reasons for favouring non-fiction over fiction?
What authors offer the best dialogue sequences in their narratives?
What are the biggest differences between the first and final drafts of works of fiction?
Is there a literary or movie genre around the what I call 'self-aware story'?
What writers displayed exceptional style but offered little to no interesting substance in their work?
What has Harold Bloom said or written about Roberto Bolano?
What are some of the best quotes from Frank Herbert's Dune series?
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD): What is the best thing written (fiction, non-fiction, poetry, etc) about World War I soldiers who suffered from P.T.S.D.?
What is Don DeLillo's Cosmopolis really about?
Is Bella from the Twilight series a good role model for teenage girls? Or does she send the message that girls can only be cool if they self loathe and have sex with a corpse?
What is the difference between literary fiction, fiction and novels?
What books should everyone have on their shelf in order to create the impression they are an intellectual?
Has anyone solved the central mystery in Roberto Bolano's 2666?
Is a subscription to McSweeney's Quarterly worth the money?
How do you write a good fictional sex scene?
Who are the best literary agents for a literary fiction writer in NY?
Literary Fiction: What are some great coming-of-age books for a high-school senior to read?
Why doesn't Cormac McCarthy use quotation marks when writing dialogue?
Which real person is "W." from Lars Iyer's Spurious trilogy based off?
How can "writing your novel in a month" be made to work for literary fiction?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What did Wodehouse actually mean by writing this about Jeeves: “The man’s a genius. From the collar upward he stands alone.”? What's with the collar?
Do you know some literary synonyms for “sad”?
What makes for a great literary hook, e.g., an opening to a book that draws the reader in?
What are literature and fiction?
What are some good techniques or guidelines for writing dark fiction?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
Will Sci-Fi be considered Realistic Fiction once we have the technology, in the future?
Would this story make a good movie?
What writing prompts would you like to offer for aspiring writers of fictional short stories?
Why most fiction works are published as series?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
What are some of the best online literary groups?
What is the novel Five Generations Hence about and also in regards to the concept of utopianism?
What is the single best insight did you get from a book?
Will authors of comics like “xkcd”, “Cyanide and Happiness” ever be considered for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
How is a (long) story developed?
What fiction books should I read?
What is the finest army in the Galaxy according to different works of fiction?
Who is the main character of Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow?
What are some well known examples of literary motif?
How do we read a literary Work?
What are your favorite crime fiction novels?
Is it good or bad for a fiction writer to use a thesaurus when he is writing his fiction? Why?
What are the literary elements in Psalm and Proverbs?
What are some tips to answer questions from fiction?
What is a literary aspect? How is it used?
Who is more famous in the history of English literacy, Daniel Defoe or Jonathan Swift?
I have fifteen minutes to read any Harry Potter passage to a group of adults, none of whom have ever read the books. What passage do I read?
What are some science fiction ideas get from ancient books?
Who are some lesser known but important literary novel, short story and comic book writers of the 20th Century?
What is the hidden meaning behind "Poison" by Dahl?
What are some good sci-fi novels like The Martian or Red Rising?
How do you spot literary theories?
What is Marisha?
Who do you feel would be the best additional POV character in ASOIAF?
What works of contemporary fiction have deep psychological undertones?
What are two important literary sources of Mauryan History?
What are the best books on persuasion and negotiations in literary fiction?
How can you prepare now, in class 8, to become a scientist in the DRDO?
Can a novel be written in a way that would specifically encourage multiple enjoyable rereadings?
In literature, what is interpretive fiction?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
What is the difference between Alanis Morissette irony and literary irony?
Can anybody suggest me some good romantic novels in English?
Is dirty realism considered as a threat to literary ethics?
Did I write a good paragraph?
What are some stories on dark fiction?
What are the most interesting depictions of Asgard or Valhalla in modern fiction?
Why do some adults like YA fiction? There are some really trashy writing in that genre.
What literary works figure redemption prominently?
When I'm narrating a fictional story, should I describe all the settings in the story itself, and what should I avoid?
I’m trying to remember a book where a character's version of heaven is reliving the same perfect day (without fully realizing that she's reliving it)?
How do I become knowledgeable and interesting?
How do you get through a book in one day?
Which power factor is preferred leading or lagging?
Andy Weir: Does Science Fiction have to be about superheroes or apocalyptic scenarios? Why not the life of a normal scientist like legal fiction?
How can I write flash fiction?
Which literary characters are the best models of social skill?
How much does a book writer earn in India?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
Why do we read realistic fiction? How does it affect our behavior?
Is the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction a good indicator of literary quality?
What fiction realistically portrays future war?
Is the portrayal of corruption at all levels in the Millennium book trilogy accurate?
What is your favorite literary trail?
What are some some good literary fiction based on current geo political realities?
What is fiction?
Who are some female curmudgeonly characters in fiction?
Is fiction as a genre actually useless?
What are some good examples of real life and fictional conflict to learn from for good storytelling?
Are there good fiction works that explore the stage of moving to retirement?
Which novels mislead readers the best?
What are some flash fiction ideas?
Could any body name me any fictional characters in fantasy novels/games/movies who display sociopathic characteristics?
Which is the best Indian publisher for literary fiction?
How did your journey as a fiction writer​ start?
Novelists: Is it possible in today's marketplace to maintain one's anonymity completely, as Thomas Pynchon has and still succeed? Why or why not?
What are the major themes of "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown? How are those themes portrayed in the novel?
What is Durmstrang in Harry Potter?
Is “Killing toddlers is dope” a good thought or a bad thought? Why?
Is the Bible subjective?
What are some hero character that frequently use poison as a method?
Which is the best fiction novel you have ever read?
Which are your favorite short stories or collection of short stories by Indian authors?
Is there a good book on criminal fiction analysis?
What are the best novels to read in 20s?
How do I find good books to read?
What are the next big social issues for popular literary fiction to cover?
What do you think are three of the best duels in fiction?
What are your reasons for loving or admiring William Faulkner?
What's the best book outside of Anglo-American fiction?
In which literary age does Charles Lamb belongs?
What is meant by "slash fiction"?
Andy Weir: What should a good science fiction story must have?
What do you think of this romantic short-film,"The Letter"?
What are the best works of literature?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
What is the criteria for entry into a literary canon?
Can you provide a list of links to Omegaverse stories?
Why and how do so many of Stephen King's novels get converted into movies?
Have authors had problems by including real life conversations in their fiction, despite the "everything is fictional" statement?
Is it possible to hate literary fiction but love literature?
What are some underused fiction ideas?
What is an example of atmosphere in literary terms?
What are the elements of a great villain or "bad guy"?
What book would you recommend if you could reach out to your thirteen-year-old self?
Which are the best pieces of flash fiction that you have heard?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 
What is the most unusual plot in a literary novel?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
Why does the little prince (sort of) kills himself at the end?
What was the impact of The Grapes of Wrath?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
Are there any iconic works of literary criticism in the last thirty years?
Who are the best non fiction literary agents?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
What is your review of Monkey King's 500 Year Sentence in "Journey to the West"?
Are the so called 'serious' literary fictions intellectually void?
Why are there almost no literary works of importance in 300–1200 AD in the Western Canon?
What should I do to become a famous literary critic like Derrida or Foucault?
Is this order of reading A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons recommended? http://boiledleather.com/post/25902554148/a-new-readerfriendly-combined-reading-order-for-a?
What does this passage from Ghostwritten, by David Mitchell mean?
What's the maximum number of pages you should consider for every action scenario in a novel?
Which author created the biggest number of fictional characters?
How do I assure family of success in my life despite poor CBSE XII score? I know I can't match their expect/ns, and the results may well shock them.
Would "Nine princes in Amber" become as recognized and famous if it were published today?
How do I make readers to care about and to feel emotionally attached to my fictional fantasy world?
Has there been any works of fiction that has combined elements of science fiction and fantasy?
Can fiction exist in some sort of another type of ''All-Verse"?
Is the Harry Potter series part of the English Literary Canon?
What good mafia fictional books are available?
How has feminism affected literature and the interpretation of literary works of old?
What are the characteristics of the Western literary canon?
Is characterization through internal monologue bad?
Is reading fiction at night tiring for the brain if during the day I study a lot of hours for university?
Which are the top 10 books by Indian author?
Is there any fiction that should be forbidden?
How much can you forgo in a time lapse?
Who as per you is the most beautiful living writer?
How is the Jewish mythological figure of Lilith depicted in literature?
What famous stories allude to other famous stories?
Who are some of the most famous fictional characters who suffered trauma as a child?
What is the definition of "fiction"?
Andy Weir: Will the discovery of gravitational waves contribute in the evoloution of the new era of science fiction?
What are the most relevant gender differences for writers?
Why is J.K. Rowling considered a genius?
What does it mean that a character has become a caricature of itself?
How do common literary techniques work?
What novel or story best captures the spirit of Texas?
Who are some female protagonists in sagas/classic stories?
Who are the most psychologically strong fictional characters?
Is reading literature a good way to learn about different cultures?
Could you recommend any books about marriage?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
Apart from Animal Farm, do you know any novels where roles are reversed and animals take over the planet, exploiting humans in their turn?
How can you instill a feeling of doom in a work of fiction?
Why is Jose Arcadio Buendia your favourite literary character?
What is the meaning of fictional portrayal?
What are your recommendations for suburban mystery novels?
Why is something non-canon in Star Wars like The Old Republic MMO still allowed to continue by Disney?
What are the difference between a traditional literature and a modern fiction?
What are some examples of books in which there is a villain protagonist and the story is told from first person perspective?
Was Margaery Tyrell actually having sex with someone?
What else does it take for a fiction author to "make it big" besides a good story?
Could Werther have overcome his issues through self-discipline?
Andy Weir: What particularly about science fiction appeals to you?
How would the course of conversation go if Sherlock Holmes were to meet Divyansh Mundra?
What are some of the greatest literary works in regional Indian languages?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
Who is the most heroic fictional character in existence?
What are some of the most impressive and impregnable fortresses ever conceived by fantasy writers?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
What are examples of allegorical fiction?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
Should the notion of a literary and philosophical canon of “great works” be forsaken?
Does classic literature still appeal to youngsters these days?
What is the most awesome name for a character in a work of fiction?
What are some of the best flash fiction?
Which literary works are the best examples of hysterical realism?
Can literary works be interpreted differently?
Is there a fiction story about stress and language?
Which are the most inspiring Hindi poems written by you?
Why is Jack London an important writer?
Is it okay to say that the Bible is your favourite fiction book?
For those who read more than 50 books a year: How do you find and choose good books to read?
Which translations of different classics should be read?
What was the meaning of the ending of The Sympathizer?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
What are some literary magazines in mystery/suspense genre?
When is it a depiction of culture in a work of fiction?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Are we done creating great works of literature?
Is there an example in fiction (literary or cinematic) where deus ex machina was used to positive effect?
How does Game of Thrones end for Daenerys?
I want to read an Elena Ferrante book, what should I start with?
People say George RR Martin writes good stories but he is not a writer of literary fiction; why is this?
Which heroic fantasy universe is the best and why?
Does fiction ever have a political impact?
What are some books that use POV chapters as well as ASOIAF?
What are the most enlightening books of fiction you've read?
Which are some of the best fiction novels?
What do most writers think about J. D. Salinger?
Which are best indian fiction books?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
What are some ideas for names of a fictional artificial intelligence company or robot?
Should a literature student only read literary fiction?
Is '1984' a science fiction or a political fiction masquerading as a science fiction?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
Who was the oldest character who ever lived?
What fiction works make cities essential for the story?
Do libraries put the Bible in fiction or non fiction?
What's your favorite thing to think about?
How did the adage that 'elephants never forget' become famous?
Who is the most tragically screwed over character in fiction?
What are some novels where the protagonist has no memory of his life before?
What is your review of The Fault In Our Stars (2012 book)?
What is the function of a hero in literary fiction?
Which place on Earth is the closest to fantasy fiction of any kind – you name it! – in terms of living conditions, environment and society?
What are some books that were well-written and popular for awhile but are now largely forgotten?
What is a literary contrivance? What are some examples?
What do Indian readers want in fiction?
Is the new Bone series good?
If you could be any fictional character who is the same gender as you who would it be?
How is writing fiction for women different from men?
What are some literary allusions to Kierkegaard in the works of John Updike?
Which is the best book written by Dan Brown and why?
What are the qualities of a tragic hero?
What is bloomsbury revelation?
Where do you think David Foster Wallace's best writing is? I think it may well be in Oblivion and The Pale King; I wonder what others think and why.
When will Littlefinger die?
What literary work you have laughed at in your youth and many years later, as an adult, with the same joy?
What are the benefits of using common names with unusual spellings when naming your characters?
How can I speak to ghosts?
Are literary contests a scam?
What are some examples of "fiction"?
Are there any case of fan shipping non-canon characters that eventually made into canon?
How did Judaism influence and shape theme and style in the works of Franz Kafka?
Are there any good pirate-novels?
Is The Butterfly of the Stars translated into english?
What famous literary characters are known for being "bringers of light"?
How important is a creation myth to a series of high fantasy novels?
Was Snow White Mexican?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
Are old, greek, epic stories considered bad because the main character are Mary Sues and the occasional Deus Ex Machina?
What is your favorite Greek myth?
I loved "Jane Eyre" and "Pride and Prejudice". What book(s) would you recommend that are similar?
What is the difference between "fictional" and "fictitious?"
Why has Hindi literature been abstemious in its exploration of themes?
Does Gauvain from "Ninety-three" by Victor Hugo have his real prototype?
Have you overthought about a fiction or fictional character?
How important is originality in literature?
How much do the main characters personality, belief and idea reflects that of their creator?
What are the literary conventions of horror novels?
What are the most most common, fundamental, and frequently used literary plot inconsistencies and improbable facts that we accept?
Who is the scariest heroic fictional character?
Has any fictional novel been write in an open source format?
What are some iconic lines from books?
What are the best-written and/or most literary science-fiction/fantasy novels?
What are the top 10 deconstruction of fiction to watch or read?
What are some recommendations on books with a female protagonist that do not center around finding or keeping a man?
What killed serialized fiction?
What are some lighthearted books?
If you could pull three fictional characters out of any book, who would it be and why?
How do you write literary fiction ?
In the book Crazy Rich Asians by Kevin Kwan, why does it seem that the characters think about Mainland Chinese in a certain way?
What is the connection between supernatural creatures as characters in literature and the morality value in the real life?
How can I see to it that my fiction works reach far and wide?
What are your thoughts on incorporating religion into fiction?
What are some of the best must read suspense fiction books?
Art of Writing: If you have never ever written anything before, what knowledge do you need to not make rookie mistakes?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Should I read the Gormenghast trilogy?
How can I get better at self-editing my fiction?
What is a foil character in literary fiction?
What are some good books on following your dreams and passion other than “The Alchemist”?
What franchise has the most realistic government reaction to superheroes?
Do you prefer happy or sad endings? Realism or fantasy in your literature?
What are the Popular fiction or paranormal novels?
What are the pros and cons of listening to fiction compared to non fiction via audiobook?
What are some literary examples of villains who are also protagonists?
Which Game of Thrones character has the best chance to survive the series?
Do you think there is a possibility that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World dystopic futuristic world may become real (technology / moral topics)?
I have written a draft for a Novella, can you provide your review for it?
Have modern authors' writing styles been affected by having "watched" so many stories on TV/Film while growing up rather than reading such stories?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
What are some good websites for online fiction?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
Why do musicians who like classical music seem like snobs?
Is it seen as rude for a white person to write a fictional story on slavery?
How fiction and non fiction help the reader respectively?
Would I get sued for basing a fiction story on the work of a dead person?
What are some good fiction books on Indian politics?
Which literary character would you date (both heroes and villians)?
How can I use the Colonial Discourse in Heart of Darkness?
Which should I read first: Don quixote or Phantom of the Opera?
What are some forgotten, no-longer-published books that you think ought to be brought back for the world to see?
What does snow often symbolize in literary fiction or poetry?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Why do Western literary works focus on the emotional collapse of female characters?
What's your feeling about W.S. Maugham’s book, “The Moon and Sixpence” ?
Which book is it that is about a young female protagonist who dies and find herself inside a terrorist's mind?
What are some of the fictional works of the past which came true many years later?
Was Magneto the first fictional character to have control over magnetism?
Are the Macross theatrical release movies considered canon in regards to the animated series?
Why is Gilgamesh treated as a great literary work?
Could GRRM just have forgotten that Sandor didn't kiss Sansa so he lied about the whole Sansa being an untrusted narrator thing?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
What are your favorite books, from the political fiction genre?
How do I write about a Shaman in the 6th Century in England?
Do you think reading can be dangerous? In the sense that it makes you disconnected from the outer world?
Which is the most inspirational Hindi poem written by you on Warriors?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
Can a novel become "required reading" at the high school or college level if one character uses salty language?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
What are the best literary sites to explore in the U.K.?
What is the value of fiction?
Is there dramatic value to telling the fiction reader up front (in the narrative) that the protagonist is going to be doomed by the end of the novel?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
From where can I read same stories written in different ways, angles and points of view?
Why did novelist Nelson Algren choose to write about poor people and criminals?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Why are surnames sometimes omitted in Poe's writings?
What is the climax of a literary work?
Is Of Mice and Men a primary source?
Can Chinese or Indian create similar success storybook of Harry Porter in their own unique characteristic based on their own rich culture, tradition?
What do storms usually symbolize in literary fiction?
Where can I download this novel “" The Almond: The Sexual Awakening of a Muslim Woman”?
Kickstarter: What are the best way to engage potential backers to fund a project?
Why do we accept things in a story but not on Quora? I see a lot of questions posted on Quora asking for "the craziest thing that ever happened"
What is word porn?
What do science fiction authors look for in science fiction books?
What is William Gaddis's literary legacy?
Similar weapons to lightsabers, wands, swords, and knives? 
What type of literature is used in Japanese anime?
Is there a movie adaptation based on "Middlemarch" (George Eliot novel)?
What is your process for naming your characters?
Fellow bookworms: what do you make of William T. Vollmann's *Seven Dreams* series (so far)?
Why do people like science fiction?
Is love real in our world or it's just a fiction?
What literary works critique postmodernism?
Is fiction basically just a bunch of specific examples of philosophy and aphorisms?
How do I refer to aliens in a space opera novel?
Who are the three most archetypal characters in the history of fiction?
What are some of the most imaginative fiction books?
What is the difference between literature and literary study?
Excluding Rhaegar, which Targaryen ancestors does Jon Snow most resemble in terms of personality?
Which writers would you nominate for induction into a pantheon of genre fiction?
What are some calming and funny teen-novels?
What are some common literary techniques?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
What are the steps of a literary appriciation?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What kind of reality we should criticize from fiction movies, especially sci-fi movies, since they are basically just fiction?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What is the use of literature?
What type of character would be the most effective as a vessel in introducing readers to a fictional world?
Do writers tend to write from the perspective of a certain gender in most of their work?
How is it possible that fictional worlds such as LOTR span thousands of years of history but never exceed the technological level of the Middle Ages?
Where can I find online an article about Alfred Bester? Vanishing Stars: A Retrospective Look at The Stars My Destination by Haupt, Arthur Quantum No.42 1992.
What are good questions to ask yourself to develop a convincing villain?
What is your opinion on the works of Enrique Vila-Matas?
What is the best fiction book available on Amazon?
Who is Brad Gooch?
How do we notice our thoughts?
What is the best novel you have ever read about young generation?
What are the best reference works on English literature?
Who is your favourite character from the Gormenghast novels?
Is it OK for me to take a job because I anticipate it'll give me ideas for writing fiction?
How do people find literature in adult fiction?
Who was the last nobody to have fiction published in the New Yorker?
What are the differences among a story, a fable and an anecdote?
What should I speak, as a literary secretary of a school?
Do you agree with Bob Gottlieb, former editor of The New Yorker, that "there are no undiscovered geniuses toiling away in the hinterlands"?
What work of fiction depicts the supernatural creation of the universe akin to how Anne Rice handled it in Memnoch the Devil?
What are some of the best fiction books about WW2?
What are some books about Louisiana Voodoo?
What do you think of "The Road"?
What is the meaning of "modern realistic fiction"?
What word/synonym best represents the sentiment of a "Catch 22" or the phrase “caught between a rock and a hard place”?
What are literary approaches?
What are literary terms?
What is the most interesting symbol in literature?
What are the best realistic fiction books for children?
How would you personally describe "internal monologue" in storytelling and writing? If possible, list some examples that have inspired you.
Can you suggest me some novels that provides the non fictional information fictionally (in form of an interesting story)?
What are some best psychological thriller fiction novel?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
What houses have aligned with Jon at the end of season 6?
Does Vince Gilligan deserve a literature Nobel prize for Breaking Bad?
What are the best novels related to metallurgy?
How would the public react to a fiction book that has justified (not really) terrorism or terrorism that tries to be justified?
What are some books or online resources where writers can learn about structure in literary fiction?
In literary terms, what is a monologue?
Are there any sci-fi novels with the elements of Mass Effect?
Which literary giants were discovery writers?
What is the difference between fiction and fact?
What are some easily available good reads to start my reading journey (novels only, not about philosophy and else)?
Which is the author who writes fictions on history and archaeology like Dan Brown?
What does "general fiction" mean?
Is there an official literary term for healing scenes?
Where can I get all Tamil literary works in Online?
Book 1 of a 4-part book series is quite dark, and lays down the foundation of that universe. In literature, what should be the tone of Book 2?
What are some good fiction books about India?
What is the best Brazilian literary work?
What fan theories you think should have been adapted into their original works?
Is there a recent novel that talks about relationships from an Indian guy's perspective?
What are the best guides for figuring out disguised symbolism in literary fiction?
What if Jackie Kennedy had been shot?
Which fictional character are you most like?
In the eighteenth and nineteenth century, poetry was the most popular form of literature. Why fiction has become more popular than poetry over time?
Is a unappealing to start a mystery novel by showing how the villian is masturbating to news clippings of his crimes?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
Is Pushkin's "Eugene Onegin" an ironical writing; a parody of other texts, literary styles, and character cliches?
Fiction: How do I shut off my filter?
Religio-Philosophically, what did Khalil Gibran, have to say about Truth? And why do you suppose he said it?
What is a literary review?
If a literary work is based on a true story, will it be considered as fiction or non-fiction?
What does it takes to develop a reading habit and what books should I read to develop it?
What are some of the best romance novels?
What is realistic fiction? What are some known realistic fiction writers?
What is the difference between a familiar and a pet?
Can anybody tell me some fiction novels?
What Aussie YA fiction books should I read?
What era in history of Essos (Ghis, Valyria, etc.) corresponds to the Age of Heroes of Westeros?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What is the name of the narrator of "Justine," the first volume of the Alexandrian Quartet by Lawrence Durrell? Is the name ever spoken?
What is the children book name that had child like daddy picture with glasses on the cover page?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
Which literary writers were outliners?
What is the best literary hook?
How is it like to read a chronological novel from back to front?
When will "The Winds of Winter", by George R.R. Martin, be published?
What are some examples of unusual or counter-intuitive, fictional deities/pantheons?
Voltaire bashes on writers unable to write real women because they write their fantasies without experience. What are some Classics with real women?
Are orcs overused in literature and media?
Besides Huei Tlamahuiçoltica, are there any other major literary works in Classical Nahuatl?
In fiction why don't immortal people age?
Which is the best romantic fiction novel you have read?
What are some disturbing examples of "romances" in literature and movies?
Is there a famous character real or fiction who is always in pyjamas?
Can you write about black characters without mentioning race, culture, history or politics?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
Can I use the name of my nonprofit to publish my personal literary works?
When Tywin made his deal with Roose, did he know his lieutenant took Jaime's hand?
What are some elements of realistic fiction? How can they be applied?
Does an author interacting with their fandom always make their Canon more unstable?
How do you read?
What are the most annoying character cliches you know?
How likely is it to convince a person/company who owns an IP to integrate a story you wrote for their universe?
Assuming you are a part of their fictional world, are there any fictional characters whose life you would be willing to save by giving up your own?
What are best short literary pieces written?
Who is the best character created by Shakespeare?
Could you name some important literary books and authors?
Is the Faith of the Seven based on Christianity and the Northern religion (Old Gods) based on Islam?
How do I enjoy books I don't like at first?
Who are Cassian Hall and the TCT Literary Agency?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
Does economics has anything to do with literature and literary theories?
What are the great American novels of the 80's, 90's and 00's?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
How would the novel "Trump Card: Mother of All Espionage" starts?
How are wizards affected by the muggle world in the Harry Potter universe, e.g. what happened during the French Revolution or World War 2?
What are the less heard of literary genres?
What are some of the best classical literary Works that I am supposed to read before I am 20?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
What is it like to be an editor (fiction)?
What literary works relate to Bible very closely?
Are there any Tolkien fan fiction works of high literary quality?
What is your opinion on this story (written expression)?
Do you know of an example of literary fan fiction which is as good as or even better than the original author’s work?
What is the in-between role of Gail Hightower in Light in August? What purpose does it serve in the growth of the novel?
What are the best literary fiction books you've come across?
What are some things/materials/objects from fiction that you would like to see in real life that most people wouldnt think about?
What are some good novels focused on spiders?
What can Jon do to prepare his army for the future wars with Cersei and the white walkers?
What are the best time travel stories ever made?
What are some examples of the 7 elements of fiction?
I created a character and a bunch of people made a fake Wikipedia article stating he killed children. Does this make him being a villain canon?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
Have you read Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry? What did you think of it?
Which is more fictitious, religion or science?
Who is the greatest manipulator in fiction?
What are some of the best non-fiction and fiction books that you have read in 2016?
What are the best books on art of negotiation in literary fiction?
How important is naming in fiction?
What is the best most mindblowing short story that you can write in under 20 minutes?
How is a literary genre modified?
I consider Lolita (Nabokov) and Hitchhiker series (Adams) to be the very best of literary fiction. What books do you think I'd find great?
There was a place called Mahismati in ancient India. Is the story in Bahubali a fiction, or a fiction created around some real incident?
What books can I read up if I want to learn more on philosophy?
Why is Melisandre not in the service of Daenerys?
What is the analysis of Monica Wood's story "Disappearing"?
How do I mindmap a literary work?
Is the list of 5 characters that survive according to GRRM's original plan for ASOIAF still relevant?
What are fiction stories? What are some examples?
Are the visual arts worthier than the literary arts in terms of money?
What is macabre fiction? What are some examples?
Are there any niche book publishing company in Singapore?
If I write a book claiming that I am the messenger from God, would it be capable of creating a new religion after 1400 years?
Who are some of the leading as well as less known post-colonial Indian literary fiction writers (in various Indian languages as well as English)?
How would you create a army of meta powered beings?
Can I think of a better way to live?
Which film industries in India are the best and the worst?
Why do you think Bram Stoker wrote Dracula as an epistolary novel?
Why would anyone learn a fictional language?
Who are the best literary writers today?
What are some of the best lines from your favourite book?
Which was the saddest death in the Harry Potter books?
Has the telepathic, psychokenetic Krell machine from forbidden planet ever appeared in other fiction?
What is a good example of a literary analysis summary?
What villain had the best and most sensible reason to conquer and rule the world?
What are some phenomenal fictional works?
Who is the most well written literary protagonist in your opinion?
Can sharks make noises?
What is Bellovian irony?
What role did the maiden play in The Wife Of Bath Tale's?
Is it proper to include real pictures of places and natural setting in a work of fiction, say a novel?
Why spend effort interpreting a literary work rather than read clear, logical prose explaining the ideas it is meant to convey?
How many people read literary fiction online?
What are the most unheard of English literary techniques?
What is the difference between literary and literally?
Why is Henry Fielding sometimes considered the father of the English novel?
What are fictional characters and how are they developed?
How can an amateur fiction writer learn to compose effortless prose?
What are some examples of fiction books?
What is your favourite literary quote?
What is the art of fiction?
Would Moiraine Damodred, from the Wheel of Time series, play well in the Game of the Thrones, since she was raised in Daes Dae'mar?
What would be considered a literary prodigy?
Is there any difference in naming a novel "Island of …" or "The Island of …"?
Who is the most absurdly powerful character in fiction?
What is meant by a ‘fictional group’?
Which book does the epigraph of James Ellroy's "L.A. Confidential" come from?
What is the difference between theme and motif in the literary work?
Who is the smartest family in Game of Thrones?
What are the best literary criticisms?
Are the Mohammed Mrabet recordings made by Paul Bowles available anywhere digitally?
What are considered the ten ugliest (let’s say “antiquated”)women’s names in 2016?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
How do I make reading my hobby?
Which books had George R. R. Martin possibly read before he started to write A Song of Ice and Fire?
Whose fiction has been translated into the most languages?
In Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less did James have a plan?
What are some great southern gothic novels?
Is Ramayanam fiction or a real story?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
Who do you think was the most powerful muse in literary history?
Who is the best doctor in fiction?
Can anybody please tell me some good novels?
What literary works are essential and taught in primary school?
How can I make the right choice with respect to my job? Be a business Analyst or follow my passion to be writer?
Which book, though not interesting in the beginning had the most amazing ending?
How do I get the most out of reading fiction?
Can vampires control dreams?
What are some examples of a literary response?
Does visual fan art exist of "serious" literary fiction books?
What is literary interpretation?
What is the opening quote for literary association function?
What are some movie phrases/quotes which have become a part of our daily usage?
What is the plot synopsis of The Song of Achilles by Madeline Miller?
Would lit agents work only for prize money?
Matt Gallagher: How can fiction usefully address the civilian-military divide?
What is literary genre?
Is readership of literary fiction declining? If so, why?
What is the best literary festival in the UK?
Who are the best contemporary American erotic writers?
Someone spoiled "And then there were none " by Agatha Christie for me. I really wanted to read the book, but now I'm not sure. What should I do?
Why do some people think Sansa betraying Jon is out of the question just because they're family?
What are some of the best fiction books for kids?
Would it be clarified in the books as to why Lyanna Mormont is ruling in the Bear Islands?
Are there any important fiction writers working today?
Why does fiction matter?
What influence has contemporary and modern Nordic literature had in Europe?
Which are best fiction books from Chile?
Do I need permission to use the name of a real town for my fictional one based on it?
I have a fictional disease I made and I'm looking to the closest real life version there is. Can any of you give suggestions?
In James Hilton's book 'Lost Horizon', why did Shangri-La need people from the outside world?
What are some good hindi philosophical novels?
What are some examples of fiction literature? How is fiction literature different from non fiction literature?
How do I publish my fiction work?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
What are the literary sources of history?
Why does amazon have an option to offer ebook a for free?
Which female fiction character was a good role model?
Did Trump ever write by himself any poetry, song's lyrics or non-political piece of literary fiction?
What would happen without fiction novels?
What is some science fiction on an epic scale like Dune?
What are some of the features that make Pygmalion an important literary work?
What could be an 8th deadly sin?
How can I coin an English term/word which is self expressive in its own sense?
What fictional work has the coolest designs for its space ships?
What are some of the most beautiful literary descriptions of real places?
What do you think about abuse fiction becoming an increasingly popular genre?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
What is a fiction novel with something to say about wisdom?
Who are the high-end literary types on Quora?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
What is Hesse's The Glass Bead Game novel about?
In what ways is Hamlet a monster?
What are fictional characters?
Does Oldtown and the Citadel have a working theory on Mendelian genetics and inheritance?
How can we become the legend of literature?
Which works of contemporary literary fiction are best rated?
What appeal is there to being captured/kidnapped and held hostage by someone who develops feelings for the captive? (fictional example only)
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
Which words were made famous, or originated in, literary pieces (especially famous ones)?
What are the best fan theories you ever heard?
What do you call the genre of fiction with floating islands and flying ships?
How would you describe this eye colour?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
Have you ever read interactive fiction that challenged you to think hard in order to “beat the game”, and was intellectually/emotionally rewarding?
Suddenly, everyone on Earth is given a random fictional object. What happens?
What are some books that would make good movies or tv series?
Which is the second book of Agatha Christie that I should start with?
How does "The Juvie Three" end?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
How would you feel if the things that are no longer canon got pulled and you could no longer get them?
What are some works of fiction that present novel philosophy?
What are some clichés in novels that aggravate you to no end?
How do you distinguish between facts and fiction?
What are the worst 'literary fiction' novels you have read?
What color Ajah would you choose to be, in the Wheel of Time series?
What are the deeper messages in "The Fall" by Albert Camus?
What are your favorite works of fiction?
Does the name Haven Brielle Lenoue sound okay?
Is Mahavarata a true history or it is a fiction?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Did someone ever write a universal history story? I've been looking only to find chronologies. I want a story. Thanks.
Was Donald Trump the kind of youth who would bully Holden Caufield?
How do I make an interesting and mysterious character?
Are there any plans to make Quora Content Review more specific when it tells you your questions need improvement?
Who is the best literary agent for lesbian short fiction in the USA/EU?
How do I write a literary review of the novel "Ice Candy Man"?
What is the weirdest book you have read and why?
What would a hypothetical measurement of Victor Doom I.Q?
What is the difference between literature and non-literature in literary works?
Which literary works do you like?
How seriously should we take true crime as a literary genre?
Do US authors enjoy automatic copyright protection in other nations? To what extent, does the allegation is true- they violate your copyright?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
Would anyone be interested in joining a writing club (online)?
What is programming like for non-english speakers?
What are the best examples of heroes masquerading as villains, other than Professor Severus Snape and Uchiha Itachi?
Is Atticus Finch a good parent?
Is there a localized version of the Qur'an?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous author?
Have any of you read "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami? If so, what are your thoughts on the book?
What are short stories?
In "A Song of Ice and Fire" how important are the direwolf pups?
Would a lethal poison as cyanide lose some effectiveness because it was brewed several years ago?
What can be another great story which might have taken place in middle earth?
How do I find any translation of Mo Yan's short stories?
What are some good books in philosophical-fiction genre?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
Which work of literature best features all the different kinds of people one comes across in life?
What are some great English poems that are must-reads?
What is the name of the book for children/adolescents about a young girl who is "uglier" than the other girls in her family and likes the zoo?
Why do people from India read foreign literature?
Book Recommendations: What are the three best thrillers you have ever read?
Why is literature so important?
In "Cathedral" by Raymond Carver, How does the point of view contribute to the effectiveness of the story?
What are some of the best short stories by Theodore Sturgeon?
Who are some of the best warriors left in Game of Thrones after season 6?
What personifications of the sun is commonly used in literary fiction?
How would you rephrase "Despite the fact that your company has not announced competition"? (competing to get a job)
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
What gives a more accurate account of the past, literary or archaeological sources?
Does The Book Thief have a theme of identity?
Which Agatha Christie book should I start with if I have never read any of her books before?
Religio-Philosophically, what did Percy Bysshe Shelley have to say about Truth? And why do you suppose he said it?
Did Dante rip off the Divine Comedy from an ancient Islamic book?
Where can I legally read Eragon online for free?
What are the best examples of short (10 000 words max.) fiction in English?
What fiction features a dictator protagonist?
Is it hard to write a fictional epic?
Why does Jane Eyre go to Thornfield?
How does the West produce so many good literary fiction and nonfiction books, but India still has a long way to catch them?
What are some current movements in literary fiction?
Which are some of the best books falling into the genre of historical fiction?
What is the average lifespan of a fictional work?
What is the best writing of Machado de Assis?
Why is it important to read fiction?
What was the purpose of presenting violence in Spillane's Mike Hammer series?
Will Sci-Fi be considered Realistic Fiction once we have the technology, in the future?
How did James Bond’s attitude towards women change in the post-Fleming books?
Why wouldn't the Tolkien family give Peter Jackson the rights to direct The Silmarillion?
What are the ten science fiction books that have meant the most to you?
What role do literary agents play in terms of helping budding scriptwriters? What kind of services do they provide? Is the concept of literary agents still at an early stage in India?
Is there a Song of Ice and Fire interactive map?
What are the best imaginary creatures in fiction?
Literature: What does inconsistency mean in literary terms?
Who would you cast in Anthony Burgess's Earthly Powers?
Which are the best books in the adult fiction category?
Why do I get sad everytime there's a chance a character might not be able to be someone they love?
Why are writers such as Buchan, Yates or McNeile called clubland heroes?
Where can we find the influence of Thomas Pynchon's books in today's world culture?
Could James Bond novels be argued to represent the self-insertion literary technique?
What are some examples of fictional literary devices?
What are some examples of demonyms in fiction and literature?
Who is the main character of Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow?
Who are the best literary agents for fictional work in India?
Which is that one work of fiction which has affected people's lives? How?
When will second part of Ram Chandra series come?
What are the best paranormal romance novels to read?
What may be the idea behind 'Drone' by Hari Kunzru, published in Granta 130?
The Great Gatsby: What did F. Scott Fitzgerald mean in the last line of The Great Gatsby, "So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."?
How much do literary fiction writers like Joyce Carol Oates and Philip Roth earn?
If I want to start reading books written by Jane Austen, which one should I start with?
I want people to read a short story I wrote, but I am worried that if I post it online, someone will steal my story or take my idea. What can I do, or what website will ensure that this doesn't happen?
What is anthropomorphism? How does it work as a literary device?
What are index cards (in the context of screenwriting)?
Which are the most chilling and frightening novels of all time?
Should I read fiction books when I can learn science instead?
What were the influences, if any, that Victor Hugo's literary works had on the development of France throughout the nation's history?
Did people use to read more literary fiction?
Literature: What does assumption mean in literary terms?
What are some books about child/teen (under 17 years old) warriors?
What life lessons can we learn from Charles Dickens classic tale "A Christmas Carol"?
Is Maglor alive in The Third Age?
Is anthropomorphism more prevalent in children's literature or in adult fiction? Why?
Should one read 'Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen' if one is a beginner in reading novels?
Will you tell me a fictional story?
What are the most prestigious literary magazines?
What personality disorder does Kiyo in Mishima's Spring Snow have?
What are some 10 line stories where the story changes unimaginably with each line?
What are the best fiction books involving Protestantism?
What literary works figure redemption prominently?
How would you describe Ashwin Sanghi alias Shawn Haggin's "The Rozabal Line"?
How does literary fiction compare to genre fiction?
Is the community in 'The Giver' an example of extreme political correctness?
Whom did the angry young men support, the left or the right?
Does the Lands of Ice and Fire have any new information in them?
What are some suspense stories?
Andy Weir: Does Science Fiction have to be about superheroes or apocalyptic scenarios? Why not the life of a normal scientist like legal fiction?
Can you give me common 99 character archetypes in western culture fiction?
What are some good books (be it fiction or non fiction) on Chinese and Russian mafia?
What exactly were the "Angry Young Men" angry at?
Book recommendations: What books (fiction and non-fiction) will give me a cultural and historical insight to Bologna, Italy while still fun to read?
What is the literary technique where the feelings of a character are reflected in the description of an object?
Do Bond books include elements of epic genre?
What is the principal difference between literary fiction and genre fiction?
How do I make proper reviews on certain pieces of literary work?
What current living author will be revered 300 years from now and be considered a literary icon such as Dickens, Austen or Shakespeare is today?
Strange question, but bear with me: - Why would a schizophrenic man walk around with dead kittens in a plastic bag?
Can any science fiction movies or books ever exist in this world?
What tricks did James Bond have in mind when he said to Red Grant, "no Bulldog Drummond stuff will get you out of this one"?
Postcolonialism: Have you guys ever read the playscript of "Dutchman" by Amiri Baraka/LeRoi Jones? Does it have particular aspect of stereotyping and social racism?
How did Thomas Mann's anti-Nazi views influence his later literary work?
How do I contact someone to write a novel (or a short story) around his/her story when the person is not a friend?
Is there any other author who has similar writing style like Robin Cook?
What were D. H. Lawrence's strengths as a writer?
What were the most famous anti-heroes of British literature in the 1950s-1960s?
What are some general rules for creating fictional characters that people can identify themselves with?
Is there a good book on criminal fiction analysis?
Why do people care so much about franchise's "canon"?
I like haunting, melancholy literary novels with strong ethereal elements. What books fit this description?
What are the next big social issues for popular literary fiction to cover?
What was Enid Blyton's writing style?
Can you help me identify a YA book about a dysfunctional family where the mother is an alcoholic and the protagonist has to take care of her younger siblings?
As a self-published author of literary fiction, what have you found is most effective in increasing sales of your book?
What are examples of racism in Ian Fleming's novels?
What fiction books take place in Haiti?
Andy Weir: What should a good science fiction story must have?
What do you think of this romantic short-film,"The Letter"?
What did you think of the ending to of the book "Last Chinese Chef", and why?
What are the common literary elements in literary fiction?
What is the best imaginary world in entertainment or literature? 
What does diction mean in literary terms?
What are some of the literary elements in Macbeth?
Why is "The Catcher in the Rye" so controversial?
Why do so many people hate Moby Dick?
What are some of the best mangas that didnt have an adaptation but probably should have got one?
What are some works of literature that were written to educate and not only to entertain?
Who are the most ingenuitive characters in fiction?
What is a three line story that represents how life changes dramatically?
What are some fiction books that discuss the French and Indian War?
What are the subtitles of famous literary books if any?
What should you put on the back of a fiction book?
Which literary characters have the longest running series? Also, which literary world has the most books written about it?
Who do you consider to be a lyrical or literary genuis?
Can you summarize the plot of your favorite book with one pithy sentence?
I don't enjoy reading fiction, however, I enjoy reading non-fictional. Is it still possible to increase the vocabulary through non-fictional literature?
As an aspiring writer, what are the three best questions you can ask a published author you meet in person?
How would you describe your prose?
What are some best novels that one should not miss to read?
What are some good LGBTQ YA/adult fiction books?
Why does Meursault want to be greeted with cries of hatred at the end of the novel?
Which is some of the best Hindi literature and novels?
Are genies always good?
What are some good pre-1900 literary works to read?
What does one learn in an MFA program for fiction/creative writing?
Who as per you is the most beautiful living writer?
Once you have the universe, main characters and idea for your story, how do you start writing?
What are serious real/fictional stories about con artists and/or maybe titles of novels concerning them?
Andy Weir: Will the discovery of gravitational waves contribute in the evoloution of the new era of science fiction?
Should I read fiction books?
What is the most beautiful short passage you have read ever?
What are novels/short stories/films/etc. similar to King Lear (Shakespeare), Emma (Jane Austen), Wuthering Heights (Emily Bronte) and My Last Duchess (Robert Browning)?
How is reading Fiction different from watching it?
How long does it take for Frankenstein to relay his life?
What are some of the most creative metaphors you've encountered in a novel?
How prevalent is product placement in fiction today?
Ideas: After Caesar's death, why did Antonius and Octavianus wage wars against each other soon after the death of Cicero, Cassius and Brutus?
Which are the alternatives for publishing a fiction novel?
What are some major fan fiction/general fiction publishing sites I could post my fan fiction on?
Who is the best character in the 'Journey of Two Hearts' novel by Anuj Tiwari?
How was Bond different from the 'angry young men'?
What are the best examples of omnipotence?
Who could be Ian Fleming's greatest "literary opponent"?
What are the best literary adaptations of The Count of Monte Cristo?
Which literary form is used in my last duchess?
What are some examples of books in which there is a villain protagonist and the story is told from first person perspective?
Andy Weir: What particularly about science fiction appeals to you?
Which are the most popular & best selling 'mythological fiction' books in India?
Why is the publishing industry declining by so much?
African Literature,gardening and Farming: What are some useful points I can use in analysing language use and child's point of view in Chimanda Adichie's Purple Hibiscus?
What are the best new fiction novels?
How do you credit a dictionary in a work of fiction?
What is the professional relationship between a renowned professional author and his/her editor?  What is the editor's impact on the final piece?
Are Harry Potter and Voldemort the same person?
Who are some of the most loving fictional characters?
What is the best short story you can write in 1,000 words or less?
Which are some of the best feminist literary fiction works from Latin America (similar to Isabel Allende's works)?
How can I start to build my own very unique world in paper?
Why did Dr. Fu Manchu have the title of doctor?
Are there any 18th century works of literary fiction that explore a futuristic time period close to what we're living in now?
I want to be a fiction writer.How do you think I should go about it?
What is the best fiction novel of the past decade, and why?
What is the most awesome name for a character in a work of fiction?
Is reading the news (from reputed sources like the WSJ or the NYT) comparable to reading literary fiction/nonfiction?
What kind of short film you could make with the theme "out of character"?
What is literary metempsychosis?
How does fiction work?
Are all Nobel prize winner books sad?
What are some of the best fictional books based on Ancient Greece?
How can I keep up with serious contemporary literature?
Do soldiers in the US military have to say the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag each day?
When is it a depiction of culture in a work of fiction?
What is the best description of a modern city in literature?
What is a good fiction novel with a lot of fencing?
Who (today) is a modern-day version of Gertrude Stein?
What does assertion mean in literary and writing terms?
What was Angmar doing during the War of the Ring?
Is plot more important in a short story than in a full-length book? Why or why not?
It has been claimed that at the end of Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Chris' line: "I never could see over your shoulders before" is a dramatic turning point and changes the context of everything that has gone before. How?
What well-known literary works include the word conductive?
Who are some manipulative characters in classic literature?
Does a country run by a dictatorship have any benefits? What type of government do you prefer?
William Golding, the author of the novel " Lord of the Flies" is the most unworthy to win the Nobel prize for literature in the year 1983. Do you agree?
Which are best indian fiction books?
How unfinished is The Love of the Last Tycoon?
What is a good science fiction book series to start out with?
Which fictional works offer many examples of people behaving vulnerably?
What advice would you give about writing a dystopian genre novel?
I am from Asia and I publish short stories in our daily newspaper, but I want to reach a worldwide audience. How may I do so and where shall I publish?
What is Bovarysm in Madame Bovary?
If you could be any fictional character who is the same gender as you who would it be?
What techniques have Quorans used to write works of fiction longer than 100 pages?
If you could spend the day with 1 fictional character, who would it be, and why?
What are some great works of literature that do not come from North America or Europe?
Is it possible that all gods we Hindus study are just fictional?
What was Camus' intention in writing The Stranger?
What does it mean that the Clubland Heroes' characters "embraced public-school ideology"? What's a "public-school ideology" then?
Is Sax Rohmer's Dr Fu Manchu series a pulp-fiction?
When is it a good idea to have characters speak in full on accents in written fiction?
Is The Phantom Of The Opera a good book?
What famous literary characters are known for being "bringers of light"?
What are the best short scary stories?
What is literary club?
What is the best way that writers write two different scenes in a story described part by part in the same paragraph?
How much do the main characters personality, belief and idea reflects that of their creator?
What are some of the greatest overlooked and relatively unknown works of literary fiction?
What were some of the bestsellers of the postwar Britain (around 1950s-1960s)?
What is the best novel/book to read for life lessons? Should it be simple to read and understand?
What are some interesting symbiotic relationship between man and machine/technology depicted across literature, comics, films or games?
Literature: Is life really so boring and predictable that we can accept articles and novels written by algorithms or computer programs?
How do you get over the imposter syndrome when you set out to write something?
What is the title of this book?
What are the common traits for all the protagonists of the Clubland Heroes?
What are the top 5 thriller, philosophic, romantic, self-improving, classic, fantastic, and literary fiction books?
I have a period of time off where I am trying to read great books (fiction and non-fiction) that inspire. What should I read and why?
Which is the greatest work of Khalil Gibran?
What are some examples of literary protagonists?
What are the best fiction books for phrasal verbs and idioms suitable for ESL learners? (upper intermediate)
What is a foil character in literary fiction?
Who were great friends in fiction?
What are the most famous examples of the author surrogate technique used in literature?
What were Goethe's best literary works? Why?
Which fiction world do you want to live in?
Do you think fanfiction has a place in literature?
What are the themes of "The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
How old is Cordelia in King Lear?
What are some of the best fiction books to start my journey of becoming an avid reader?
My 48-year-old mother is very addicted to reading novels. She often reads the whole night and doesn't want to sleep. My father and I have tried to stop her, but she insists that it's her freedom. I really worry about her health. What can I do?
Is it seen as rude for a white person to write a fictional story on slavery?
Who are the most famous literary female secret agents?
What will the next book of Ashwin Sanghi be about?
What real places did Ian Fleming include in his James Bond novels?
Who are some underrated contemporary writers?
What is the best and worst time to release a fiction book in India, gearing towards the younger generations?
What are some of the most interesting stories with unfinished or unsatisfying endings?
What are some of the best short stories about friends?
Why can't I read books and novels?
What is the longest eBook (that is a novel) that has ever been published?
What themes were popular in 1950s-60s British and American literature?
Who is your favorite fiction author writing in China?
Why do we read fiction?
Are there any works of fiction that realistically depict how hard it is for most people to actually try and kill someone deliberately?
What is "South of the Border, West of the Sun" by Haruki Murakami about?
Are there literary works written only with letters 'a' to 'g'?
What composers inspired or are similar to the fictional composers in Kazuo Ishiguro's novel 'The Unconsoled'?
Which is the best Charles Dickens character and why?
Are the works of Edgar Allan Poe generally considered "great literature"? Why or why not?
Which is best fiction to read now?
What real car would Simon Templar drive?
How can you manage to say something without words?
Is War and Peace a literary masterpiece or a bloated, ideological treatise? Is 'both' fair?
Does Fleming mention any other MI6 agent in his Bond novels?
Can Chinese or Indian create similar success storybook of Harry Porter in their own unique characteristic based on their own rich culture, tradition?
What are the best books (fiction) published in this decade?
What is a good English short story for 12-year-olds who've been learning English for 1 year?
What did you think of the book All the Light we cannot see?
Since I'm not a reader of fiction, which novels is Thomas Wolfe best known for?
Which of the Clubland Heroes wrote anti-German novels?
What are some fiction books based on WW2?
Who was the first work of American literature primarily written by?
Which parts of Tolkien's non-canonical works would you especially like to be included in the canon?
There are so many excellent novels published today. No one can read all of them. Is there a good reason why an adult should read fantasy books like George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire instead of other great literary novels?
Can you recommend some literary works for me?
How was James Bond different than Harry Palmer?
What is the best literary description of hell?
Do you know of any essays / stories that are about a character *not* experiencing an emotion when s/he knows or thinks s/he should?
In Camus' The Outsider (The Stranger), does Meursault believe in something after death?
Which book is considered to be the symbol of Pulp Fiction?
What are some common/recurring tropes that keep coming up in fiction?
Is One Flew over the cuckoos nest considered literary fiction?
Which are the all-time top 10 best short-story collections in English?
What are some of the most suspenseful or most horrific short stories?
What makes Kurt Vonnegut such an outstanding satirist?
How do Indian people feel about Rudyard Kipling's book Kim?
Do writers tend to write from the perspective of a certain gender in most of their work?
What's great about Raymond Carver?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of the afterlife?
How do I know my story is good enough to be publish?
What villains before Fleming's Blofeld were masters of disguise?
Can anyone give me some PDFs of some wonderful books?
What female character could be described as James Bond's counterpart?
What are some of the most intriguing 'back from the dead' stories?
What are the best fiction novels you have read? What's so unique about them?
Who is your favourite character from the Gormenghast novels?
Was James Bond fighting for protecting the whole UK or England only?
Who are the greatest conversationalists in literature?
What are the best crime fiction books to read?
Why is it that so many ignore punctuation when reading a text aloud?
What are some of the best universities that teach English literature and fiction writing in the United States and the United Kingdom?
What is the best platform to make a visual novel?
Why is the past such a great inspiration for authors? Why do they write more novels (etc) set in the past rather than in the present or future?
What are some good sci-fi/fiction books with real facts?
What are some examples of literary fiction works which started out great and had great potential but ended poorly?
What was the equivalent of the Beat movement in Britain?
Can you recommend a good fiction book about police/detective investigation?
Is it pointless to apply critism and literary theory to casual works?
Who are your top 5 literary characters?
How would you explain how Charlotte's character changes from lady passenger to "Mr. Doyle"? And how would you use examples from the text to describe this change in her?
What are good fiction books for entrepreneurs?
How many fiction books do you as a fiction writer read in a year?
History: What were Alphonse de Lamartine influence in his literature, what are his most famous works, how he influenced future literature, and how is he molded by historical context of his era?
What is naturalism and expressionism in literary terms?
What are some interesting uses of the anachronism in fiction?
What are some examples of novels, books etc. with exceptional, unique, groundbreaking approaches to storytelling?
What are the most gripping opening paragraphs of all time?
What are some myths and classic stories in which someone falls into an abyss?
When did the term "speculative fiction" started being used? And is it broader than "science fiction" (albeit less commonly used)?
What is the difference between fiction and fact?
Why do there seem to be so many woodcutters in traditional European fairytales?
Is it better to leave minor characters behind, who are directly related to the main characters, but not the story/plot? Or should they be tagged along?
Why does the poet Khushwant Singh call his grandmother a winter landscape?
What are some fiction books that contain no dialogue?
What are some modern detective novels with complex plots and high tension?
What are the best guides for figuring out disguised symbolism in literary fiction?
What is the best love story you can come up with in 250 words?
What are some interesting fiction books available?
What books and in what order would you recommend to someone who's never read a line in his or her life, to help them go from uncultured to well read, starting with the simplest children's books, and up to Dostoevski, etc.?
In the 5th book, why does Harry say that he could talk to Sirius about his father or live with the memory? Why couldn't he wait until the term ended and then ask him at Grimmauld Place? Why did he have to live with it?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: How do I become a better interpreter of literature?
Does William Shakespeare believe in God? Specifically, who is Shakespeare addressing in his sonnets? A Mistress? God? 
Was Chris Claremont right in having kitty pride use the n word in x-men comics and God loves, man kills ?
How often has anyone cried while reading Khaled Hosseini's books?
What are some of the most jaw-dropping novels?
What are the best novels published in the first two months of 2015?
How do 'Ode on a Grecian Urn' and 'The Rime of an Ancient Mariner' each emphasise the Romantic notions/paradigms of their literary movement, and what are some literary techniques to prove this?
If I write about false experiences in my life is it fiction or non fiction?
How can the fate of "Ali Baba" be better interpreted in "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" story of Arabian Nights?
What are some WW1 historical fiction books with a gay main character? [Details below]
Is Star trek Online considered canon?
Is there a famous character real or fiction who is always in pyjamas?
How best do I name characters of a (fiction) novel?
Is there is any book there where the protagonist travels and meet different kinds of people in the way?
Is Darth Vader the most famous fictional "bad guy" in history?
What would be the best story starting with "If she were mine "?
What is the significance of the ending of 'Family Life' by Akhil Sharma?
What are some good Indian novels based on the theme of partition?
What are some of the best art works based on Ruskin Bond's literary works?
Who are some authors (and their novels) who have a jolly writing style, great sense of humor and an exaggeration in their writing and still their stories make beautiful sense?
What does literary non fiction mean?
Is there a difference between the British imperialist writers and the Clubland Heroes?
What are some examples of "round characters" in literature?
Why, very often, do many fiction authors use war and international conflict as the backdrop to their novels?
What is Elizabeth Gilbert's literary style?
What traditional values did the angry young men reject?
Is Harry Potter a good protagonist?
Could a literary work written without the usual "literary" tools (metaphors, etc.) in a plain and neutral style be regarded a literary work? Are there any such works?
Who are the most famous anti-heroes working as spies or detectives?
What are some of the best romantic thriller novels?
Wide Sargasso Sea: What does Amelie say about Daniel Cosway?
How do I enjoy books I don't like at first?
What are some thriller/spy novels that are told in a very rich prose, reading almost like literary fiction?
What are the great American novels of the 80's, 90's and 00's?
What are the core elements of "Old Western" stories and movies?
2014-2015 : Which book from the genre of contemporary fiction has changed the way you think and the way you live?
What are some fictional stories about spirit of life?
Is there a literary villain who murdered protagonist's wife?
What are some good literary, fiction books published recently that have some depth but are not boring?
Can someone write me a sad story?
Literary Fiction: "Those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand" quoted by Kurt Vonnegut. What does this mean?
What are some good examples of contemporary and XX century German short stories?
Would you be interested in reading a novel that portrays 19th century violin virtuoso, Niccolo Paganini, as a vampire? (Please see details)
I'm currently writing some fiction. After reading this snippet, would you want to read more?
What fictional characters were inspiration for each of Bond's villains?
Were all the protagonists of the 'Clubland Heroes' novels spies?
What are the best contemporary literary fiction books written in the present tense?
Is reading a novel a bad thing?
What are Harry Turtledove's best and worst works in the alternate history genre?
Which parts of 'Memoirs of a Geisha' are believed to be true and which parts actual fiction?
What are the best fictional books for a teenager?
Is Dhalgren the most experimental novel of all time?
What is most colossal entity from any form of fiction?
I love Dickens. Who are some other authors I would like?
How can I write fiction in English not being a native English speaker?
What is the difference between literary fiction and fiction?
Why is P.G. Wodehouse considered a great writer?
What tragic characters in literature do not actually possess a tragic flaw? What tragic characters fall from grace through fate, and not through any inadequacy on their part?
How is it that Salman Rushdie is overlooked by the Nobel committee year after year?
How does a book become critically acclaimed?
What are some of the funniest lines from books?
What are some two-line horror stories?
What does the non-evolution of Vogon in Douglas Adam's 'The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy' parody?
What villain did Bond kill/defeat in a single combat?
What are Lewis Carroll's best literary works?
Is it possible for a fantasy writer to be as Richard Castle?
How many words are in an average chapter in a novel?
Which are your favourite literary characters (hero/heroines or villains) and why ?
Literary Fiction: In the book A Portrait Of The Artist As A Young Man, who are Michael Davit and Parnell?
What are some of Glenn Beck's favorite fiction books?
If you were to read either 100 great works of literature or 100 great works of history, which would yield greater wisdom?
What are some of the best works of fiction about the Hawaiian Islands written by persons associated with Hawaiʻi?
What's a touching short story you can write in less than 100 words?
What are some good YA novels with a male protagonist?
What modern novels seem to have been influenced by Pride and Prejudice?
Will a literature/literary fiction degree get me anywhere?
Which are some of the best fiction books?
Which is the best novel of love?
What is the name of a transparent or invisible metal in AD&D that starts with N?
What literary elements are included in a folktale?
Does Ben Lerner write on stimulants?
What is the difference between literary fiction and commercial fiction?
What are some romance books like Jane Eyre or Pride and Prejudice that I might like?
What are the best novels about love?
Do people who read more fiction tend to be more liberal, politically speaking?
What are some of the greatest 10 word stories?
How does sponsorship work for literary magazines?
Why are we so attracted to fantasy and science fiction?
What are some of the underlying messages and symbolism in the novel All the Light We Cannot See?
Literary Fiction: I am a newbie who is writing a novel, what do you think of it?
What are some must read from Japanese literature?
What is formalism and imagism in literary terms?
How can you tell if a piece of fiction has literary merit?
Which are some novels in literary fiction which have an undertone of poetry?
How is anthropomorphism effective as a literary technique?
What are some famous literary works that almost everyone knows?
What makes a fiction novel "good"?
What are some good novels that deal with ordinary people and life in the modern world?
What are some modern and contemporary fiction written in beautiful poetic prose and speaks directly to the reader's soul?
What's the name of the book talking about two sisters coming from Europe (I believe Holland) and going to the U.S. to live with their uncle that they do not manage to find (letter with address flew away with the wind) and end up living in a poor area (maybe somewhere in NY)?
Is there a fictional work that doesn't shy away from beautifully depicting human psychology, be it good or bad?
What is expressionism and realism in literary terms?
What is the difference between two and three dimentional character in literature?
Novels: What is the significance of "the price of salt" in Patricia Highsmith's 1953 novel The Price of Salt?
What elements of the James Bond series would prove that it was a pulp-fiction?
There is a children's tale about a hero who descends into the underworld for a quest and loses his right hand. Does anyone know the name of the tale?
Who wrote this "life is short but the hours are long"?
What are the best dystopian literary works?
In the novel Gone with the Wind, there are 3 leading characters: Scarlett, Butler and Ashley. Who do you like most, and why?
Why does Zaphod Beeblebrox seal off part of his brain? What is the analogy for this in our world?
Which book, though not interesting in the beginning had the most amazing ending?
What are some good novels to read to improve imagination?
Which dictionary has the complete words related to field of study and field of occupation?
On average, how many days do literary agents take to email back a request for a full manuscript after a query letter has landed in their inbox?
Matt Gallagher: How can fiction usefully address the civilian-military divide?
Why do so many stories have happy endings when that doesn't match real life? Does it meet some psychological need?
Was Gregory Sallust's sex life as intense as Bond's?
What is music literature? Name of some people who have contributed to this field?
What are the most important ingredients in a controversial fiction novel?
In what order would you read Bukowski's novels?
What are the genres of literary fiction?
What is relation and fiction?
Which were the influences on Orson Welles?
How did Bram Stoker concieve the idea of 'Dracula'?
What is the difference between literature and novel?
How has literature helped you?
What do you think of my idea for a novel? (See details)
Why does amazon have an option to offer ebook a for free?
Which female fiction character was a good role model?
What are some of the must read novels for young teens?
Which is the best literary agency for "new" science fiction authors in NYC?
What authors did the best job combining literary fiction and genre fiction?
What are the deepest themes in The Black Cat, Poe's short story?
What is the literary significance of Faulkner's "The Bear"?
Are we only limited to the four main types of literary conflict?
Why do I feel like I can also write a novel after reading Chetan Bhagat's novels? Is it normal to have this though while reading?
How well known is Granta magazine among writers?
Literature: What makes a book great?
What is an interesting novel to read?
What are the best selling popular novels?
Where can I buy or get access to quality book summaries (fiction, non fiction, business books)?
Which works of contemporary literary fiction are best rated?
Will an 11-year-old enjoy reading Harry Potter, or should he be introduced to the book at a later age?
What are the best fan theories you ever heard?
Who is the bestselling author of fiction books?
Are the works of Tolkien genre fiction, or have they now transcended that stage to be considered classic literature?
Are there any movies based on the literary works of Ismat Chughtai and Saadat Hassan Manto?
Is it getting increasingly difficult to write a good fiction or fantasy novel, because a lot of ideas have been "used up" now?
In James Joyce's Ullyses, is child abuse / paedophilia / incest intended in the descriptions of Stephen Dedalus's uncle who sleeps with Crissie?
Why is Jane Eyre classified as a gothic novel?
How do fiction books help improving personality?
Where do people get ideas for realistic fiction books?
Should there be a right to offend under literary works?
What is the difference between YA fiction and other fiction books?
What are some unknown facts about famous books and authors?
What does "O ever youthful O ever weeping" mean in Jack Kerouac's book The Dharm Bums?
How do I make an interesting and mysterious character?
The Cheshire Cat: Is he sane or insane?
Which is more interesting: genre fiction or literary fiction?
What are some works of fiction, mainly books or films, where the characters are non-anthropomorphic and non-humans?
How does James Bond differ from the Clubland Heroes?
Haruki Murakami is often accused of being a "Western Japanese". Has he been criticised (esp. in Japan) for saying Japanese and Chinese were alike in Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage?
How can I distinguish low quality fiction from high quality fiction?
How does a motif support a theme?
English (language): Is there any word in English that defines the sound that comes while we walk or run in water?
What are some well known he said she said narrative style novels?
What is some of the best poetry you have written?
Did Lars Eighner really lived on dumpster diving?
What fiction books do not get the math quite right?
What are the different ways that a character can die in a novel?
What is a Fisher King?
What are some literary agents (interested in fiction writing) based out of Bangalore?
Is Sidney Sheldon good? What are some of his must reads?
What does B in 221B Baker Street stand for?
Why do people from India read foreign literature?
What are the influences of modern literary fiction?
What would Ian Fleming be writing about in Bond novels if he was still alive?
Are the three musketeers antiheroes?
Can Ray Bradbury be considered, figuratively, 'minimalist-style' writer?
What are some of the best short stories by Theodore Sturgeon?
In "Cathedral" by Raymond Carver, How does the point of view contribute to the effectiveness of the story?
What is the meaning of literary works?
What did John Galt invent? Why is it important?
What are some fiction books to read during depression?
Why do you like the book 'To Kill a Mockingbird'?
What are the top 10 most psychologically-savvy movies?
What is the name of the asylum where Renfield is put in after his encounter with Dracula turns him mad in said novel?
What are the best literature books to read?
How do I find any translation of Mo Yan's short stories?
Is the phrase "X takes on a life of itself" a cliché in fiction writing?
How many people here have read 1984 by George Orwells and what do you think about the novel and its ideas in general? Which country do you think the novel remotely represents?
What are the top 3 books for teenagers?
What does the quote "Give us strength, oh Lord, to let our children starve" by Roald Dahl mean?
If literature is "above politics", then what's the point of reading it?
What are some historical fiction novels which are as accurate as possible?
What are some of the best conspiracy novels or movies ever made?
Is it possible for a person, in a lifetime, to read all the books in the Western canon?
How is the modern United States like London in Aldous Huxley's Brave New World?
The Shiva Triology was a genuinely good attempt at storytelling, but what must have prompted the writer to end it in such a hurried and abrupt manner?
I am interested in novels. What books should I read first?
How is 'The Cuckoo's Calling?' by J.K. Rowling?
After last year's MFA v. NYC "debate", what do you consider to be an underlying/seedy aspect of today's literary culture?
What are the greatest literary works that an aspiring student of literature should not miss?
What’s the most terrifying book you’ve ever read?
What are the top best inspiring novels that every student should read?
What are the best light novels with a good political plot?
What is your favorite work of literary criticism?
Is it becoming very common to write a love fiction?
Is the novel, "The Turn of the Screw" a good work to read and discuss with an intelligent 10 year old child? Why?
How do I create a fictional universe like JRR Tolkein did for the 'Lord of the Rings'? What kind of research should I do?
What novels feature both carnivals and racism?
Why didn't 'Sorry Secrets,' a collection of short stories, get enough fame?
Are the Brothers Grimm tales free to replicate (books, movies, and toys)? Are they owned by Disney?
Are there any female characters in literature (or movies) that can be said to have the Peter Pan "syndrome"?
After reading the Patrick O'Brian series, four times, I need to read something else. What should I read next?
What is J.K. Rowling's patronus?
Which novel must I read today if I will die after 6 hours?
What are the best soft science fiction books you have ever read?
What are some of the best fictional books that you once start reading, you cannot put down?
What are some must read books in the fiction genre?
What are the most emotionally devastating novels of all time?
What is a theme storyline for a novel that will be very interesting and good?
Now that Kim Peek is dead, who would be the most well read person on the planet?
Did Wynand buy Roark's jury?
Do fiction writers earn more than non-fiction writers or vice versa?
Is there a literary term that describes roles such as Macbeth's "weyward sisters," the kind of characters that serve primarily to narrate and move the story along?
What does it mean when I feel bored very soon after starting to read a novel and can't finish even the first 10 pages of it, while I feel completely the opposite when reading something like Wikipedia or National Geographic magazine or any source of knowledge and facts?
What book did 4chan write?
What are the most trending fiction books of 2014?
Why are the mental acrobatics of Biblical Hermeneutics necessary if the Bible is God-breathed truth?
How does one get paid to be a literary and cultural critic?
Which fiction books do Quorans suggest?
When does crime fiction go too far?
What are the most important books you must read in your life?
Who is the best Indian fiction writer in English?
What are some of the most interesting fictional universe systems?
What are some good thought-provoking books to read like Fahrenheit 451, A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Catcher in the Rye?
Bhaumastra weapon could create tunnels deep into the earth and summon jewels. Did the ancient Indian author imagine a super shovel or tunneling robot ?
Which is the best literary work on Aghoris?
How do fictional characters appear "good" or "evil" to us only by their looks?
How does one go about getting one's first literary agent?
How many people are killed in each of the Jack Reacher novels?
Which literature work/works is claimed as the first work of literature in Tamil?
Who is the best fictional character ever?
For someone who has done B.A in English literature, what novels is he expected to have read?
How do I create an original character while writing fiction?
Does anybody empathize or sympathize with Madame Bovary in Flaubert's novel?
I am very much interested in writing. And I have a bunch of ideas, ideas come and collapse. I am just confused. How do I start it?
Which is the best work of fiction to read and enjoy?
What are the best books for a person who wants to start reading novels?
Why did Harold Bloom consider Machado de Assis one among the hundred greatest writers of all time?
How do visual descriptions in literature draw parallels to the characters?
What are some beautiful Spanish fiction books?
If you could be a character in any novel you’ve ever read, who would you be and why?
How are the books for the Man Booker Prize longlisted and shortlisted?
What are some titles of classic non-contemporary literature of the following countries?
Why do certain (post) modern fiction writers remind the audience, from time to time in the midst of their stories, that their work is just fiction?
"I fucking hate you, fucker", said Harry Potter. Opening lines of a literary work. What would the rest of the work read like? Try writing the next four lines.
What's better: reading a novel after seeing the movie or seeing a movie after reading the novel?
What is the significance of the cover photos in the Penguin publication series of Franz Kafka's works?
What is the purpose of writing fiction if it is fabricated?
Between Tom and Gatsby, what's the choice of Daisy if Gatsby were not shot dead at the end of the story?
Why are novels by best-selling Indian authors so horrible?
What are some good novels that are written in such a detailed way that you can visualize even the tiniest details?
What is the most contrived origin story for a fictional character?
When did humanity start writing fiction about the future?
How many of you think that the Sherlock Holmes characters depicted in the movies and TV series have been unable to do proper justice to the original character created by Arthur Conan Doyle?
What is the artistic value of TV series like True Detective, House of Cards, Breaking Bad and The Wire as compared to contemporary American literature?
Which is the best Indian novel you have ever read and why?
Which fantasy novel apart from Harry Potter should I read?
Who are some recommended excellent non-fiction literary agents in the Bay Area?
What are good works of fiction?
What makes the yaoi genre appealing to women?
What is the best thing about Khaled Hossain's novels?
What are the must reads of English literature?
Are there any examples of famous authors misusing words?
What are some of the most amazing novels that one has to read?
What are some beautifully written novels good for developing the favorable syntax and rhythm of the English language?
What does this line mean in this John Updike story?
Why do lawyers need to read fiction?
Where does one start with Emile Zola?
Why do people become junkies? Can our government/society do anything to help?
Among the books that you have read, which ones feature the most intriguing passages that describe the psychological and physical aspects of the characters?
Is Harry the most commonly used protagonist name in fiction books?
I googled "atmospheric literature" and "atmosphere literature" and I did not find it as a literary genre. Can we consider it "neologistically" (which in itself is a neologism) a literary genre, as many writers like Georges Simenon, Thomas Hardy or Arthur Conan Doyle stand out for their descriptions of mood producing atmospheres?
What are some of the best surfing fiction books out there?
Which is a better novel to read: P.S. I Love You or The Notebook
When you're reading fiction containing romance, what sorts of things do you wish you could change about the character dynamic?
What are some good magazines in which one can publish science fiction short stories?
What are the best literary works the explore the psychology of college students?
Why is The Old Man And The Sea by Ernest Hemingway so popular even now?
Which novel has left a lasting impression on your mind?
If I read fiction that has an ambiguous ending, will I be more prepared for ambiguity?
What is the first example of a space pirate in fiction?
How does Fitzgerald represent the American Dream in the novel The Great Gatsby?
What are some really good books to complete this reading challenge?
The Goodreads award for best fiction in 2014 went to the book 'Landline' by Rainbow Rowell. What is the USP of the book?
In your opinion, who are the most fascinating literary characters and why?
In what ways are Alexei Karenin (in Tolstoy's Anna Karenina) similar with Alec d'Urberville (in Hardy's Tess of the d'Ubervilles)? Furthermore, in what ways are Count Vronsky (in Tolstoy's Anna Karenina) similar to Angel Clare (in Hardy's Tess of the d'Ubervilles)?
How big of a fan base do Erotica novels have?
What is the greatest Dostoevsky passage?
What are novels in which the characters become trapped inside a Dungeons and Dragons-like world after playing said game?
What are some great works of classic literature analysis?
Are there any literary giants on Quora?
What are some examples of interesting literary characters that are inanimate objects?
Can I get a proper analysis of Alice in Wonderland and drug references?
Is it common, when trying to avoid type casting, to overcompensate and go too far in the other direction?
Who has the best prose-writing style in fiction?
What great works are yet to be made as movies?
Is there a website that has a complete list of 1001 Arabian Night's characters listed?
Does someone have past papers for IB Russian language and literature? And also the literary words list for English language and literature, if possible?
How would you compare Sherlock Holmes with Hercule Poirot?
Neuroscience: What are the neurological effects of reading fiction versus watching fiction TV or movies?
What are some great books under 200 pages?
What are some political fiction books on Indian history like Chanakya's Chant?
What is your favorite literary quote?
Has anyone read the novel "A Thousand Splendid Suns" by Khaled Hosseini? What's so special about it?
In what language were Shakespeare's works written?
How much of the novel Sunflowers by Sheramy Bundrick is fiction?
What makes a novel worth reading?
Have you read the book Inkari by Rom Siquijor? If so, what did you think of the book?
What are some "Catch-22" lines you know or situations you have encountered in your life?
How did Long John Silver lose his leg?
Which language has the best contemporary literature: French, Spanish or English?
Would you like to read the new novel 'Go Set a Watchman' by Harper Lee? Do you think it would boost the sale of her previous novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird?'
What is your favorite fiction genre and why?
When can one consider a novel a masterpiece?
What do you look for in a novel?
In Madame Bovary, what is the irony of the love and blindness between Charles and Emma?
I'm a new fiction reader. Is it worth it to pay for first editions (new titles), or could I just buy two second editions for the same price?
Why do some people love to hate the Fountainhead by Ayn Rand?
What are the literary and political works on the Bengal Partition?
When is the next novel in the Twilight saga being released?
What do you miss out on if you read literature without any knowledge of literary criticism or critical theory?
I have always read Indian authors but now I want to read novels or books by different authors around the world in English. Can anyone give suggestions about which book or author I should read?
How can I help my teenage students to analyze characters in my literature class?
Which are the best books in fiction last year?
What are the best fiction books of 2014 according to Quorans?
What are some suggestions for good literary novels for a 19 year old?
Can a "BuzzFeed list" be considered a literary genre?
What are some novel books that can encourage people who had never read any novels?
How do I make a preview of a novel in Facebook?
Which is a better read between "The Namesake" and "Q & A"?
What are some good books on space fiction?
What are some good motivational novels in which the main character suffers from financial problems and loans, but in the end becomes a successful person in life?
What are some mind-blowing facts about the Jaipur Literature Festival?
Who is the better author, Ashwin Sanghi or Dan Brown?
Which are the best crime fiction books other than Sherlock?
What books contain characters like Pechorin from A Hero of Our Time?
If I want to read one literature work to help me get girls, what literature work should I read?
What are a few classic novels (Victorian era) with major themes of morality that are still relevant in today's society?
What's your writing process (for fiction)?
What are some favorite contemporary novels set in the US/American West and why?
Which are some of the must read fiction novels of recent years?
What are the best novels for a newbie?
What are the best examples of fiction which use the idea of negative space to great effect?
What can be learned from The Catcher in the Rye?
What is the best way to read a fiction novel?
Which literature module should I choose?
If the Swiss Family Robinson actually had been shipwrecked, based on the information provided in the book, where on Earth is it most likely they were?
Which is more prestigious, the Hugo or Nebula award?
Why isn't there a Repairman Jack movie yet?
I found J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye the best thing I had ever read. What are some other kickass novels on similar lines, basically, characters to which you can relate and simple language?
What characters have self-deception as a core component of their personality?
Is there any useful book which can help me write fiction better?
What do you exactly study in literature?
What are the literary rules (be explicit) that should be adhered to when writing a novel?
What are some book suggestions for David Baldacci kind of fiction?
What does 'calm tenderness' mean? Does this phrase make sense?
What is black fiction?
Is 50 Shades of Grey a good start for a new fiction reader?
Reading literary fiction develops one's "theory of mind". Can watching movie/TV adaptations of literary fiction also develop theory of mind? If not, why not?
How is The Catcher in the Rye life-changing?
What are some good modern works of fiction that contain Buddhist and/or Taoist themes?
Which novel is best for a student with an interest in science?
Which are the books (fiction) that continue to amaze you even on subsequent readings?
What are some accessible and lethal poisons that might offer plausible cause of death in modern fiction?
What are some examples of good surrealist poetry or literature?
What are must read dark novels about India?
How did Ashwin Sanghi exactly start with his research work?
Why hasn't any of Aditya Pendyala's novels been released after 'Sorry Secrets'?
How do I get books (novels) for cheap? I'm not comfortable reading on a digital device.
How do the practicalities of theatre (e.g. rehearsal, audiences, stage-craft, cues, company size, dimension of the stage) influence early modern drama?
When writing a novel what holds a greater importance - plot or literary content?
Which novel spans the shortest length of time?
Can we add reading as a pure subject?
What are the various ways in which the phrase "We are not alone" can be interpreted?
Can I mix both present and past tense in first person fiction?
How does Arthur Miller utilize literary elements in The Crucible to explore the political idea of McCarthyism?
Have you ever experienced a change in your handwriting when writing first person fiction on paper?
What do you think of Michel Houellbecq's stance on sex?
What are some good sources to learn the art of writing fiction?
Do you think Lt. Daniel Kaffee of A Few Good Men (1992) has the scope to become a full-blown book protagonist?
Has there been any movie based on PG Wodehouse's works yet?
How scientifically accurate must science fiction be?
What are the least-explored science fiction themes and genres?
What do you think of the writer Tao Lin?
What are some short stories by Ernest Hemingway that have the same/similar theme as the Old Man and the Sea?
Where should I start with Gertrude Stein?
Is David Mitchell's book Cloud Atlas an hommage to John Fowles's book The Ebony Tower?
What is the best history book to read that has fiction?
What are some good books (fiction) that take place in Spain or Portugal?
Who is the greatest Indian fictional character of all time and why?
What is the significance of literature in our life?
What are some of the best classic fiction books?
What are the best novels in India?
How is Gatsby's dream of Daisy dead?
What are some good literary magazines in French?
What's the hidden story Psycho-Pass is trying to tell us?
What are some good suggestions for novel reading?
What is the name of the literary device where a character in the story edits/changes part of previous chapter?
What do you make of the ending of Dostoyevsky's "White Nights"?
What are your impressions of "To Quora and Back -  Bring Me the Head of Adam D'Angelo? What are the main takeaways from the story?
Has the character Keyser Söze from "The Usual Suspects" been further developed in any related works, canon or non-canon?
Which are the free online websites to read fiction and all others?
Is it odd that I prefer to read fiction than socialize?
When does reading novels become a waste of time?
I want to have a good knowledge in literature. I want to read good books and novels of foreign authors. How do I start?
What fiction books deal with arranged marriages?
What makes a fiction book stand out?
Was Jon Robert's book, American Desperado, completely made up?
What is a good novel to compare "A Tale of Two Cities" by Charles Dickens with for a comparative essay, preferably one with similar themes?
Which fictional characters have great jobs?
What are some ways to get paid to write fiction?
I'd like to write a fictional story between 1000 and 7500 words long, using ideas and text contributions taken solely from the Quora community. What genre would have the best chance of success?
Are there any other characters in literature, myth, or fiction that fathered and mothered sons by sex change, other than Ila from ancient Indian scriptures?
What do you think of the writer Blake Butler?
What is the general process that goes through your mind when you are writing a piece of flash fiction?
What are some of the longest sentences in fiction?
Are there any novels like those of Dan Brown in which the entire plot takes place within a single day?
What is the largest literary work in history?
What are the best novels of 2014?
Is there a good market for fiction novels?
Who is Michel Houellebecq, the French novelist on the Charlie Hebdo cover, and why is he so important?
Who was Kunta Kinte?
What is a book that has always put you in a good mood, every time you opened it up?
What is some good literature for a student?
What could the fictional name "Melipone" mean?
What are some literary examples where the dominant theme is "you become who you hang around with"?
In The Odyssey, why is there so much conflict between the gods and the mortals?
What is a better way to keep track of the plot, timeline, characters, geography and events when reading a book?
What are the best fiction novels?
What are some good, realistic novels published or updated during this millennium?
In the beginning of Alice in Wonderland, one of the greatest pieces of Western literature, Alice asks the king a question. What is the question and the King's answer?
What are recommendations for an interesting dystopian or sci-fi novel to read?
What are some of the best short novels?
What are some novels in which the protagonist dies about halfway through the novel?
What was the initial reaction to Harriet Beecher Stowe’s anti-slavery novel “Uncle Tom’s Cabin”?
What are some of the best novels to get into the literary world?
If you could date one fictional character from a novel, who would it be and why?
I am writing a book with vampire and werewolf fiction. Will people read it?
Is writing a psychoanalysis for a character in a novel a valid form of literary criticism?
What are the advantages/benefits of writing a fiction or non-fiction book through Quora?
What are some of the genre-defining clichés of CanLit?
What is it like to be a judge for The Man Booker Prize?
Is the Irish author Roddy Doyle the best option for a PhD in literary research?
In James Joyce's short story "Grace", why does Mr Kernan strongly reject holding a candle?
What are Quorans' favorite literary metaphors?
Does Bill Gates read science fiction books or novels?
What are some recommended historical fiction titles for someone who is trying out the genre?
What are some unbelievable fiction books that every 15-year old must read?
What are some of the best metaphors ever used in fiction?
What's a good analytical novel?
What is your favorite fiction book?
What is the point of reading the introduction to a classic novel?
What are some good Indian/non-Indian non-fiction books both by Indian/non-Indian writers based on science, history and politics?
If you were trapped in a house with people trying to break in, but you could pick one character from a book to defend you, who would you choose?
How could Harry's life have been different if he had been raised by Sirius instead of the Dursleys?
Literature: What are some Muslim allegorical stories?
Should the novel "Dune " be on the American AP English reading list?
Why does Hemingway finish The Old Man And The Sea by two tourists?
Are there any novels where the male/female protagonists are not gorgeous?
I enjoyed We Were Liars by E. Lockhart and The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini? What are some books like these?
Why do Chetan Bhagat's novels start or end with a number?
Where should I begin when I decided that I want to read books? (previously I read 1 book a year)
What was a novel that you've read and found particularly enjoyable and extremely intellectually enriching?
What does Jay say to describe Daisy?
Is there a minority taste of literature? How can you explain the taste of literature to others?
How do I decide which novel I should read?
What is your feedback on my book ending (in the details)? Do you have any suggestions?
Which are the things that are essential for epic fiction book writing?
Literature: What are few smart techniques for remembering writers and their works?
What are some of the best fiction novels that portray the art of strategy at its peak?
How do I get the most out of novels?
How frequently do you consult a dictionary when reading a novel?
Are there any famous authors whose first novel was never rejected by a publisher?
If you were to have a threesome with two of the Brontë siblings, which two would you choose and why?
In reading novels, how can we understand the characters in the novels best? Should we regard ourselves as onlookers or as the characters as if we are experiencing what they are? Can we really feel what they feel?
What are some of the most tragic novels ever written?
What is the last known status of Middle Earth?
Which year represents the future now?
What are some really good fiction books to read?
What should I know before considering buying a book?
Was John Updike considered a conservative?
What are some great websites/blogs where one can read good English literature?
Are Anna Karenina and Tess of the d'Ubervilles good novels to compare for a comparative essay?
What fiction books have good-hearted dragons in it?
Can I create my own magical world for my story? Won't it be plagiarism as J.K. Rowling has already done that?
Is it possible to psychoanalytically critique "The Catcher in the Rye"?
What is the best English fiction book on the mafia?
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book, who would it be and why?
What is a thorough process for creating convincing literary characters?
What do you think of the writer Thomas Bernhard?
What is the difference between a science novel and a detective novel?
Why are writer portrait photos so often in black and white?
What are some underrated classic literary works?
Will there be a new novel from the author John Crowley after 2009's Four Freedoms?
What are some movies or books that are strange or weird, or that lead you into strange thinking territory, but that are well-produced and eminently watchable?
What is some advice if I want to write a fictional novel?
What are some suggested novels or books to read in leisure time?
How can I reconnect with literature?
What are some famous books in Western literature?
Are graphic novels tougher to sell to publishers compared to prose novels? Why or why not?
What is most thrilling short murder fiction?
What is the best book by Iris Murdoch?
I am new to novel reading. Is it a good idea to start reading with the Man Booker winner books of, say, the last 10 years?
What are some modern great literary pieces (in English) from India?
I haven't really read a book since E. Lynn Harris' series. Are there any fictional good reads about sexuality out there?
What are the best essays/pieces of criticism on Franz Kafka's novel The Trial?
What would environmentally sensitive fiction look like?
What are some good Hindi thriller and suspense novels?
What are some good fiction novels on Greek or Roman mythology?
Why do people enjoy flash fiction?
How can I become a good fiction writer?
What are the top 12 novels of the 21st Century?
What are some great books in the juvenile fiction genre?
What is a good source to get started with literary/cultural theory?
Who are the Internet's best literary stylists, as defined by Joyce and Proust and Nabokov and Brodkey?
When did the celebrity literature, i.e. literature written by popular figures in India, rise?
Why did the Harry Potter series not win Man Booker Prize?
Is it wrong for Daisy to love Gatsby more because of his beautiful clothes and splendid mansion?
What would happen if Sherlock Holmes was a real person?
If I want to read fiction with something to learn, which book should I prefer?
What will happen if Batman decides to walk on Gandhiji's path of non-violence i.e. Gandhigiri to fight against Joker?
Why is reading novels more productive than watching movies?
What methods does Iago use to manipulate Roderigo?
What was the first usage in fiction of recipients of compromising photographs being reminded that it didn't matter if the prints were destroyed as "we have the negatives"?
Which fictional character in novels would you like to be?
Is there any popular detective character in Hindi literature like Byomkesh Bakshi and Feluda in Bengali literature?
In 19th century English, what is the meaning of the term 'hell-faggot'?
How do I read fiction?
Who was Frankenstein?
Is anyone planning on writing a million-word novel during Camp NaNoWriMo in April and July and in NaNoWriMo in November?
Which Paulo Coelho novel can be a good movie?
How does one get skilled at writing fiction, and how did other great writers learn to write?
I want to start reading books/novels.  What are some intense thrillers?
What are some of the good fictional novels with an interesting story?
What are some other good book series similar to the outlander series?
If you were to write a book on your favorite fictional character what title would you assign to it?
What is the title of that old fiction novel where a man is trapped for months or years in a deep underground cave in utter darkness?
What are the must-read books of the Southern Gothic genre?
How is Gertrude Stein's writing discussed in college courses?
Can anyone post the pages 671 and 672 of the book The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand?
What are the best examples of flash fiction to share with a creative writing class? What discussion questions would you ask?
What are some recommended great detective fictions?
Are there works like The Krishna Key that feature the gods, places of worship, rituals, practices, and beliefs prevalent in South India?
What are some of the most imaginative descriptions of simple things you've read in a novel?
If you were a fictional character, what would you be like?
What are some great literary fiction novels?
What are the five very best fiction books about real espionage not like James Bond?
What is the best thing a novel should have?
Which contemporary author has transformed the novel in historically significant ways?
Which books nominated for the Man Booker Prize were more deserving than the one that won that year?
What are the most touching teen novels that you've read?
Do I require credentials to be able to write a book?
What fiction has character growth?
Are there any novels that will develop my reading skills as well as entertain me?
As of 2014, has there been any science fiction novel to surpass "Dune" as the greatest of all time?
Why did Laura Chase kill herself in Margaret Atwood's novel, The Blind Assassin? Who was the father of her unborn child?
What are some good contemporary literary short stories about vampires?
Is there any website that sells second hand novels in India?
What are some good novels based on politics?
What is best historical fiction book written about the Vietnam War?
How accurate are the ideas of Scott Adams in his book God's Debris?
Which is your favourite part from the Shiva Trilogy?
What are some of the most original, intriguing, or gripping phrases or sentences you've read in contemporary literature?
Besides Catcher in the Rye, what is a great classic novel for a smart 15-year-old?
What are the top 10 best fiction and non fiction books that are worth keeping for?
If someone were to write an epic fantasy novel based on the history of the Indian subcontinent, what events from the past can serve as good inspiration?
What is an example of a novel (or movie) with 2 climaxes?
Did John Steinbeck ever reveal his intended meaning of the end of The Grapes of Wrath?
Who are some tragic literary female figures, excluding writers like Sylvia Plath / Virginia Woolf / Anais Nin?
What elements play a significant role in the attempt of a reader to find significance in a literary text?
If you could spend a week with any literary character who would it be, and why?
Who are the best independent editors in India who can polish up a book?
What are some of the best novels to read in Assamese?
What are stories or novels that you read recently where the ending is not what you expected?
What is your review of Glow (2014 book)?
What novel feature a fantasy world/magical equivalent of the internet?
Is it bad to read a book because I like the story but it does not have good literature?
Which are some of the best-selling romance novels of all time in the US?
Are any literary works influenced by the Kalevala?
How do I become good at writing and getting ideas for non fiction books?
What fictional books have a philosophical undertone?
How much can a person grow in the literary world sans school education?
Does this introduction to a novel work?
What’s the worst form of psychological torture that has ever been legally used on a human being?
I take a month or half in completing a fiction novel, even when I am liking it. How can I enhance my focus while reading fiction?
What are some of Nevil Shute's best novels, besides his most famous ones?
What is the most famous literary description of Shanghai?
I have mostly read non-fiction and popular science books in the last years. What titles would you recommend for a smooth transition into reading literary fiction?
What is your assessment of Casaubon's character in "Middlemarch"?
What is the best novel you have ever read and that has left a good feeling in you?
Storytelling: How does one explain the writing style of Salinger?
What is your take on the book THE UNCONSOLED by Kazuo Ishiguro?
What is a book of contemporary or 20th century literary fiction (any language) that centers around a family stuck in a paranoid or fearful dynamic?
What is the best description of a drug experience in literature ever?
What are the most popular subgenres within fiction in 2014? What are some notable works within these genres?
Literary Fiction: What is the best description of a building ever written in literature?
What are Glenn Beck's notable written works?
If you were a literary character, who would you be? Why?
What is the most famous literary description of Cambridge UK?
What are the best quotes by female or transgender characters in literature?
Who are some of the most challenging, innovative fiction authors writing in the German language today?
What are your least favorite books written with dual/multiple first-person narrators/third-person limited point-of-view (POV) characters?
What are a few books which are awesome and at the same time tough to be adopted into a movie?
In Catch-22's chapter 'Chaplain', his wife has been described 3 times in one long paragraph. Was it done satirically?
What are some good current fantasy novel authors to follow?
What are some good novels written in English by an Indian?
I have an idea for a novel but no capital. How can I publish it?
What are the best novels dealing with suspense, thrill, crime, and investigation?
Was "Treasure Island" the first work of fiction to feature a treasure map?
What are some books that develop a character's rage and wrath and gives a solution?
Which character from classic literary fiction had the most poetic death scene?
Which novels are worth reading, to increase your vocabulary?
Where can I get Russian literature translated into Hindi?
What is a difficult novel to interpret? What makes it difficult?
What is the most famous literary description of the Antarctica?
Why does everyone make fun of Chetan Bhagat and his novels even before they are released?
Who are some unseen characters in literature/theater/cinema who've had very profound impacts on the fiction?
How many characters are in the play, The Fire and the Rain by Girish Karnad?
What is some good contemporary crime fiction?
What are some of the best historical fiction novels you've read, set in Japan?
What are some good fiction books on the history of Iraq?
What are some great narratives in literature, film, theatre, etc. that are structured like a joke (i.e. with a setup and a punchline)?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of the Philippines?
Can you explain these bold lines from Catch-22's chapter "Hungry Joe"?
What are some good and entertaining books for a non-regular reader?
Why do some writers use brand names in their novels? Do they earn from it?
Which fictional characters from different books would you like to get together for a meet up?
What are Anton Chekhov's most overlooked works?
Do we see evidence of class consciousness by Dilsey or the Compson family? If so, how?
What are some of the best novels set in Colonial Africa?
What are the literary devices used in Iago's second soliloquy? What are the effects of them?
What are some great novel titles which suit their content?
What are some of the most interesting novels which capture readers' attention unlike other ones?
Was anyone able to find out the real name of the character Hilal from Paulo Coelho's Aleph?
What are the best novels that take place in Western Australia?
What are some interesting fictional cities in literature, film and TV series?
How can you convince me to read fiction?
Is pulp fiction a genre? Why or why not?
Which fictitious character best portrays heroism? Why?
What are the most influential works of literature?
What are the most interesting novels based on mythology that you have come across?
What are some of the most mystic places that can be found in history, folklore, mythology or literature?
Are you going to read the Magician's Land by Lev Grossman?
Were there any fables/mythology/colloquial stories created in the last few decades that will be discussed for generations to come?
What is the history of the genre of historical fiction?
In 'Wide Sargasso Sea', why does Antoinette's husband insist on calling her Bertha?
What are the greatest pieces of literature that probably could never be made into a successful film?
What are the best examples of historical fiction?
What does the zero of the function  mean?
What are some best but underrated Indian poetry/literary fiction?
What are the best (and lesser known) dystopian novels?
Is there an intimate scene in a modern novel or movie that is truly authentic?
Who are some of the best detective novel authors?
What is the best realistic romantic uncheesy novel ever written?
What are some of the most interesting fictional depictions of Detroit?
What is the name of the theory that states that mystifying cues create an intrigue and can be useful in both literature and advertising?
Do you love reading Nora Roberts? Which of her novels and the characters do you love the most?
Is D.F. Wallace’s ‘Oblivion’ successful in its intent?
What are the most essential things to know about Mary Shelley’s masterpiece Frankenstein?
Are there any good novel series where the main antagonist doesn't reveal himself (to the protagonist) to be a source of conflict until the end of the first novel?
What is most exciting fictional book that you have read to date?
Who is the greatest riddler in fiction?
What are your thoughts on the Pip-Estella relationship in "Great Expectations"?
What are some films that are better, or just as good as, their novels?
What are the most common clichés in contemporary writing?
What books or novels would you recommend a traveler read? Why?
What do you consider the most challenging novel ever?
What is a novel in which a narrator or protagonist is a rich man?
What novel should I read if I like too much fiction and mystery?
What is the best example of good expository dialogue in a novel?
What is fiction? Is Breaking Bad, for example, considered as fiction?
What are some novels about utopian societies?
What are the best modern British novels?
In Nabokov's novel "Lolita", if you were Humbert, would you have killed Quilty? Why couldn't Humbert content himself with Quilty's offer of a mansion, a 3-breasted lady, plus Quilty's unique collection of erotica, all for simply not killing Quilty?
What is the best way to improve my literary analysis of novels, short stories, novellas, etc?
What do Indians think of the book "A Fine Balance" by Rohinton Mistry?
What is the height of Godzilla in the movie?
What are some of the most underrated literary (books/movies/television) characters of all time?
What are some good novels about the history of South America?
What contemporary fiction book covering lives of the Facebook/jilted generation are recommended?
What are some bands named after literary characters?
How accurate are the historical details mentioned in the book "The Krishna Key"?
Literary Fiction: What are some books that have used Tarot imagery as a structuring principle?
Can you explain these bold lines from Catch-22's chapter, "Clevinger"?
How is Robert Graves' literary legacy viewed today?
What does "a pearl may in a toad's head dwell" mean?
What are some of the blends between famous characters and authors, be it from the literature world or the movies?
Are classic science fiction film/tv "death rays" possible with todays tech?
Is The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand worth a read?
What is the one book or series, in your opinion, that everyone absolutely must read? Why?
Do Indian readers encourage science fiction novels?
What are the best novels of Preeti Shenoy?
Who are some of the most challenging, innovative fiction writers working in the Italian language today?
Which are the best books in your opinion in following subjects: a) psychology, b) economics, c) stock market, d) motivation, e) fiction, f) non-fiction?
Do you think Franz Kafka influenced the works of Alexander Solzhenitsyn?
What are the best novels I must read (that aren't love stories)?
Do you believe in "art for art's sake" or you think that there is and should be a message in any literary works, whether moral, political, etc.?
What is an explanation of these bolded lines from Catch-22's chapter 'Peckem'?
Does it bother you when a book has two or more first-person narrators/third-person limited point-of-view (POV) characters?
What are some good books in English with great literary value?
Is there any novel where the main character is a nerd? It should be a fantasy or science-fiction novel.
How can Batman beat a 7-foot tall henchman?
Why isn't Hemingway's novel The Old Man and the Sea considered one of the best novels of the 20th century?
What are the messages in "King Lear"?
What are the great literary works of the world's classical languages?
Should twentysomethings read non-fiction books related to their field or fiction books?
I haven't read the Mahabharata but judging on the complexity, is the Mahabharata more complex than A Song of Ice and Fire?
What are the novels with significant characters who cheat for a better life?
What is the most atmospheric novel you have ever read?
Why are most romantic novels written by female authors?
How do I learn to "close read"?
What are some literary equivalents of The Shutter Island?
What are the best examples of feminist portrayals of women in classic literature?
What is the best novel to read for a person who is in his 2nd year of a BTech and hasn't read any novels before?
What are some novels that investigate and complicate the ideas of empathy and compassion?
What are the best novels written about drug addiction?
Who are some authors similar to Michael Crichton?
What are some of the fiction movies about the earth's deep within?
What are some interesting novels you can study in your spare time?
What makes a character like Elizabeth Bennet timeless?
What is the greatest excerpt of prose you have ever read?
In 'Wide Sagrasso Sea' why does Christophine drug Antoinette's?
What makes a great mystery protagonist?
In regard to writing fiction novels, how difficult is it to get them published?
What is the history or origin of detective characters in literature?
What is the most famous literary description of Fjords in Norway?
Who are the most popular literary figures of all time?
What are some good novels in PDF format?
Which fictional character has the highest IQ?
Have all the published volumes/chapters of the original novel, been narrated in the 'Hyouka' anime? And is the novel ongoing or completed?
What is the best description of a kiss in literature ever?
What are the best fiction and non-fiction books for beginners in reading?
What are some of the most beautiful pieces of literature you have ever read?
Literature: What are some major works of Portuguese literature?
What are the best books written in LGBTQ literature?
What are some of the works on counter-storytelling? What do you think of them?
What are best readable books on science fiction?
What is the difference between contemporary Indian and Western representation of erotica in fictional novels?
What is the background of Nadine Gordimer's The Train from Rhodesia?
What are the best books and novels that describe war times and cruelty?
What are some opinions on the novel Aavarana The Veil by S. L. Bhyrappa?
Can fictional characters be judged?
Why is Catcher in the Rye considered a literary classic?
What do people think of The Bear: A Joke in One Act by Anton Chekhov?
How do you make a compelling character for a novel?
Do all great truths begin as blasphemies? Why or why not?
What are the the reasons for the popularity of the short story?
If I like Game of Thrones, what are some good non-fantasy books I might like?
What is an explanation of these lines from Catch-22's chapter, 'Lieutenant Scheisskopf'?
What quantity of thrill, comedy, suspense, romance, and other material should a good novel contain?
How is the To Kill a Mockingbird novel?
Harold Bloom's famous and infamous 'Western Canon' was published in 1994. If he were to update it today, what are the essential works published in the last two decades that should be added?
What are some of the most erotic moments in literary history?
What is the best novel you have read this year?
What's the best description of a military base you've read in a novel?
Name some fictional books that would engage me soo into reading that it would be difficult to put it down?
How do you tell high brow and low brow culture apart?
What are some examples of literary novels that are written in limited third person perspective, but have two principle characters sharing the narrative time, even though for most events they are together?
What are some excellent, informative creative writing fiction handbooks/guides/articles about minor characters (secondary/tertiary) and major characters (protagonists) and minor characters becoming protagonists in reinterpretations/revisions of literature?
What are the best sci-fiction novels and non-fiction novels that one should read?
Are there any books written in two or more languages simultaneously? If there is, what do you think the author's motive was?
What is the best fiction/mystery novel series you've ever read?
What are some of the scariest horror/supernatural books to read?
How do we make the best out of a novel?
Who'd win in a battle of wits and humour, George Bernard Shaw or Charles Bukowski?
What was so great about the book The Catcher in the Rye?
Why can't I seem to bring myself to just sit down and read a novel for a couple of hours?
What is the most famous literary description of Vienna?
How many Booker prize winning novels have you read? Are they worth reading?
What novels have styles similar to the works of authors such as Michael Crichton, Dan Brown, and James Rollins?
Is there a theme that has not been explored sufficiently in fiction, and is fascinating to most people?
What are some good novels that explore the issue of female oppression/exploitation?
I possess absolute zeal in writing a novel. How do I go ahead in terms choosing a script, gathering information, and starting up, as this would be my first novel?
Which fictional job would be your dream job?
What are some good historical fiction books about the not-so-well-known ancient cultures?
What is the most famous literary reference to a Road trip?
Which one book (novel) can change my behaviour from pessimistic to optimistic?
In your opinion, who is the best fictional detective? Why?
Literary Fiction: Who are some contemporary writers in the Romantic tradition?
Which are some of the most popular American novels of all time?
What recent U.S. novels portray a male protagonist who actively attracts and dates women in most of the interactions depicted?
What are some of the best fiction novels that contain dragons as a central plot piece?
What are some of the best character-driven political fiction books?
What is the most popular fiction book for ages 10 to 15?
What are some of the best fiction books for newbies?
What are some great works of American expat literature?
Given that I always keep trying to read the most diverse forms of literary fiction, what do I miss from not attending college to study literature?
Is the hairy man story fiction or non fiction?
Who's the most evil fictional character in your opinion?
What are some novels written by sitcom writers?
I want to write a novel, but I have no time at all on weekdays due to the office or on the weekends due to college. What should I do?
Who are some authors with a similar style to James Rollins?
I am an erotica and fiction writer, and am exploring the idea of starting a writing group(s). Would anyone be interested in starting a writing group?
What are current literary tendencies? What are the names of current literary trends (think romantic literature, contemporary literature, realism, etc.)?
Who is the best literary agent for VC-related books?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of Brazil?
What is flash fiction?
How do you write a fictional world with both science fiction and fantasy elements?
What zombie and/or vampire horror novel is the best you've ever read?
What is the most famous literary description of Oxford UK?
What are the best suspense novels ever written?
What other well-known Russian literary works are there that were not written by Tolstoy, Nabokov, or Dostoevsky?
What is the most famous literary description of Madrid?
Are there any famous novels which contain major blunders or bloopers?
What are novels written about Cholas?
What books are good to get someone interested in reading more English literature?
In Jeffrey Archer's "Sons of Fortune," who becomes the governor out of the two brothers, Nat or Fletcher?
What are the best fiction movies in the 2000s?
What can I do to write a classic novel?
In your opinion, what is Coetzee's best novel?
What are some common traits of all the greatest writers throughout the history?
What are some very good literature works that depict true friendship?
How do I write a detective novel like Sherlock Holmes or Hercule Poirot?
What is the unique literary technique/writing style that Fitzgerald has used in The Great Gatsby?
What first (or even last) names used most commonly in fiction writing, overall, are for a "kind" person?
Who is the greatest contemporary American novelist?
What is the latest (most recent) fiction book worth reading?
What are some of the most interesting depictions of death in fiction?
What is the most disturbing true crime novel you have ever read?
What is the best source for a close reading of Philip Roth's novels, in particular The Ghost Writer, My Life As a Man, American Pastoral, The Counterlife, Sabbath's Theater and Goodbye, Columbus?
Are people on the Internet more into entertainment or learning?
Can Shakespeare's books be read as you would read a novel or are they mostly plays which need to be acted out?
What works of fiction have you read that have most improved your prose?
What makes the play Angels in America by Tony Kushner such an important work of American literature?
What are some of the best uses of subtext in literature?
Can we learn life lessons from fiction?
What are good literary works (both fiction and non-fiction) for well-read eighth graders?
Are there any contemporary authors who write as boldly and selflessly as Roberto Saviano?
What are some of the best fictional novels in English that should be not left unread?
Did the city of Aberowen really exist in Wales?
What historical fiction novels feature lesbians?
What is the most compelling way to mix fiction and history in writing?
What are your favorite books with unreliable narrators, and how are the narrators unreliable?
What are some of the best novels set in Lebanon?
In the "Game of Thrones" world, which house would you most likely belong to and why?
What are some of the worst examples of the law/legal system being depicted in fiction?
Why do we like pieces of literature (or films) that have happy endings?
What opinions do people have on Young Adult Literature being read by pre-teens?
What fiction genre sells the most novels?
How come the best novel writers were and are still mostly Europeans?
I remember reading about a country's royal family that was killed while riding a roller coaster. Supposedly, the G forces snapped their necks and they died instantly. Did this actually happen? Does anyone have the details? Was it something in fiction?
How many words are there in the Chinese classic novel "Journey to the West"?
What are good novels set in Paris?
What is the best thing about reading books?
What is a small press putting out great works of which you think others should be aware?
What is the most interesting short story you ever heard based on observation of our daily life?
What science fiction book would you recommend for a book club of non sci-fi readers?
What is the best English translation of Tolstoy's 'Resurrection'?
What are the best Jalil books or novels to read?
What are the great literary classics of the theatre of Egypt?
What authors should I read for examples of good dialogue?
Does Gatsby really love Daisy, and if so why?
What is the best description of college life in literature that you ever read?
If I could read only one book to help me write fiction better (science fiction, cyberpunk or fantasy), which one should I read?
What is the relationship between the plot and theme in Muriel Spark's "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie"?
What is the best description of sound in literature ever written?
Can you help me edit some poems?
What are some epic blank verse narratives written in contemporary English?
What is a short story English novel?
What are the best gay fiction novels you have read and why?
What chapter, section, or point in a fiction or non-fiction book completely ruined an otherwise perfect reading experience?
Are the classical epics in any religion/culture works of fiction or are they works of history?
I am an engineering graduate, and very passionate about traveling and literature. I am an extrovert and enjoy talking and sharing ideas (mainly literature related). Are there any career prospects for me which will help me do both of the things mentioned?
Does Pride and Prejudice bring out Jane Austen's belief that education is an important role in forming a person's character?
Is there still a market for novels about Russian spies?
How does the title "To Kill A Mockingbird" justify the story in the book?
Why didn't Brave New World get the same popularity as 1984?
What is your favorite modern literature book? Why?
What fictional work has the most characters of all time?
What makes Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire special for you?
What are some good novels about rebellion or anti-conformity?
Have you ever read a work of fiction that profoundly affected you and changed your life, and if so, what was it and why?
How does Khaled Hosseini (author) research his characters and plot before embarking upon a project?
Do authors of historical fiction and literary fiction tend to avoid contractions when writing dialogue between characters?
What is a complete list of all fiction genres?
Atlas Shrugged (1957 book): Who was better, Henry Rearden, Fransisco, Ragnar or Galt?
What book have you had the hardest time completing?
What are some good literature or literary books related to the Catholic church?
What English plays would you recommend to someone who has just started reading such stuff?
What is the most famous literary description of the Ganges, India?
If you were a woman living in the 19th century, would you rather marry Michael Henchard or Donald Farfrae?
Any literary works influenced by the Harry Potter series?
If Footballers were to be cast in the Game of Thrones saga, who would play whom?
Is it necessary for a work of fiction to adhere to literary rules?
Who are some other notable authors of Paolo Coelho's genre?
What is the most famous literary description of a mountain?
What exactly happens in the short story "Judge Gladys Parks-Schultz" by Heidi Julavits?
Which are the best literary fiction books (especially for people that haven't read many)?
What is the title of the book by Terrence Strong that features the character O'Rourke?
What novels, if any, begin and end with the same line?
What are some of the most genial metaphors or symbols found in a movie or literary work? Why?
What are the best slice-of-life fiction books for young, but advanced readers?
What are some great recent novels dealing with ethical dilemmas?
What is an explanation of these bolded lines from Catch-22's chapter, 'Snowden'?
The ultimate task of Fielding's "Tom Jones" is to unite lovers without any critique on the social order. Do you agree?
Which is the best historical mystery novel?
What are the funniest novels everybody should read atleast once in his life?
Would you use a site that connects beta readers with authors?
What are some short stories that can attract children's attention?
What might some dating site profiles of fictional characters look like?
What courses help enhance your novel writing skills?
Why did surrealism have a greater influence in the art of painting and of film more than in literature?
What’s the meaning of “profession sudden actions and off hand gestures” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
Which fictional books have a philosophical undertone?
Will J.K. Rowling win the Nobel Prize in Literature, or is it unlikely?
What are some good ways to judge a book before buying it?
What does the word "mazel tov" mean?
What is the most important scene in a film or play that involves a dialogue (or counterpoint) between three characters?
Opinions: What are some differences between popular films and the books they're based on?
What’s meaning of “His mind went into theories” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
What genre is Mark Zusak's "The Book Thief"?
What is the shortest book (especially fiction) that people have had the most difficulty reading the whole way to the end?
What books have their own story personified within the book itself?
Is Gatsby too good for Daisy?
Which fictional characters do you look up to? Why?
What are some good taglines/mottos for a literary arts team of a college?
Which fictional character's visualisation or picturisation do you hate?
Do you know of any book that lends itself to endless readings and re-readings, continuing to please and inspire/instruct or awe?
In which order should the leading character in a novel introduce himself?
How do mermaids reproduce?
What is the most famous literary description of Tokyo?
What are some of the best cerebral fiction books?
What are your favourite literary fiction books published so far in 2013?
The Art Of Manliness: What are some of the "manliest" novels?
What is the author trying to convey by making Watson and Holmes call each other by their last names, even though they are close friends?
Which novels deal with multicultural societies?
Literary Fiction: Was Sherlock Holmes real?
What are some of the best parties and/or dinner parties in literature?
What are the famous novels of William Shakespeare?
What fictitious character represents the 21st Century the best?
What things are so typical of a fantasy novel that you would do good in excluding them for that very reason?
Does Daisy love Gatsby?
What is the most famous literary description of Rome?
What is the difference between genre fiction and proper literature?
What are some classic works of queer literature?
Who brought the concept of human souls first: philosophers or religious people?
What are the best works of literature about living in the age of the Internet?
What do all great literary works have in common?
What makes a book "literate"?
Is Ernest Hemingway overrated?
Are there any notable literary or legendary characters from world literature or myth who constantly correct others, especially linguistic mistakes?
Would you consider JK Rowling a good children's book writer?
What’s the meaning of “landscape suicide” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
Literary Fiction: Is Ashwin Sanghi's The Rozabal Line based on true facts?
Mythology: What are the top five most frightening mythical creatures?
What books are in every president's library? What books do you think every president has read or should read?
Are there any novels where the protagonist and antagonist never meet, or where the protagonist never realizes that an antagonist exists?
What are the best online writing courses?
Who said "Silence is power. Knowledge is more powerful still"? If you have nothing, and are considered nothing, would this statement be a valid one? Would you agree?
What is the most famous literary description of Dublin?
Is the book The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini good and readable? Why?
Have you ever experienced the shock of looking at the reviews of a book you loved and seeing that some readers hated it?
What is the most famous literary description of St. Petersburg?
How do books by Indian authors whose writing is ordinary at best, attain such popularity and fame in our country?
What are some good books (both fiction and otherwise) to read on the siege of Vienna (both of them?
In the Hemingway story The Three Day Blow what's the meaning of the line "But we've got pretty good dope for being so far away?" Is "dope" referring to "news?"
Is Blogging the best vehicle for Creative Writing?
What are some good websites to promote the launch of a science fiction novel on kickstarter/indiegogo?
What are some examples of authors whose most famous books aren't their best ones (or their masterpieces)?
What is the most famous literary description of Los Angeles?
What books would a PG Wodehouse fan definitely like?
Suggest best gay contemporary literature?
The Hindus by Wendy Doniger is going to be pulped in India and pulled out of circulation by Penguin India. What other books would you like to see banned?
The characters in a book I'm writing quote from Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises.  By using these quotations, am I violating copyright laws?
Which of Hemingway's short stories are set in Cuba?
What is the most famous literary description of Hong Kong?
If you could rewrite literary history and give one "couple" a happy ending, who would it be and why?
What are some good fiction novels with feminism as a theme?
What novels portray diabetic characters?
Do you remember the words that made a particular scene that you liked in a novel?
Literary Fiction: What are the funniest novels of all time?
What do atheists think of Tolkien, and fantasy in general?
What are some novels/stories that are similar to Woody Allen's films? Sophisticated, complicated, intelligent, complex relationships etc., and of course, romantic!
What novels have a plot like that featured in the Dire Straits song "Telegraph Road"? Which authors have written such a plot?
What is the most famous literary description of Athens?
How and where do you buy books?
Which genre does Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality belong to?
What is the most irresistible subject matter for a best-selling novel?
What will I gain from attending the annual conference of the Association of Writers & Writing Programs (AWP)?
What’s meaning of “put things in their place” in the book, Coming through Slaughter?
Would it be accurate to say that the megalomaniac villains in fiction who also happen to be doctors would most likely qualify as doctors in engineering, biology, and/or chemistry in real life, even if their fields of expertise are never elaborated on?
Did Jordan really care about Nick?
Do fictional movies get poor reviews, ratings, etc if you don't get your space facts right?
What is the most famous literary description of London?
What books should be on a Literary Canon in school?
Do you think JK Rowling will be known 1,000 years from now? Why or why not?
Can Sherlock solve the mysteries solved by Robert Langdon?
Literary Fiction: What classic novel(s) do you find most relevant or relatable to your own life? Why?
What are some short and preferably significant, classic fiction works?
Ulysses (1922 book): “Is there a more multimedia work than ‘Ulysses’?”
Who is the most ambitious character ever created? Why?
How would you steal an artifact from the Museum of National American History?
Literary Fiction: Should Ashwin Sanghi be regarded as the Indian Dan Brown?
What is the common word that doesn't strike you at the time of need?
Which fictional character's death in a book upset you the most?
Would you read literary works written by those who have low moral standards?
Which is more pathetic: Twilight or 50 Shades of Grey? Why?
Stephen King once said, "Fiction is the truth inside the lie." What do you think he meant, and why?
What are the rhetorical devices found in the poem "Speak" by Phillip B. Williams?
Do you think that is ever okay to be preachy in writing a story?
Why do some people consider the fantasy genre childish?
Which Chinese authors' work are highly recommended?
What is the most famous literary reference to Jerusalem?
What character says this quote?
What are the thematic differences between Baz Luhrmann's version of The Great Gatsby and the book?
Which is your favourite couplet?
Are there any pertinent ways to finish writing your first fiction novel?
Which literature i should go for if i am preparing for CAT?
What are free online education resources for English literature and criticism like edX and Udacity for science and tech?
Douglas Adams: In the H2G2 series, there is a planet where supposedly, some poor student's lost pens would go after he lost them. If you visited your planet of lost items, how content would you be to move and live there permanently?
Is there any good English/British literature to recommend? I've read Alan Sillitoe's Saturday Night Sunday Morning, I like the British humor and values seen by the main character. Wondering if there's novel that is grounded, delicate, and inspiring?
What are some classic story elements that people never get bored of?
Which is the best fictional character that describes or resembles you to the greatest extent?
What type of people love science fiction movies?
Gabriel García Márquez (author): Why is 'One Hundred Years of Solitude' a richer and more brilliant work of fiction than 'Love in the Time of Cholera'?
English Literature students: How do you go about studying a novel?
Creative Works of Fiction...Have you read a book inside a book, could you recommend it to me - by providing its name?
Creative Writing: If your favorite character(s) were on Quora, whom and what would they be following and what would be the questions that they would ask?
What are some of the best novels that deal with the themes of moral ambiguity?
What are some life changing works of literature?
What is the most famous literary description of the desert?
Literary Fiction: What has Marisha Pessl been doing the years between the release of her two novels?
What is some of the greatest American Southern literature?
Who are the greatest writers to never have won the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Who is your favorite fictional character from classic American literature and what best describes them?
What is the most famous literary reference to the Great Wall of China?
Literary Fiction: What has more chances of succeeding? Story ending with a marriage or sweet revenge?
What’s meaning of “There was no control except the mood of his power” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
Is The Cave (David Click: 9780615832760: Amazon.com: Books) a novel you would consider reading? Why or why not?
What is the most famous literary description of Berlin?
Will works of fiction about robots published in the past and recent years ever help us to establish some basic laws of robotics in near future?
What are some of the best literary quotes?
Is it possible to make money from literary journals?
Why do people read books or watch movies that are sad?
Who are some quality, new authors of fiction?
What is the current relation of philosophy to the imagination?
Should the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction now be open to non-American writers?
What is the best lesbian/gay novel have you ever read?
What works of fiction have caused a huge culture shift?
What is your favourite monologue from a TV Show, Film, or Book?
What are some informative yet entertaining books/novels?
What is the definitive website for literary theory/criticism?
Which novel/article/short story do you feel is the most comical or satirical piece of writing in English?
Literary Fiction: Which was the most unexpected beginning, of a novel?
What is your favourite novel? What is your favorite line from that novel?
What is the most famous literary description of Paris?
What's the best way to include my Quora activity in a book proposal?
How do authors differentiate accents of different characters in a novel?
Who was the first to use the werewolves versus vampires deal?
How do you read Don Delillo's Falling Man from a postmodernist perspective?
What are some good P.G Wodehouse books, excluding the Jeeves and Psmith ones?
What are some science fiction novels that deal with delusions of grandeur?
What’s the hardest part about publishing a novel?
What are some instances when historians and anthropologists have made use of the statement, " [t] he past is a foreign country: they do things differently there"?
Who are some of the most inspirational book characters?
Who are the best literary agents that represent ya urban fantasy?
How is sarcasm best served?
What are some of the best dramatic scenes in literature to read?
Who are some YA authors that everyone should read?
Who is equivalent to P.G Wodehouse in hindi novels/literature?
What is a prime example of the blur between non-fiction and fiction in literature?
What is the most misunderstood literary novel?
What would MR James have thought of Susan Hill's novel "The Woman in Black"?
What is the best literature you have read in your life?
What are the real world equivalents of races described by Tolkien?
What are the three must read books by Tom Clancy?
What was the inspiration behind Shangri La in James Hilton's "Lost Horizon"?
What maketh you smile?
What does the phrase "creative differences" really mean in entertainment?
What is the most exciting and thrilling novel you have read (not strictly detective)?
Why might someone say J.K. Rowling is a bad writer?
What are the three must read books by Alistair Maclean?
What are the good fiction that deals with sexuality in America?
What are some famous literary works that deny the existence of God?
Which are the must-read fiction books? And how have they influenced you?
What is the market (if any) for utopian science fiction? Have any writers attempted this recently?
Big Hero 6 (2014 movie): Where is San Fransokyo?
Which one do you like? Reading the entire book collection or watching the entire movie collection? Why?
What does a close reading of "A Game of Thrones" reveal?
What are some overhyped novels other than Twilight?
Where can I get a copy of science fiction writer Connie Willis' story "At the Rialto"?
Are novels more respected than short stories? If so, why?
Why are so many works of science fiction so unrealistic?
Why does excellent fiction go out of print?
What novel should every entrepreneur have read in his life?
What are the best fan fiction writers of the crime shows?
Is it clichéd to write a novel where each chapter is the perspective of a different character?
Is my poetry good? Do I have a chance of being a decent poet?
How does Harry Potter influence modern literature?
What made J.K. Rowling famous? Why?
What are some good literature references/quotations that can be used for a quiz club t-shirt?
Which book is the best literary work of Narayan Sanyal?
What is the most famous literary description of Rio de Janeiro?
Why are most English novels written in the past tense?
Where can I find information about the history of dragons in literature? Most of all just a work about dragons which is not a fiction.
LITERATURE: What are good discussion questions (college level) for the non-fiction work "The Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass"?
What are some poems that you can come up with written from the perspective of different fictional characters?
It's post-apocalyptic times. Human life on Earth has ended and only you survived. How will you proceed with your life?
Who are some other authors with a writing style similar (or similar quality) to George RR Martin?
What is hysterical literature?
Why is most of the American literature today focused on fiction, crime, detectives and so on?
What’s the meaning of “accidental notes” in the book Coming through Slaughter?
What is the name of the novel that features an androgenous female claiming to be the returned Christ?
What are the movies and novels that are similar (as in similar in terms of character, plot, setting, etc) to godfather?
What are some of the memorable moments or examples where paraphrasing a previous statement made a huge difference?
What can help me, as a writer who is stuck in non-fiction or slightly fictionalized memoir, move squarely into the realm of pure fiction?
Are Ruskin Bond stories completely fiction?
Do you like to read fiction in the past or present tense? Why? Why would a writer choose one versus the other?
Am I the only one who can sense the proliferation of depth in Khaled Hosseini's writing from "The Kite Runner" to "A Thousand Splendid Suns"?
What is the critical reception of JK Rowling's book "The Cuckoo's Calling"?
What are some novels that left you with a sense of inner peace?
What are some examples of foils that were more memorable than antagonists?
What's the most erotic novel you've ever read?
Why is Oscar Wilde such an important literary figure?
Which prominent authors/poets actively write online?
What is the most profound metaphor you know?
Literary Fiction: How can I gain access to and read these three, unpublished, short stories by JD Salinger? https://app.net/b/wgvq0
What are some good, long quotes by Donia in the Wicked Lovely series by Melissa Marr?
When is the best time to end chapters when writing a novel?
Who is the best written and developed literary character?
Which novel has the best first page?
Who are the top ten contemporary authors in Hindi Literature? The ones who are still writing and are most talked about these days, they may also qualify as 'young crop of Hindi writers'.
What is the most famous literary description of Las Vegas?
What is the most tragic novel you have ever read?
What are some good maritime or sea adventure novels?
What is the best, but little known, John Steinbeck novel?
What is the future of Christian-themed novels?
Literary Fiction: What are some interesting comparisons between the works and ideologies of Orwell and Vonnegut?
Should I launch a crowdfunding campaign for my autism novel so it coincides with National Autism Awareness Month, or should I wait until after?
What are ways to avoid "information dumps" when writing the first chapter of a book?
Is it weird for a 19 year old boy to love works written by female authors?
Who is the new JK Rowling of 2014?
What is the most depressing death in literature?
How would people describe Hemingway's writing style?
If you had your own Book Club, what would you name it?
Fiction: Who is the most memorable protagonist/character you have come across?
What's the main conflict between Lex Luthor and Superman?
What are some hilarious passages from classic lit/literary fiction?
Snow White: In English, what are the seven dwarves names?
What canon did 19th century women's literature draw from?
What is a good fiction book on grief or that explores grief in an interesting way?
Literary Fiction: What is the name of this novel?
What was the story about a king who determined the life of a man from his birth to his death?
Which novels have the strongest male protagonist?
What fictional character(s) do you most resemble?
How can we teach culture through literature and in which books, novels, poems, plays and essays we get a glimpse of respective culture?
I keep re-reading the lines in a novel for no reason at all. Is this normal or is it only me?
What is the most famous literary reference to the Taj Mahal?
How much does the New Yorker pay per word for published short stories?
What do you like about Italo Calvino's fiction? What's so great about it?
What are the best literary conspiracy novels?
How can I stay current with up and coming science fiction authors and novels?
What are examples of authors making good use of Pinterest?
What are some tips for writing a character that could easily be defined as a badass?
What message is the short story "The Fisherman and His Soul" by Oscar Wilde trying convey?
What is your favorite novel about Pirates?
What are good novels that involve bdsm?
What are some of the funniest plays ever written in English?
Does the first novel in a series usually bear the same title as the series itself?
What’s the meaning of “saved by its fictional quality and nothing else” in the book Coming Through Slaughter?
As a writer, what is an example of a good day and of a bad day?
What are some of the best apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic scenarios featured in movies or in a TV series?
What is the most famous literary description of Moscow?
Giving importance to style than substance, what is your favourite sentence from a prose work?
Are there any people like Lisbeth Salander (fiction and otherwise) who have constructively used their ability to read complex patterns (asperger's syndrome)?
What is the jury's verdict in To Kill a Mockingbird (1960 book)?
What is the most famous literary description of New York?
Literary Fiction: Who are literature's most interesting muses?
Who are your favourite and least favourite characters in Watership Down, Richard Adams?
In the current day, what's the "Burning Bush," and if such a lexicon can be defined, "Who's Moses"?
Is there any fiction book series in line of Harry Potter?
If there could be a worthy adversary to Sherlock Holmes other than Prof Moriarty, who would it be?
In fiction writing, how do you get the right voice for characters who are obviously not English speaking?
What are the rules to remember on worldbuilding?
Are there any recent science fiction novels where menial jobs have all been automated?
What are some of the most popular comical non English phrases/expressions ever used in any kind of literature, movies, or cartoons?
How would it be if George R. R. Martin died before completing the last two novels of ASOIAF, and J.K Rowling takes up the task of finishing them from the notes left behind by Martin?
Is the universe imagined in the Mass Effect series comparable to that of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings?
What is a book that you might not usually recommend (due to subject matter, reading difficulty, etc.) but that would be great for a book club?
Is The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger great literature?
Is it possible that a real person can be exactly the same with a fictitious character?
How can budding creative writers get published and make money?
What is the root cause of Caesar's death in Shakespeare's play, Julius Caesar?
Which are the research options for engaging with abstractions?
Who are the Boo Radleys of today?
What are some good novels to read on the beach?
What brilliant stories of self-fulfilling prophecy are there in fiction books?
Who are some similar authors to Matthew Reilly, James Rollin?
How will Tom Clancy be remembered by the literary community?
What are your favorite opening lines from a book?
I am looking for a new book which is worth reading. It may be fictional/non-fictional/motivational. Any good book that you have read and would like to recommend?
What are the best examples of horrible dialogue in modern literature?
What other works of literature influenced JK Rowling?
Literary Fiction: What is the most accurate or provocative metaphor for Hope you've ever come across?
What are some examples in fiction where the omniscient narrator will, on occasion, reflect through word choice the opinion, mood, or world view of a given character in a scene?
What are some tricks to make your character more relatable?
Who is your most relatable fictional character?
Is Kafka overrated in your opinion?
Is the word "nay" too archaic to use in fiction?
What are some of the best novels of 2013?
What is the most powerful sentence from your favorite novel?
What are the best first person narratives that you have read?
Which characters in literature are intelligent and belong to modest social class?
Why is the story of Noah's Ark so popular as a children's story (and even toys!) when it's actually about a god destroying the world and cruelly drowing tons of people (babies included) and animals (except fish)?
Who is the best literary agent in the self-help/personal development/motivational niche in NYC?
What do you really think about the prose of Harry Potter?
What are some of the must read business novels of all time?
What are some great literary work featuring Tenali Raman?
Who are the best teachers in fiction?
How can science fiction literature be classified over each decade starting from the '30s up to now?
What are the words graduates must know?
Literary Fiction: Which is the best short stories collection?
If you could change the ending of a novel, which one would you choose and why?
Do you think movies are as significant as books in telling stories? Why or why not?
What are some of the good books (fiction or non fiction) that contain good philosophical elements in it something like Fountainhead, Crime and punishment?
How much description is necessary when writing a story?
Why is "literary fiction" thought of as better than popular fiction and is it really?
What books did you rediscover as you got older, i.e. found some some depth and meaning in them that you didn't see before?
What are some of the worst metaphors/similes in famous pieces of  fiction?
Literary Fiction: What are the most difficult English language books to read?
What are some classic examples of moral dilemmas from movies, literary fiction or history?
Which Philosophers have the most interesting approaches to describing the nature of Fiction?
Why isn't science fiction literature taken more seriously?
Fantasy (genre): Does Jasper Fforde have any fans here?
Which Quorans are native English speakers but fluent in German?
Why is David Foster Wallace important as a literary figure?
What are the biggest differences between the first and final drafts of works of fiction?
To Kill a Mockingbird (1960 book): Does Boo Radley have psychological/mental health/emotional issues, or is he just an odd recluse?
What are some examples of "good" fictional mega-corporations?
Who are the fiction/poetry writers who are in the heights of their careers today who actually have a meaningful impact on society?
What are the most powerful and insightful short stories that you have read?
What are some other books like The Sabbatical by Frederick Pinto?
What actresses should be cast to play Sheila and Margaux if Sheila Heti's 2012 novel "How Should A Person Be" were made into a movie?
Do fiction writers typically want others to continue using their settings, ideas, or characters after their deaths?
Who are some of the best fictional characters and why?
What kind of science fiction do you wish there was more of in literary fiction?
What is some fictional literature treating the theme of climate change?
How did Franz Kafka influence 20th century literature?
Are there any "language teaching novels" that start with a very small vocabulary and gradually introduce new words as the novel progresses?
What fictional books, other than "To Kill A Mockingbird"  best capture the spirit of Alabama?
Why does Voltaire make Cunegonde ugly at the end of his book Candide?
What book(s) should I pick up and read?
What is Don DeLillo's Cosmopolis really about?
What are the most iconic book covers of all time?
Why are most fictional books written by individual authors, rather than by a team of authors?
Literary Fiction: Which stories/novels deal with rape, specifically how it affects the people around the victim?
Why is the Hindu pantheon consistently missing from Gaiman's work?
What is the most disappointing movie adaptation of a novel?
How would you differentiate between a planet and a city in science-space fiction stories?
What lines can I use to convince someone that I read "The Hitchhiker Guide to the Galaxy"?
What are the best novels/short stories written in the style of a letter or an email to someone?
What are some of the greatest depictions of feminine cruelty/evil in the arts?
Which single work of fiction do you think has had the most positive impact on the world?
What is the most frightening book you've read, fiction or otherwise?
What books have the best teaching on compassion?
What is the most heartbreaking story ever told? Fiction or non of any format.
Why are many English novels named after their main character while Chinese novels rarely are?
Why don't they have electricity in Hogwarts?
In fiction, how do you make the end difficult to guess?
What has Roberto Bolano written or said about Harold Bloom?
Who buys penguin classics and why?
What could be possible endings for The Shiva Trilogy?
In literature and film the quest for the magic power (or in effect superpower status) is seen as immoral.  Why do we see it as immoral in literature and film, but as moral in real life?
What makes 'The Shiva Triology' so exciting to read despite being a mythological story?
What novels or films feature messianic figures, or characters with great vision or ambition almost bordering on the messianic?
What are some ways to make people sympathize with an unlikeable, flawed protagonist?
What would make a fictional character be an elitist even though his family amassed wealth by robbing people? Would the following be a good justification? What other justifications would come to your mind, I am writing a story?
Literary Fiction: What is the name of the book about a girl in a mental hospital...
Philip Roth (author): What links the novels American Pastoral, I Married a Communist and Human Stain?
Are semi-autobiographical books worth writing?
What is so great about John Updike?
What fictional book would you most like to live out?
Can someone illustrate how Bartimaeus looked like?
Who is your favourite literary character? Why?
How likely is it that the "Pulp! The Classics" approach will attract more readers to great classic fiction?
How realistic were the characters and lifestyle in Less Than Zero?
What are your top 5 Stephen King novels?
What are the best American road trip novels?
What are the steps to writing a mystery novel?
How does one simply read Infinite Jest?
What literary fiction authors would people be surprised to find out also wrote science fiction?
What are some elements in Harry Potter which seem unoriginal/are plagiarized?
Short Stories: How exactly did you feel after reading Nate, the snake?
Do readers adopt personality traits of fictional characters they identify with?
Literary Fiction: What "facts" mentioned in 'The Krishna Key' by Ashwin Sanghi are actually true?
What is your opinion about Bernard Shaw's dream of  language reform in English (kaos in ce klasrum) ?
Do you have the same name as any fictional characters?
In literature, why is melancholy and death often considered noble and romantic?
Who are some interesting Brazilian science fiction writers?
Literary Fiction: What are some great coming-of-age books for a high-school senior to read?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the best analogies found in literature works or books?
What aspects of the novel "The Mothman Prophecies" by John Keel are non-fiction?
In what order should I read the Poirot novels?
Who are some fiction writers making good use of the internet to promote themselves?
In your opinion, who among the current authors will be remembered and talked about 200-400 years from now?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the best novels of 2012?
Is there any Swiss Literature translated into English?
What is meant by the romantic hero figure?
How can a non-writing-related major get literary fiction published?
Who are some of the coolest vampires in fiction?
What makes Proust a neuroscientist?
Literary Fiction: Is there a name for the style of writing such as Jennifer Egan's A Visit from the Goon Squad or Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette, where author combines the narrative with e-mail exchange, charts, and other different kinds of prose?
Is proposing a hypothesis as a fictional book a good idea? If so, how?
What are some of the greatest love stories in literary history?
Which is the best available English translation of Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis?
What is so controversial about Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses? Why is it banned in different countries?
Culturally speaking, what has been the best year of the 21st Century so far?
Who is the greatest fictional character of all time and why?
What fictional character would you like to be and why?
Who are some of the most intelligent characters in literary history?
Who has been the greatest detective?
What recent books are considered great literature?
Why do the current Young Adult Fiction writers so overwhelmingly cater to female readers?
What are some must-read short story collections?
What are your favorite examples of great "last laughs"?
A friend asked me for feedback on his creative writing and I don't read fiction in general so I'm probably not the best person to ask but I thought it was awful. What should I say?
What fictitious character represents the 20th Century the best?
What are some of the great rivalries in literary history?
How did writer Iain Banks contribute to the science fiction genre?
What are some interesting literary devices used to tell a story?
What fantasy or science fiction novel(s) would you like to see adapted to a movie or TV series format?
What are some good ways for a fiction reader to get to know a character?
Why is the long-awaited sequel for Stephen King's The Shining entitled Dr. Sleep?
What is the best novel ever written by Jeffrey Archer?
Who would win a fight between Jack Reacher and Spenser?
What real locations have provided the most  evocative settings for literary works?
What motivates you to write fiction?
Is it ok to use the name of government agencies in fictional work?
What are some of the best songs and poems about the Taj Mahal?
What alternate endings could you imagine to The Great Gatsby?
What is the most frustrating part of the writing process?
What does Miss Havisham represent in Great Expectations by Charles Dickens?
In the Great Gatsby book, what illusion is created by Gatsby´s smile?
Name any blogs or websites that increases our creativity in writing a good story in English launguage?
What is the best literature work on envy?
Literary Fiction: Is it worth the while to translate your own novel to self-publish it in Amazon?
What are the best gangster fiction novels?
Why do people like Khaled Hosseini as a writer?
What is the significance of literary fiction (compared with journalism, film, song lyrics)?
How many people have created fictional languages in novels, movies and stuff?
What is the greatest fictional city?
What are some of the reasons that a person reads a book more than once? and what are some books that should be read more than once ?
Roberto Bolaño: What are some things I might not know about "By Night in Chile"?
Literary Fiction: What are famous stories (books/movies) that are just Shakespeare derivatives?
Who are the some of the best African fiction writers?
Why are fictional depictions of expansive empty blank white landscapes/spaces so popular and what are some good examples?
Do Kavalier and Clay continue to work together following the resolution of the novel?
What are the best ten opening lines in mystery fiction?
Does every story contain a moral?
Who are some of the most evil child characters of all time?
Why is Lord of The Rings still so popular?
Literary Fiction: What is the significance of the Tiger in Jonathan Lethem's Chronic City?
What is the meaning of the phrase "the vast amount of tea people seem to drink"?
Who are some great contemporary fiction writers in their 20s?
What is the plot of "The Sun Also Rises" about?
What was Ernest Hemingway's progression as a writer like?
What is the process of writing a romantic fictional novel?
What would be a good plot for a language teaching novel that starts with a very small vocabulary and gradually introduces words as the novel progresses?
How is literature affected by the mixing of cultures of Mexico and the United States?
What are some short stories that I can read to give me an idea of author's work before diving into a novel?
What is "negative space" in literary fiction?
What are some good alternative children's story collections?
What are the connections between J.R.R. Tolkien's work and World War One?
Hamlet (play): What does "To be or not to be" mean to you?
If you could experience a month in the mind of any fictional character, which mind would you choose? Why?
What is the difference between Harry Potter magic and magics from other fictional(it is fiction because I'm a muggle) worlds?
What are the best novels set during the period of the Black Death?
What is so great about Jonathan Franzen?
What other (preferably contemporary) novels do you recommend to a fan of the works of Oscar Wilde?
What are the most controversial books of all time?
Are there any well-regarded, epic-length novels written by female authors (besides Ayn Rand)?
Do you think that James Potter Series would also attract filmmakers like harry potter?
What are some novels whose plots involve a game of chess?
Which science fiction stories are most plausible?
Literary Fiction: What is the best name for the male protagonist of a sci-fi novel?
What are the best works based on Greek mythology?
The Godfather (1972 movie): Is Vito Corleone a good person?
Literary Fiction: Which are the best James Hadley Chase Novels and Short Stories in terms of plot and sub plots?
I am writing a novel and facing a block regarding conclusion, give suggestions pls?.
Is it possible for someone to have super genius cognizance like Sherlock Holmes?
What are some of the best quotes about the power of stories and story-telling?
What is a good literary fiction recommendation for an eighteen year old girl who likes Dan Brown?
What are the best books or text books about modern literature and literary theory?
Which fictional character has the highest net worth in the real world?
What are some reasons for favouring non-fiction over fiction?
Who is the best fictional manager in your view?
As a fiction writer, how do you get into a character's head?
When was humor first introduced in literature?
What writers displayed exceptional style but offered little to no interesting substance in their work?
What are some great gay-themed novels?
What existing works have had influences on the Harry Potter series, and how?
If I had 6 months before I died, what one book from every genre should I read so that I don't miss out on anything really worth reading?
Who are some of the greatest contemporary weird-genre authors?
If Sherlock Holmes was a criminal, would he have been capable of committing a perfect crime?
Literary Fiction: Why haven't Duolingo's lesson sentences been specifically written to collectively form a short story/novel to encourage people to do more lessons?
What are some plots that deal with characters approaching godhood? (Apotheosis)
What are some examples of anachronisms in highly successful works of art, films, or literature?
Is Jane Eyre a good character?
Why do people hate literary fiction?
Is there too much "negative space" in modern fiction?
Literary Fiction: What are some of the greatest chapters in the history of the novel?
Who are the greatest female characters and why?
Literary Fiction: Why didn't Jean Valjean kill himself?
Who are some of the most impressive teacher/student or mentor/protegee pair in fiction?
Who have been some artists whose art was completely different from what their contemporaries were doing?
Has Quora appeared in any works of fiction?
Is much of literary analysis about insights into an author's work that the author did not even intend?
How would one go about reinventing the novel today as a literary form in a deep way?
What are some famous literary manifestos?
What are major aspects that must be judged or weighed before one jumps to writing fiction?
What is so great about Kazuo Ishiguro?
Has anyone solved the central mystery in Roberto Bolano's 2666?
What are some of the most innovative recent science fiction novels?
How do I suppress an addiction to fictional stories/tales?
What are your favourite French books?
In "The Things They Carried," the author admits to not telling the exact truth in his stories: does this matter?
Is there any good writing where the narrator is someone the reader would hate?
Who are some of the most affecting teachers in fiction? Why do you think so?
I like literary fiction writer's essays but not their fiction...Who else should I read?
If there was a real Batman/Superman, would we consider him an outlaw and a bad person?
Who is the most memorable book character of the 20th century?
What are some good places in the New York City area to read from my forthcoming book this summer?
Literary Fiction: Can you suggest some new writers for my reading list?  I'm fond of  Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Steinbeck and Updike.
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite fictional book, who would it be, and why?
Who are some of the most likeable child characters of all time?
What are some classic fiction novels of the 20th century?
Which past winning or overlooked passage is deserving of a Literary Review's Bad Sex in Fiction award?
What are some examples of a novel where the protagonist goes through a transformation that makes him the villain?
George R. R. Martin (author): Are the Dunk and Egg novellas any good/worth reading?
What are some good contemporary novels that are about, in some sense, american obesity?
Why do we love to discuss books, tv shows, or any other work of fiction with others when we know these events are fake?
If I enjoy the philosophies of Kurt Vonnegut, Doug Adams & Bill Watterson, what other works should I read?
In the book, what's the deal with Lucy Mancini's subplot?
How did Jane Austen enter our literary canon?
What are some reasons for favouring fiction over non-fiction?
What makes Tyrion Lannister such a compelling character?
Literary Fiction: What's the most beautiful picture a person can paint with words?
What are some excellent pieces of flash fiction?
Which novels describe well the challenges and the process of leadership?
What is Plympton?
What are some of the vastest and/or most beautiful worlds you have met through literature?
What are some of the greatest and most intriguing pieces of literature ever crafted?
Which are the best religious fiction books by Indian authors?
Literary Fiction: Why is Philip Roth's novel The Plot Against America so rarely mentioned in discussions of his work?
Who are the most interesting fictional collectors in literature?
What is the law regarding featuring real people or companies in pieces of fiction?
Has any work of literature affected a nation's policy?
What is so great about Machado de Assis (Brazilian author)?
What fiction book changed your life?
Can Fantasy Crime Fiction be really good?
Literary Fiction: Should the Shiva Trilogy be made into a TV series or a trio of movies?
What ghost story book scared you most, and how does it so?
Could you be sued for writing a novel that mirrors another novel as a "homage"?
What are some deep and satisfying literary audiobooks that are not depressing?
Literary Fiction: What's the thought process behind writing detective stories?
What books have the most wisdom on love?
What are some works of literature in which the protagonist contemplates committing suicide, but does not follow through?
While some references state that Vandhiyathevan of Ponniyin Selvan Fame is clearly a fictional character, some of the pages, including Wikipedia state that Vandhiyathevan was very much a realistic character who married Kundhavai. Which is correct?
What are the best fiction books where somebody is marooned or crash lands and has to survive alone?
Which are some of the best books on German history?
The Catcher in the Rye (1951 book): What makes Holden Caulfield such a compelling character?
Does Life of Pi make you believe in God?
What is Denis Johnson up to, professionally, in 2012-13?
Literary Fiction: How has the nature of the novel changed since the middle of the last century?
What works/authors skirt the line between literary and genre fiction?
What are the current literary trends in Mexico?
What are the worst science fiction movies?
What did William Faulkner mean when he said, "The past is not dead. It's not even past."?
Which is the best booker prize winning novel ever?
Is there a literary or movie genre around the what I call 'self-aware story'?
Literary Fiction: What are your favorite novels or short stories set in or around the city of Boston?
Are there any cultures that don't have fairy tales?
What are some of the best last lines from books?
What are some incredibly well written pieces about death, facing death, "cheating" death, etc...?
What are the best books and references on the process of writing fiction?
What are some examples of men as muses throughout literary history?
Culturally speaking, what was the best year of the 20th century?
In the book God's Debris, Scott Adams says he has used many techniques to make the reader believe many of the arguments made in the book. What are those techniques/methods/writing style?
Who are the most memorable literary characters of the 19th century?
Which could be the best way/practices/models to Start Up a business based solely on storytelling Intellectual Property?
Why is Satanic Verses banned, considering it's a work of fiction?
Literary Analysis and Criticism: What is the meaning of the last scene in Paul Auster's <Invisible>?
Which 20th century novel has been the most influential in shaping mindsets and changing lives?
What are the better ways to read novels(fiction) faster?
How similar is North Korea to George Orwells' novel 1984?
What are the best books (non-fiction or fiction) about the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II?
Literature of the United States of America: What is "hysterical realism"?
Are there more fiction or nonfiction books published each year?
What fictional character from novels do you most identify with and why?
Literary Fiction: Which French author is known for writing mesmerising prose?
Who are some over re-made characters (and who did them best)?
What fictional character would make a great startup advisor?
Which real person is "W." from Lars Iyer's Spurious trilogy based off?
What are some of the best literary works that centre around an INFP protagonist?
What kind of animal is Ponto in Edgar Allan Poe's Landor's Cottage? Dog or horse?
Literary Fiction: Narration or plot, which is more important?
What did Gustave Flaubert mean when he said, "Madame Bovary, c'est moi."?
What are the most amazing and iconic gadgets/machines ever to be used in a Movie/TV/Book?
Is Dan Brown's Inferno as controversial as his previous writings?
How has the disruption of the publishing industry impacted your life and your work as literary authors?
If don't read Portuguese, should I read José Saramago's books in Spanish or English?
Name of fiction short story where the main character is sued by a company that provided him with nearly half of his body prosthetics...?
What are some must read Russian Literature works?
What would be the best imagined status update for a literary character?
Does Hamlet have dystopic elements? If so, what are some examples?
I read non-fiction voraciously but want to read some more fiction. What novels could you recommend most highly?
What are possible structures for a short story?
Erotica: Should erotic fiction be illegal?
What are the motives for a pseudo-autobiographical account?
I am 24, should I follow the gut that tells me to dedicate my life to writing fiction, despite how precarious such a choice may be?
Irish Literature: Which Maeve Binchy novel is a good choice to read first?
Which books formed your views?
Literary Fiction: Who do you think are some of the sexiest men written in literature?
What are some good literature references/quotations that can be used for a literature club t-shirt?
Which creative geniuses from the last two centuries abstained from all forms of substance abuse?
Literary Fiction: Is there any  basis to "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" story?
Is there a bias against female authors in the literary fiction genre?
Double meanings -- what novel had a main character in it  that really was a symbol for something else (like a social issue)?
Which books can  help increase one's writing skills?
Which fiction writers / poets have good blogs?
What has Harold Bloom said or written about Roberto Bolano?
Literary Fiction: Could someone help me in putting together a list of novelists and essayists that have written in their own life one or 2 , or max 3 books?
Was Sherlock Holmes a misogynist?
Badass: Who is the biggest fictional bad-ass of all time?
Whom should I approach to write a literary work if I've a story to tell?
What "The Old Man and the Sea" by Ernest Hemingway teach you?
Which science fiction novels transcend the genre to be considered literature?
Has anyone out there read JD Salinger's unpublished novels?
Why were many of the critically acclaimed, award-winning books initially rejected by publishers?
What are the greatest military fiction novels?
If you had the choice and opportunity, what fictional character from a book, TV series, or movie would you be and why?
What are great contemporary experimental novels, or other type of literary work?
Literary Fiction: What's the most heartbreaking novel you've ever read?
I have written a novel and want to publish it. What are the points to consider while negotiating with literary agents or publishers?
Who are the greatest literary fiction writers under 35 in 2012?
Literary Fiction: What are "must-read" books in American Literature?
Literary Fiction: How do I find professional reviewers for my new novel?
Who are the greatest writers who did not attend MFA programs, or who dropped out of MFA programs?
How do you write a good fictional sex scene?
Literary Fiction: What genres of books were popular with juveniles around 1900?
What are some novels that address the subject of the internet?
Which short story describes a whole civilization of microbes evolving in a glass or pitcher of water?
What are some book imprints like Angry Robot that "genre mash"?
If I like Elfriede Jelinek, who else should I read?
Is there a database of the names of fictional characters from books, television and film?
What is the difference between anthropomorphism and personification?
Writing Fiction: How hard is it for an amateur author to make money in the ebook and novellette business?
Is Stephen Hero worth reading?
Is a subscription to McSweeney's Quarterly worth the money?
Is The Hunger Games the modern equivalent of Brave New World or Nineteen Eighty-Four?
What are some of the greatest contemporary novels? 
Which book contains a large number of very well known quotes?
What are some great dystopian novels besides Nineteen Eighty-Four, Brave New World, The Giver, and Fahrenheit 451?
Do you agree with this?: "India is becoming new epicenter of world literature, after France of 1960s and Latin America of 1980s" - Orhan Pamuk (on Twitter).
What are some great dystopian works of literature?
What novels have the best closing lines and paragraphs?
What is the best long sentence in an English language work of fiction?
How much does The New Yorker pay for features?
Who writes mysteries in the context of Spanish Civil War?
How long is the average short story?
What is the most common first word in a novel?
What are the advantages of writing fiction in the present tense?
What are the properties that make good fiction so engaging, and why?
What are some examples of complete languages created in fiction?
What are some of the best satirical novels of all time?
Are there any global rules or policies that determine how an author of fiction may weave in public figures in the story line?
Is it horror a valid literary genre?
What are some good novels (or non-fiction narrative works) about World War I flying aces?
What are essential stories, fictions, and historical readings that involve carnivals and circuses?
What novels begin with a dialogue?
What is the process of coming up with a plotline in fiction like?
What role does the modern novel have to play in the egalitarian publishing age of the Internet? How does it differ from other forms of storytelling?
Are gamers at all interested in literary fiction about them?
Is there a "best" English translation of Emile Zola's The Belly of Paris (The Fat and the Thin / Ventre de Paris)?
Which great works of literature have been ignored by the literary canon?
Have any literary genres effectively died out?
What novel best captures the 1980s and why?
What would Dostoevsky have thought of Bolaño's work?
What novel best captures the 1970s and why?
Do modern writers use the Internet to "test drive" their characters?
What were the best novels published in 2009?
What are the best non-fiction books on the history of the novel?
What does a person mean by saying that they have "read a book"?
Who are the best literary agents for a literary fiction writer in NY?
What are some great high-concept "literary" books?
What are some online sites for writing critique groups?
What novels are set during Prohibition era in the US, 1920-1933?
What superhero is a psychologist?
Does a great work of fiction require a moral centre?
Will audio books ever be as relevant as print?
What literary works conventionally considered outside the canon of great works are so good that I should go out and read them immediately?
What novel best captures post-9/11 Manhattan?
Is YouTube an effective channel to promote a literary work? Why or why not?
Palantir Technologies: Any chance of a Nazgul application for those of us into playing Red team? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazg%C3%BBl
What are examples of fiction writers who were late bloomers?
What might you gain or lose by reading a book over a very short span of time?
Who are the greatest English literary translators?
What are the best avant garde novels, and why?
Why did David Foster Wallace choose to go to University of Arizona for an MFA?
What was the name of the novel whose story was as follows?
What is Lydia Davis' finest short story?
What do you think of Paul Harding's Pulitzer-winning book Tinkers?
What are good, recent Argentine novels to help me learn the language and culture while I am in Argentina?
Which stories or movies defy logic yet are still very successful/popular?
Why is Witold Gombrowicz so important in 20th Century literature?
What are some of the most memorable deaths in literary fiction?
How does one promote a young adult urban fantasy novel?
How difficult would it be to fake the prose of acclaimed authors of great literary 'value' and release an apocryphal novel in their name?
Where can I find a collection of Grimms Brothers Fairy Tales in their original form?
Literature of the United States of America: What do you think the importance is of A. Fortiori in Catch-22?
What is the best music to listen to while you write?
What are some prestigious literary novels that illuminate the family lives of NASA scientists?
Who are some of the most morally complex villains?
Where are the latest short stories online?
What are the most important themes in Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings?
Are there any novels even loosely relating to anti-consumerism either written by an Australian, or in an Australian context?
Why doesn't Cormac McCarthy use quotation marks when writing dialogue?
Will J.D. Salinger's unpublished works ever be published?
Storytelling: What fictional character from literature, television or cinema is considered the epitome of enthusiasm?
Are there any English novels with no internal or external dialogue - only 3rd person 'cinematic' description?
What novel best captures the 1960s and why?
Can you be sued for writing biographically inspired fiction?
What are the best short-story magazines?
What are the best, must-read literary essays of the last fifty years?
Are there definitive/proto-novellas in the literary fantastika genre?
What books should everyone have on their shelf in order to create the impression they are an intellectual?
Which authors/books has Michiko Kakutani (New York Times) given notoriously scathing reviews?
What was the most important year in the history of literary fiction?
What were the cultural disappointments of 2011?
Would Darcy really have been that redeemable considering his severe condescending attitude at the beginning of the novel?
What are memorable Selected Shorts episodes?
What terrific literary short stories are available online?
What are some of the most striking metaphors in classic literature?
What recent literary or commercial writers are best known for their ingenious use of language?
What are typical revenue shares for authors of novels or stage plays, and how are they calculated?
What are some of the more intellectually challenging novels?
Who are some of the most memorable tragic figures, either in fiction, movies or in real life? Why?
What would be the characteristics of a reaction against literary postmodernism?
Are there any good summaries of the entirety of Charles Dickens' work?
Why is "Call me Ishmael" regarded as one of the best opening lines in literature?
Which translation of The Master and Margarita is best?
What are some novels dealing with guilt?
What was the last indisputably great novel to have been written?
What famous literary work contains a line like, "from an early age, I have been sure that I have received thoughts and memories not intended for myself"?
What novel best captures pan-European youth culture?
What famous authors committed suicide?
What is Ian McEwan's best novel?
What does "literary fiction" mean today?
What are the best novels that deal with the issue of slavery?
Can an illiterate person become a literery icon?
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD): What is the best thing written (fiction, non-fiction, poetry, etc) about World War I soldiers who suffered from P.T.S.D.?
Where can I find a good fiction ebook marketing expert?
Who are some of literature's most notable fictional womanizers?
What are some movies or novels that feature gifted individuals isolated from or misunderstood by society?
What did Oscar Wilde mean when he said "All art is quite useless"?
What novels have been most influential, socially?
Which works of modern literary fiction feature journalist or photojournalist protagonist?
What is the best book to read over spring break that is preferably a literary classic or science fiction, difficult and under 500 pages?
Is Ayn Rand considered a feminist?
What novel best captures the 1950s and why?
Who are the most interesting minor characters in literature?
Which literary works employ deliberately deceptive narrators?
Has anyone written (or thought of writing) a screen play based on the book Einstein's Dreams?
Literary Fiction: What does it feel like to be an influencer on the internet lit scene?
Why doesn't Jessica have her own chapter in Freedom?
Am I missing out if I just read summaries to save time yet still get the main ideas?
Why do people read fiction books when they can watch fiction movies?
In Paul Bowles' novel The Sheltering Sky, why does Kit disappear into the Sahara after Port's death?
What are some of the great friendships between writers in literary history?
Who is the most well known fictional character in the world today?
How might we introject Psy Z Hundredthoughts, with common thought?
What are some cool, unique story-lines?
When is a good time to send your manuscript to beta readers?
Why does the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development read like something out of an Ian Fleming James Bond story?
What novels are about the course of a family's history over several generations?
What is The New Yorker's fiction "slush pile"?
What is the difference between literary fiction, fiction and novels?
What lies beyond postmodernism?
Now that the Council of Rivendell has almost concluded, what should we do with the One Ring?
Which is the best among Dostoyevsky's novels, and why?
What famous authors were convicted murderers?
What are the most accessible poems of all time?
What is Raymond Chandler's best novel and why?
What is the nature of Literary Criticism?
Which titles might someone particularly recommend by authors Yasunari Kawabata, Yukio Mishima, and Kenzaburo Oe?
In the "Bluest Eye," why does Pecola like to organize things?
Does reading a Haruki Murakami novel in its native Japanese add an extra dimension of meaning that is absent from translations?
What are some of the best quotes from Frank Herbert's Dune series?
What are examples of dense, fantastical literary works that were translated to the screen in Hollywood?
What's the hardest part of writing fiction?
What literary movement or style is most likely to define the present day in years to come?
Literary Fiction: What happens to Ilana in the bath tub at the end of "Closing the Sea?"
Which of the characters is Jeffrey Eugenides most similar to in his book The Marriage Plot?
Anthony Burgess told me that one day he ought to re-read his early novels like The Right to an Answer and The Eve of St Agnes. But is it possible to find a copy of a key early work, The Worm and the Ring - a book which was pulped by the publisher after being the subject of a libel case? And what is the book about?
Who are/were some great writers who were not published until they were at least 26 years old?
Literature:  What are some good recent works of fiction that deal with the topics of sex, love and science --in some combination: that would be appropriate to teach in a college lit class?
Did Bolano revise a lot?
Literary Fiction: What is the best English translation of Madame Bovary?
Are there any good historical novels set at the time of the American Revolution?
Is Kazuo Ishiguro's novel 'When We Were Orphans' any good?
How much overlap is there between fans of literary fiction and fans of science fiction?
How have narratives in novels responded to the Internet so far?
Are inaccurate portrayals of science in popular fiction, literature, and films helpful or harmful to science as a whole?
Who is a great modern novelist who writes in a similar style to Michael Chabon?
Why do some acclaimed novelists seem to write a novel every year while others can only produce one every several years or longer?
Literary Fiction: Can a play be written well enough to be considered literature?
What was the meaning of the phrase "The Perfect Taco" and its significance in Tom Robbins' book Jitterbug Perfume?
Which novels can be read over and over again?
What is your favorite novel on the topic of existentialism? Why?
Who would like to adopt this question?
What are the best novels (especially audiobooks of those works) set during the U.S. Civil War?
What is meant by the phrase "cannibal tracks" in the novel Angle of Repose by Wallace Stegner?
What novels have the most creative and original worldbuilding?
What happens at the end of Infinite Jest?
Literary Fiction: When does Jeffrey Eugenides' next novel come out?
What are some of the best short- to medium-length novels?
What American authors are most likely to win a future Nobel Prize in Literature and why?
What are Anthony Trollope's three to five best novels?
Why is no great literature being written now?
Has Irvine Welsh declined badly? If so, why?
What are the best fiction books of 2011?
How much should a novel excerpt, published alone, stand on its own?
What are some great fictional books or memoirs written by and about Native Americans?
What does "the miracle ingredient Z-247" refer to?
What is the best way to structure a book club?
What is JM Coetzee's best book and why?
What books published since 1950 will still be well known and widely read in the year 2212?
Mystery Novels: What are some clichéd items detectives find as clues in literature?
Why is the ending of Brave New World so abrupt?
What is the best quotation from fiction?
Of two novels by E.M Forster -- Howards End and A Passage to India -- which is the greater?
What is the longest novel ever written?
Who are some of the most notable womanizers in the literary world?
What are the funniest lines from Catch-22?
Why does literature portray business as bad or evil?
Who are the greatest writers to have come out of MFA programs?
What is the best book by Vladimir Nabokov, aside from Lolita?
How accurate is the science in Ian McEwan's novel "Solar"?
Are there any good novels about poets?
Should biographical information of the author be used when analyzing literature?
How are the gods portrayed in Greek Literature? What is the relationship between the gods and men in the movies? What roles do the gods play in human life?
What are some good Roberto Bolano videos available online?
Literary Fiction: What contemporary authors are heirs to the legacy of Harry Mathews, Raymond Queneau, and the comic surrealist novel?
What authors/stories have successfully emerged from The New Yorker's fiction "slush pile"?
What famous authors were teetotalers?
What novel best captures the 1990s and why?
Why do people care so much about how faithful a movie adaptation is to its book?
What novels were once considered masterpieces but have since fallen from favor?
What are favorite books that are great stories with easy-to-read/accessible writing?
What are the ten best literary fiction books written in the past ten years?
Which author earns the most profit per page written?
Who are the most famous sleepers in history, folklore, mythology, literature, etc?
Why do adults like books intended for adolescents?
Why isn't something like Twilight or Harry Potter considered literature?
Why is Angle of Repose considered a seminal work of American fiction?
Is Oprah's Book Club a fundamentally reactionary middlebrow movement trying to coöpt the avant-garde?
Literary Fiction: Should one get their work copyrighted before entering a contest?
Applying machine learning techniques to the corpus of English literature from the American Revolution through the present, would it be easier to computationally generate a novel in the classical or the modernist tradition?
How did Sirius Black escape from Azkaban?
If one were to start a book club focused on reading difficult (but ultimately rewarding) novels, what should one include and why?
What are the best author interviews from The Paris Review Interviews series and why?
What are the 7 great themes in story telling?
In Order of the Phoenix, how did Voldemort manage to implant / create the fake dream in Harry's mind -- the one of Sirius being tortured?
When is the best time to bring in an editor to review a manuscript?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of the poems and literary quotes cited by Jeeves in the works of P.G Wodehouse?
How can I become a part of the Internet lit scene?
When was the phrase "cog in the machine" first used to describe human labor?
How did Roberto Bolaño go about editing "The Savage Detectives"?
Who are the ten best living novelists?
What are the ten most important novels post-1945?
Why isn't John Irving considered to belong in the same literary pantheon as McCarthy, DeLillo, Roth, etc.?
What authors offer the best dialogue sequences in their narratives?
What are some of the publishing houses that accept fantasy novels without a literary agent?
What makes a great novel?
What are your favorite scenes from Catch-22?
Who are some of the most iconic female antagonists in works of fiction?
Where did the inspiration for "Falling Down the Rabbit Hole" come from?
What is the best work of literary fiction you have read lately?
What are some good book pairings?
What was the first novel?
How does Ian McEwan achieve suspense?
Are there books that you think would have been dangerous to read as a child?
Which successful stories/movies are so well constructed that nobody has ever found even a 'hole' in the stories?
What's the best music to write fiction to?
What writers were the biggest alcoholics?
Today is the 200th anniversary of Charles Dickens' birth - what current authors will be celebrated in 2212?
What is unique about David Foster Wallace's writing style?
What novels, written by a male author, have an authentic female "voice"?
What are some examples of foils that were more memorable than the main character?
Should flash fiction contain a conflict? If so, what types of conflicts work well with flash fiction?
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884 book): Would Tom Sawyer have tried to free Jim if Jim hadn't already been legally freed?
Where can I find a detailed, well written account of life in Germany for Germans immediately after World War II?
Do fewer people read contemporary fiction? If so, why?
Who are some of the most controversial writers of all time?
What are the most interesting novels written by authors who have won the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Literary Fiction: Who are some of the worst couples in otherwise good literature?
Other than the three-act and the Hollywood formula, what are some story structures that can be used in long fiction?
What are some great or famous novels that were written very quickly?
What are the most enjoyable popular modern fiction books, other than The Hunger Games trilogy and Harry Potter (creative franchise)?
What is the main idea of Things Fall Apart? What is Chinua Achebe trying to prove?
What are the best fiction and short story blogs on Blogger?
Who are the greatest Indonesian/English translators for fiction?
What are some good books to read if you plan on majoring in English Literature?
How could two women trap a peeping tom in 1964 on a ranch in OK?
When, if ever, is a landmark literary work rendered obsolete?
What are the best resources about storytelling?
What was the most important artistic accomplishment of the 20th Century?
What are the best literary quotations about life and the human condition?
Which authors are the greatest in erotic literature?
What genre-fiction authors/books are considered literary as well (i.e., they have "transcended the genre")?
Storytelling: What fictional character has the most interesting fatal weakness?
When and where have time travel stories been told other than 20th century Western science fiction?
Is Bella from the Twilight series a good role model for teenage girls? Or does she send the message that girls can only be cool if they self loathe and have sex with a corpse?
Which genre fiction of today will be considered literary fiction in 100 years?
Who are the best absurdist fiction authors to read, and why?
What short story should I use for my English project?
What are some famous novels or movies featuring angels? What kind of themes do they discuss?
How do different authors deal with personal pronoun repetition in English?
Which myths, events from history, or current events would make for an interesting plot-line for a novel?
What is some of the most interesting stuff that has been written about Satan as a concept or character, or as portrayed in movies?
What science fiction writers do an awesome job of dystopia/post-apocalyptic life?
What are some of the best Western novels?
What is Michael Chabon's next novel?
What are the best post-apocalyptic novels?
Is there a copyright for fictional characters such as Dracula or Spider-Man?
Are there any non-fiction or fiction stories of an Indian, born and raised in India, who has a spiritual journey in the United States?
Literary Fiction: How common is the theme of "don't look back" in mythology or literature?
Is "literary fiction" a genre (like science fiction arguably is) or a statement of quality across all genres?
What works of literature have a question as the first or last sentence?
What is the value (these days) to a person of reading high calibre fiction novels?
What are the best literary blogs?
Literary Fiction: What is the last novel you read that made you laugh out loud?
If I create an online novel, will I get the attention of publishers and agents? Why or why not?
What is literary theory and criticism?
What is J.K. Rowling's new book?
Who are some famous figures in Arabic literature?
How do these unorthodox submission guidelines read?
What are some American novels that portray or discuss the effects of technology on formal education?
What are the basic plots/stories/tropes that recur throughout movies and books?
What makes free verse different from prose?
What is the non-English phrase for a novel that draws greatly from the author's experience?
Who were the last Americans to win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is the meaning of Jonathan Livingston Seagull?
What are some of the greatest fables of all time?
What does the island symbolize in the book The Life of Pi?
How do the writing factories of best-selling fiction authors operate?
What landmark works of literature that pre-date Homer are still in existence?
Which movies deal  with how someone's conscience is affected after committing an act of violence?
What characters in literature and film are pompous windbags?
Who is the most interesting literary critic?
What are some evocative symbolic objects and motifs in literature and movies/TV?
What features of European Medieval literature (stories) distinguish it as being meant primarily for oral consumption (listening) versus reading?
What are some examples of classic novels with very little dialogue?
Why don't literary journals and magazines,  especially those specializing in poetry and microprose, feature much audio on their websites?
What recent science fiction books are believed to be the most accurate portrayal of the future?
Patrick O'Brian: Should the Aubrey/Maturin series be considered "mere" genre fiction or Literature?
What is your list of must-read fiction books?
What am I missing in Tom McCarthy's C?
What novels take place in an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic setting?
What are some of the greatest literary fiction book covers  of all time?
What writers have the most distinct, recognizable styles, and what are their most characteristic features?
What are the best, must-read literary essays of the last two hundred years?
What would it take to get more people blogging short stories?
What are some websites that connect authors with beta-readers?
