How should I structure an essay to gain top marks for English literature?
Who are some the greatest authors and what are their notable works?
What is it called when a statement comes back to itself? For example: I'm bad at golf because I never play it, but I never play it because I'm bad at it.
What was your last self written poem?
What does the hunger artist hunger in "A Hunger Artist"?
What is the central theme of the poem "My November Guest" by Robert Frost?
What are some great aboriginal poem authors?
When will the applications for an MPhil in English Literature be out for 2017?
How can I learn my lines for Rosalind in Shakespeare's as you like it?
Have English Studies/English Literature been deleted from the list of subjects eligible for Fulbright Doctoral Fellowships?
What do you think of George Orwell?
What is your review of Neil Gaiman's book American Gods?
What's your best poem of all time?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What are some lessons that a modern person could learn from reading "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
What is the scope of a Bachelor’s in English Literature in Pakistan? What should one do after graduation?
Are there any similar arguments in the book "Pride and Prejudice" and the movie "Guess who's Coming to Dinner"?
When and why did you start poetry? What is the background?
What are the literary devices used in the novel "A Mystery of Heroism" by Stephen Crane?
How can an English literature student find a job outside of India?
Do Hans Christian Andersen's tales qualify as 'picture books'?
What are the 3 different types of irony used for in literature?
Can literature beneficial and enriching to read even for someone very much unemotional?
What literary magazines do you like to read?
Did Samuel Butler ever attempt rape in real life?
What is revolutionary prospection in postcolonial poetry?
Are there any recommended novels for CLAT aspirants?
Which do you prefer: Canterbury Tales or Beowulf?
Which is the most interesting Shakespeare play?
Do we see Aunt Alexandra in a new light? How does Miss Maudie support her?
Could someone write a short poem on Maths in English?
Which degree has better job prospects, Arts-related or English Literature (combined with an additional language)?
What are some dystopian novels that are less known but quite important for the literature of the genre?
How can I study literature?
What was art and literature like during the 1920s?
In what ways is Hamlet a monster?
What is the best thing to study in English literature or linguistics?
How did researchers do literature review before there was Google Scholar?
What are some examples of dramatic poetry in literature?
Are there any famous symbols in literature, lore, or mythology that see into the soul?
What year was Water Margin from Shi Nai'an written?
When you read translated literature, are you reading the original author's prose or the translator's prose?
Tennyson's poem 'Lady of Shalott' has two versions? Why do the endings differ?
How is Herman Munster different from Frankenstein's monster?
What are narrative methods in literature?
Which are the best books on the history of Indian in English literature?
Is Sartrean existentialism a good topic for an English literature project?
How is the Jewish mythological figure of Lilith depicted in literature?
Are all the Harry Hole novels in sequence? Do I need to read the first book to understand the series?
How were the texts of the Iliad and Odyssey so well maintained over such a long time?
What are some literary examples of villains who are also protagonists?
What has been the most touching moment in literature?
What are your reviews of 1984 by George Orwell?
In To Kill a Mockingbird, why did Atticus believe it is normal for kids to be unable to resist killing birds, which today is considered a sign of sickness?
What are the different kinds of poetry in literature?
Can spoken word poetry become a recognizable profession and industry? If so, how can this be achieved?
Can I ever earn as much as an English literature graduate as a medico, in India and different parts of the world?
What is happening in Kate Wilhelm's “The Funeral”?
Which one of Shakespeare's works should I read first?
What are the jobs that one can do by studying English literature?
Is English an "evolved language"? And if so, is it because of its long legacy of literature and the encouragement of free thought?
I’m confused about what university course to take. Should I take A Levels?
What is the difference between literary theory and literary criticism?
Who wrote the poem "Koshish Karne Walo Ki Kabhi Haar Nahi Hoti"?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Which one should I pursue, English Literature or Visual Arts?
Where can I find reputable sources on GK Chesterton and his Father Brown book series?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
What is the pay like if one graduates with an English literature degree in India?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
What is a brief summary of Tom Robinson's trial in "To Kill A Mockingbird"?
Which book is better for the history of English literature, Longer or Routledge?
Frankenstein recovers in the spring. Why is this relevant?
What besides "A dream of the Red Chamber" are great Chinese literature?
What are the saddest lines from literature that will melt the coldest of hearts?
What message does the poem "Under the Greenwood Tree" give us?
Who is Prince Escalus from William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet in the modern version by Baz Luhrmann in 1996?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
What are the most important questions / research topics in literature today?
Should I publish my novel under a pseudonym?
Who is the best literary agent for lesbian short fiction in the USA/EU?
I hold a Mphil degree in English literature. Now I want to choose screenwriting as a career. Do I need to apply for certification courses?
If someone was to write 2084, like Orwell wrote 1984, what would the world look like?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
How was humanism affected by art and literature?
Who, according to you, is the greatest Bengali author of the post-Tagore era?
What is an example of atmosphere in literary terms?
What is the full procedure to apply for PhD in literature?
Why do people romanticize the term king and/or queen so much?
How do I memorise various critics in English literature? What is the technique for it?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
What are some examples of plots in literature?
What is an anecdote in literature?
Which is your favourite Hindi poem?
What are the types of irony, and what are some examples?
What were the words that Paulo Coelho wrote on the paper he put under that stone in his novel "The Pilgrimage"?
Did Ravindrababu Ravula read popular literature such as War and Peace?
What is the meaning of 'Porphyria' in Robert Browning's poem Porphyia's Lover?
What are some powerful novels which explores anti-heroes and push the boundaries of morality?
If you could learn one language for the sake of its literature, which would you choose?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
In your mind, what is the best poem ever written in the Victorian era?
Can anybody give me some ambitious structural devices to use in English literature?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
What is the meaning of "one is one and all alone"?
How can I learn literary criticism?
Is reading classic literature/non-fiction useful?
What is the most ambitious literary project of all time?
What are the characteristics of the four types of external conflict?
What is progressive poetry?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
What is some guidance on identifying research gaps in literature reviews?
Why do few Indian authors make it to the international level of literature?
Where can I find some literary essays for my literature class?
What are the impacts of the differences of Akira Kurosawa's Throne of Blood to Shakespeare's Macbeth?
Are there any tips on poetry reading?
What are some good short poems to analyze?
When writing a poem, does it come to you easily or do you wait for inspiration?
Does anyone today have the last name Frankenstein?
Which are the best Journals on Criticism and Literature?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
Is GOTHIC an era?
Is there a single university in the entire world where literature, philosophy or history is regarded as a science or even social science?
Which genre of novel is Evergreen?
In the ICSE English Literature are we only given marks on the words used from the text?
Are there any colleges (preferably in Texas) that offer Anglo American civilization and literature courses?
What are the 3 reasons why Romeo and Juliet's family is responsible for their own deaths?
Who is to blame in Macbeth?
What are the great novels with a great moral from great writers? Which are the websites from which I can download novels?
If you could have written one song, which one would it be?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
What is the basic meaning of poem "imaginary number" written by Vijay Seshadri?
What is an example of a stanza in literature?
What is the narrator's point of view?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
Am I the only one who likes Romeo and Mercutio more than Romeo and Juliet, in the modern film?
What is state of the art literature request rewriting?
What is a common theme in 1984 related to Shakespeare's King Lear or Macbeth?
Which is the best site in the world for poetry?
What are the different types of imagery in poetry used for?
What are literary works originally completed in English rather than regional languages by Indian authors before independence in India?
What is done in advertising? Is a degree in English literature enough or does one need to do an MBA?
What happened in the ending of novel Brida by Paulo Coelho?
Has Miss Gilby's account from Neel Mukherjee's book 'Past Continuous' renewed interest in Tagore's masterpiece 'The Home and the World'?
Would a story about a prince cursed by being turned into a princess and hiding the curse to regain his kingdom be offensive to transgender people?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
Why do some men not prefer to marry girls with English Literature degrees?
What are some inspirational indigenous stories /poems?
Where are poems for all kinds of celebrations available?
What Hindi poem is written by you?
How important is rhyming in poetry?
What is the climax of a literary work?
What is the structure of a literature review in academic writing?
What is a song that relates thematically to the poem Richard Corey by Edwin Arlington Robinson?
What is the theme of the poem Little Elegy by Keith Althaus?
What are the six elements of tragedy?
Which contemporary mainstream novels do you think will be taught in English Literature school curriculum in the future?
How do I understand “freedom from fear poem"?
What are the figures of speech used in the poem Daffodils, and where are they used in the poem?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
How are flashforwards used in literature?
What is the tone of Shakespeare's Sonnet 116?
Why does poetry use gambrels for the sky?
What are some of the critical questions that surround the formation of a certain literary Canon?
What are the steps to find the theme of a story?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
What is the best way for adults with no background in Classics to begin learning Latin and Greek philosophy and literature?
Is it necessary to read Leo Tolstoy in Russian or is English OK? How much is lost by reading Tolstoy/Dostoevsky in English vs the original Russian?
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
Is French literature a good course to study?
What are notable depictions of dramatic or interesting sibling negotiations in film or literature?
What is a chiasm and what are some examples?
What are some scholarly opinions on psychoanalytic literary analysis? Sources for this information would be greatly appreciated.
How can I be more enthusiastic while performing Shakespeare?
Do English literature graduates get into the advertising industry and how?
What is the best broadway show ever written and who was the author?
Which of the Kohlberg stages do the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird belong in?
What quote from history or literature resonates most today?
Which is the best book for English literature for the IAS?
What is the value of the poetry that was written/typed by Allen Ginsberg?
What are examples of narrative hooks in literature?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
What is the best translation of the Iliad for a first-time reader?
What are the best WWII poems you've read? How would the poems be analyzed?
What are some examples of slang in literature?
What are some examples of fate in religion, like “Romeo and Juliet”?
What books should I refer to in preparation for NET English Literature?
Which is the best story you have ever written and why?
What is a must read play?
What was your favorite book and why?
How should I prepare for the CUCET for an MA in English literature?
What poetry novel would you recommend?
What are the things every literature student should know?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
What is the relationship between Grete (the Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka) and Gretel (Hansel and Gretel)?
Why is poetry becoming a dying culture?
What are some examples of anthology in a poem?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
How did Shakespeare become the great bard?
How does literature influence language?
Is the book “50 Shades of Grey” written to dissuade people from abusive relationships?
What do you know about European literature? (anything)
What are the differences between Romanticism and Classicism?
What are the most intense passages in books ever?
What is Bellovian irony?
Why does Rakitin's comment to Alexei, "What's the meaning of this dream?" betray him as a “liberal” in The Brothers Karamzov?
What is the entire poem in Dracula Untold that is his wife’s favorite?
What are some good words and phrases to write a good answer in English literature?
How many pages one should write for a 30 marks question in English Literature and is it okay if it is 2 and a half pages if the content is worthy?
What are the remarks about Alexander Pope’s works?
Can you convert me into a sci-fi fan by proposing for me three works only?
What are some of the best light hearted literatures would you recommend?
Do you think the novel Brida by Paulo Coelho is a complete story?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What role does logic, either inductive or deductive, play within the pattern of Woody Allen’s essay “My Speech to the graduates”?
How do you set the tone and mood of a poem?
What are some good Hindi poetry blogs?
What questions are they most likely to ask about Macbeth and Jekyll & Hyde on the GCSE English Literature?
What are some of the best online literary groups?
Can Laxmi Prasad Devkota be compared to William Shakespeare?
What are some recommendations for poems by Wordsworth, Bronte, Poe, Blake, Dickinson, Eliot, Shakespeare, Bob Dylan, Tagore, Lewis Carroll, Frost, Silverstein, Dr. Seuss, Roald Dahl, Maya Angelou, R.L. Stevenson, John Donne, Plato, and Kenn Nesbitt?
What are some lesser known facts about George Orwell's Animal Farm?
What are examples of empirical literature?
What are some of Liesel and Hans artistic talents?
Roses are red violets are blue. Which word best describes the line ending of this poem?
What can "trivial literature" or art teach us, especially pompous pricks (who usually don't know the first thing about art)?
Why do people think William Shakespeare was illiterate?
How do the proles show class and power in the book 1984 by George Orwell?
"Having said that" was used the first time in which English work of literature or speech?
What is Gaines’ primary message in the novel?
What was it like being the Editor and Content Lead of the poetry book Whistling Silence?
Who would like to hear a few melodies I wrote for several of Shakespeare’s sonnets? They are sung by a wonderful singer, and she is unaccompanied.
Why do people not read old literature today, e.g. Shakespeare?
Is it possible that if you stop reading novels and other literary texts, your vocabulary will decrease?
How do I get into Cambridge University as an undergraduate looking forward to pursuing English literature?
I have some talent in writing poetry and I would like to develop it furthermore. What do you suggest I do?
What are some examples of dramatic effects?
Is the literature review differ from the Systematic Review or the Systematic is a one type of the literature review?
How long does it take for a poem to get selected on the Kavita blog?
What are Winston’s strengths and weaknesses in 1984 by George Orwell?
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What are the kinds of prose in literature?
Do Stephen King's short story 'Quitters, Inc.' and his novel 'Firestarter' have many coincidental similarities, or is it just me?
What writing styles do I need to follow in order to write a literature review in the filed of Medical Sciences and General Biology?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
Are there any contribution of Saudis in literature and arts?
What is the importance of subjects in literature?
What is the best systematic approach to critically evaluate research findings in biomolecular literature?
Which books do you recommend to read while travelling around Europe?
What is your opinion of the Bible as a work of fictional literature?
What is your all time favorite poem?
What is your review of A.A. Milne's The Ugly Duckling, and is it an adaptation of the classic The Ugly Duckling tale?
How do I improve the quality of my poems?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
What are examples of annoying poems?
What type of literary device is this? “I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit my opponent’s youth and inexperience.”
What is an English sonnet?
What is literary art?
How is a verbal and a dramatic irony used?
Where can I find related literature about human presence detection sensors?
How will studying literature affect a person?
How is family structure in Shakespeare's plays?
Can I take English literature along with economics in BA?
Can I get a degree in English literature while at KEM Medical College in Mumbai?
What is the writing style of Victor Hugo in the Hunchback of Notre Dame?
Why did boys play female roles in Shakespeare’s dramas?
What poem, artwork, literary work or musical composition jumped the shark for the romanticist era?
What is resolution in literature?
What are didactics of literature?
Are there any modern works of poetry comparable to the ancient Epic poetry style of Homer?
"Foul is fair, fair is foul" and "Man made money but money made man" Are these paradox or antithesis?
In Macbeth, how is Shakespeare's use of scent significant when Lady Macbeth remarks "all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand"?
Why are girls more into literature (English) than science?
What is the maximum one can earn with a degree in English literature in India and in the USA?
What are some analytical insights on “L'étranger” by Albert Camus? I like how everyone interprets it differently. What are your thoughts?
What is the most read book?
Have you ever read a poem on love which led you to cry?
Is it the right decision to go for an MBA after being a graduate in English literature?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
Which is, according to you, the best story you have ever written and why?
How good is the novel, The Great Gatsby?
What piece of English literature that has not been adapted into a manga or anime, would you like to see a manga or anime of?
What are some tips to analyze prose?
What characteristics define a book's plot?
Why does Woody Allen make allusions to Nietzsche, Unamuno and Monod in his essay “My Speech to the Graduates”?
Which poem will be asked in the English Lit section of the IGCSE?
What are the most mysterious books ever written?
What is the significance of didactic poetry?
Is the quality of literature diminishing?
What on earth does the novel The Green House authored by Mario Vargas Llosa indicate?
Do fantasy novels ever have long-lasting literary merit?
Can the -finite modes/infinite substance- of Spinoza be understood in parallel with Kant's phenomena/noumena distinction?
How can I meet Paulo Coelho in person?
Have you memorized your favorite poem?
What do you think about Milan Kundera's portrayal of women?
How can I do command on literature?
Do other Asian countries have sung poetry like Vietnamese?
How do I summarize the poem “Horse Play” by Dr. Ayappa Paniker?
How did John Steinbeck's decision to change the title of his masterpiece The Grapes of Wrath change literature?
What are the main characteristics of an omniscient narrator?
Why is Macbeth not guilty of regicide?
Which is the best anaphoric poem you have ever read?
How does the author powerfully explore ideas about conformity and rebellion in “For Heidi with Blue Hair” (poem in comment)?
How were classic romance poems structured?
Who is Holden Caulfield’s greatest inspiration?
What ways does literature contribute to the lives of the everyday American?
What is a character in literature?
What are some novels or plays which have characters like Voldemort or Griffith as the hero?
As a student of English literature and being fond of writing, how can I get an internship in Femina or in any magazine?
What is the introduction of Othello?
What does "discuss social conditions and values in a literary text" mean?
What are the five elements of a plot?
What is the difference between a verbal and a dramatic irony?
How many poems did Nikki Giovanni made?
How can I understand and analyse Pope’s poem “Celia” in terms of its meaning and style?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
Is modern industrial education compatible with philosophy, literature and fine arts?
I am working as a freelance technical writer. I wanted to extend my capabilities in Englsih domain. Is pursuing MA in English literature advisable?
How many stories should be in a short stories book?
What are the common modernism themes and characteristics of Mad Men?
Is there any +1 group related to B.A literature in Ambattur?
Why is John Proctor from The Crucible an authentic rebel? What lessons can we learn from him?
What are your views on the poem, Adonais?
What are the job opportunities if one graduates with an English literature degree in Mumbai?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
In Camus's The Stranger, why does Meursault shoot the Arab a few more times after he kills him?
What does "in the absolute" mean, in terms of English literature?
Which lines were modernized in Romeo and Juliet 1996?
Is there a website with countless number of interesting excerpts from the English literature?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
Is Islam comparable with the US constitution?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
What are examples of archaic diction?
Why do people like poetry?
"Women's position in society reflects this society's level of development" - whose quote is this?
Where can I get a detailed explanation of the Hindi poem Kukurmutta?
Is doing an undergraduate in English literature from Bilkent University a good idea if I am from Pakistan?
How could I get an A star for English Literature A level?
What is the most famous poem?
You can write a book which is mandatory literature for every world leader alive. What would you write?
Is there any WhatsApp group for Masters in English literature?
Why aren't poetry and short stories read as widely as novels?
If a literature department wishes to publish online works created by several authors, what copyright issues should be considered?
Why did John Steinbeck change the title of The Grapes of Wrath?
How can I make a story a horror story?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
How is "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka an example of modernist literature?
What was the first children's book ever written?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
What is review of literature?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
What poem will likely come up in the 2017 Edexcel GCSE English Conflict poetry Test?
What is the best Hindi poetry you have read or written till date?
Who was the oldest character who ever lived?
Can a poem be without line breaks?
What are some well known examples of literary motif?
What does baroque mean, specifically in literature?
What is the importance of having an internal conflict in literature?
What is dark fantasy genre?
How do you feel about the literary value of Calvino's "If On a Winter's Night"?
Can you write a poem for lovers who met because of a dog?
Can someone compare the novel To Kill a Mockingbird and the TV Series Stranger things?
Why does Shakespeare make up his own words?
How do I became famous in poems?
Is Gatsby the quintessential American story?
How is Ruskin Bond’s vocabulary?
How can I find an Urdu literary society in the USA?
When did rhyming become commonplace in poetry?
How are the four types of external conflict used?
What do Westerners think about Chingiz Aitmatov and his books?
What is is an M.A in English Literature like?
Can I get a scholarship to study literature or history in European countries?
Why do Persians use Arabic for everything while saying it's a great culture in regards to literature, poetry, language, religion and history?
What is your favourite poem written by Bharathiyar?
Was the book The Alchemist emotional?
In literary terms, what is a monologue?
What are some of the best love story novels written by foriegn writer?
Will there be a new Shakespeare?
What are the job opportunities once an individual graduates with a degree in English literature?
What if Bertha Mason was really Jane Eyre's birth mother? Isn't it strange how Jane's uncle just happened to know Bertha's brother?
Who is Chaucer? What are his works and what are the features of his poetry?
How deep should I go in writing a feasibility study? What should I include in the literature review (mixed method)?
Where, in Tolstoy's War and Peace, do two characters philosophically discuss the concept of a man wrongly accused of murder, and what is the context?
Was Shakespeare not very religious?
Where can I read the “Six Suspects” book by Vikas Swarup?
What is the role of humor in literature?
Are Shakespeare’s works plagiarised?
What should I include in an essay to gain top marks (English literature)?
How do I get free English literature materials for lectureship?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
What are examples of parallel structures in literature?
Which book is better for the history of English literature, Routledge or Longe?
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
Why did Sir Philip Sidney defend poetry?
What is social commentary and how is it expressed through literature?
Can you name some things, people, and works of art and literature that are not French, but that France gets credit for?
Which is the best English poetry?
Is it worth reading literature which is translated from the other language? How much difference is there between them?
Is grammar and formating too important in poetry?
What is a good poem about coffee?
What is the most gripping book you have ever read?
What is a monologue in literature?
After one earns an MA in English Literature from St. Xavier's, how are the placements done?
What colleges in India offer a degree and PG in Comparative Literature?
Why is drama important in literature?
What is the best line you've written?
What are the main characteristics of a stanza in literature?
Is theme considered to be a literary element?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
What ASOIAF characters do you relate to and why?
How can I develop the skills that go into studying English literature?
How can I write a poem about youth?
What is the best edition of Shakespeare's plays?
What are English literature techniques such as tension, humour, suspense etc. called?
What are some modern poems worth reading?
Can you tell the names of novels on "psycho-sexual" disorders from Bengali literature?
What is cultural studies in literature?
How did Judaism influence and shape theme and style in the works of Franz Kafka?
How can someone change his view after learning literature?
Were the floating fortresses in George Orwell's '1984' based on the "flying fortresses" of the 1940s?
Why do you love literature?
Is the second novel written by Savi Sharma, This Is Not Your Story, the continuation of her debut novel, Everyone Has a Story, or a fresh one?
What are the elements of realism in literature, and what are some examples?
Which university is better for literature, Panjab or Delhi?
What are the hottest trends in literary theory?
Is the wolf from Little Red Riding Hood the same wolf that's in The Three Little Pigs?
What lessons can be learnt by reading "The Catcher in the Rye"?
How much is Louis-Ferdinand Céline known outside of French-speaking countries?
Can you attempt a deconstructive criticism of a poem?
Is a degree in literature worth it? What kind of skills do you get out of studying literature? Lastly, what kind of job opportunities are available to literature majors?
Which one is the most romantic English poem written so far?
What should a poem about youth contain?
What did Rudyard Kipling mean when he wrote "East is East and West is West and the two shall never meet until Judgement Day…"?
What can I do to share my poems?
In Spanish, to say "poetry" is it correct to use the article in front of the word? Is poetry "poesía" or "la poesía"?
What is the most painful poem on love you have written or read ?
Where do I find good short stories?
Who is the best literary agent for a children's series?
Why do I like literature more than real life?
What does the hat mean in the Little Prince?
What is an example of a poem about youth?
How do we analyse literature text effectively to find the interpretations? What do we need to do to anaylse and to help practise?
What value-added courses can my daughter undergo in the three years if she takes up BA English Literature?
Is there any book on the poems of Mirza Ghalib?
How do I approach UGC NET in English Literature in an easier way?
Is an MA in English literature enough to ensure me a good middle class life?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
Is there any problem in this poem (Save the Earth)?
What are the references for African literature?
What are the disadvantages of choosing literature as an optional subject over other subjects for WBCSE?
What is the role of illustration in children literature?
When should I use the < and > signs for literature?
Can you simplify the "To be or not to be" soliloquy line-by-line?
What are some good idioms and an associated story with their origin?
What topics should I opt for in a PhD in English Literature?
Who wrote The Send-Off?
Can Mark Twain ace the AP literature exam?
Is there any good private university in Pakistan offering a BA in English literature (other than LUMS)?
What are some great aboriginal poems?
Why is Azerbaijani poetry so powerful?
What are the characteristics of modern Philippine literature?
What are some of Shakespeare's most brilliant quotes?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
What is the greatest villain character in literature?
What are the universities in the USA where you can do PG studies in English literature with a good scholarship?
What are the greatest non-Western pieces of philosophy/literature?
In To Kill a Mockingbird, who follows the rules/laws? How?
Philosophy: Is Spinoza similar to Hegel?
What are the characteristics of English literature?
Why is it possible for Shakespeare's to still have an effect today?
How do I write a critical literature review for a topic I don't know much about?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
How is Ray Bradbury perceived by literary critics and scholars?
What should I expect from, and how should I prepare for, an Open University English Language and Literature degree? What are some reviews?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
What are the best books written on the Consumer Internet?
Do all poems have some hidden meaning behind them?
Do you think that we will ever know the truth about Edgar Allan Poe's death?
What are some of the literary devices used in Beyonce's song “Formation”?
Are there any good English translations of Tamil literary works?
What book is valuable to read?
Is it beneficial to take literature of the regional language in the UPSC Mains?
Who are the comic characters in Shakespeare's plays?
How does Mark Twain use dramatic irony to create humor?
Do MNCs hire English literature graduates and what is the pay like?
Who shot The Great Gatsby at the end of the book?
What is the best thing about learning literature?
How can I earn a degree in English Literature while in a medical college in Mumbai?
What is the best classic book written in English that you have ever read?
When translating scientific articles, should literature references be translated also?
Is it appropriate to attribute someone as the 'father of English literature' (more specifically, specific genres like prose, fiction, poetry, etc.)?
Why do you like reading poetry?
Is Screen Literature being taught as a course to the literature students across the globe?
What did Edward Said say in 'Crisis' in Orientalism?
Is an English literature and language degree a prerequisite to working for a book publisher?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
Are there any references to elephants and camels in Vedic literature?
What are meiosis examples in literature?
Is Berkeley's EDX class for AP English Literature and Composition good prep for IB Literature HL?
What is the meaning of the song "better days" from of the rock group Supertramp?
How faithful is the 1978 film of Macbeth with Ian McKellen to Shakespeare's original script?
How do I become knowledgeable and interesting?
What is the right word for "true story finance literature"?
How is the book "The Age of Wrath" by Abraham Eraly?
How can I cite literary criticism in an essay?
Do you think John Milton, instead of William Shakespeare, is the greatest poet of Britain?
Is there any book which contains all of the Hindi NCERT poems, with their writers?
Can you give an example of how Gatsby from The Great Gatsby learns from past mistakes?
What is the procedure for getting admission to IGNOU for a BA in English Literature?
What are the requirements for joining PAF or the sister defense forces (with reference to a woman holding a master’s degree in English literature)?
What is your favourite piece of literature in English that is not written by a native anglophone?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
Are there some great writers who only started writing late in life?
What are the most probable pieces of prose and poetry for ISC 2018?
How can we fix the lack of modern Telugu literature?
Is it hard to major in classics?
Are there any poems for Dublin’s Candy Land?
What is the difference between theme and summary of any poem?
What literary movement influenced The Pilgrim's Progress by John Bunyan?
How can I learn modern poetry?
What is a good poem about marriage?
What are the best lines from 'The Zahir' by Paulo coehlo?
How can I read a book faster and effectively?
What are some of your favorite lines in literature?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
What are the characteristics of a verbal and a dramatic irony?
What are the career scope for a person with a degree in BA English?
What is a good example of a climax in literature?
What does poem number 006 in Gitanjali mean?
Why did Sir Arthur Conan Doyle say this - “What is the meaning of it, Watson? What is the object served by this circle of misery and violence and fear”?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
Which paraphrased book of Shakespeare' s play the Tempest is best for international students?
What is the proper way of doing a literature review for research work?
What poems must be read as a teenager?
Why did Romeo return to Verona when Juliet died?
How do I make an Instantes poem personal without it being plagiarism?
Why is literary canon such a powerful idea to have?
Why is Rosaline Capulet Romeo's first love and not Juliet?
What is a common theme in Pride and Prejudice to Shakespeare's King Lear or Macbeth?
Where is Romeo and Juliet's hero's journey flawed?
Is there a name for the literary device which requires the stupidity of an otherwise intelligent character to progress a plot?
Why did Friar Laurence marry Romeo and Juliet?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
Does Thailand include literature in its curriculum?
How important is John Keats in the history of English poetry?
Is Dante's Divine Comedy worth reading?
What makes a poem annoying?
What are some examples of narrative books?
Which modern languages have a literary equivalent as Shakespeare does to English?
At what clash of time or incidences did Biswapati Sarkar think that his future is in literature?
What is a brief summary for "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
If I learn MSA will I be able to read classically Arabic literature?
What can I couple with a master’s in English literature to be able to assure myself a good lifestyle?
Is film literature?
What is the importance of a stanza in literature?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
How does Joan of Arc’s story translate to the modern world?
How do you read books?
What are some good literary works in Hebrew that have been translated to English?
What is the best book on maths literature?
How can the witches in Macbeth be related to modern-day society in regards to power and control?
What are the differences between ancient Roman and Grecian literature?
In The Prophet, what does "What of the ox who loves his yoke and deems the elk and deer of the forest stray and vagrant things?" mean?
What is a paraphrased version of the poem "Freedom to the Slave" by Henry Derozio?
Do you know any poem written by famous poets with the theme of unrequited love?
What is a poem where the beauty of a lady is described?
How do I read novels faster?
What are some examples of pastoral poetry?
Why do books have different editions?
Why are novels also considered as a part of Literature in Tamil?
What are some gory poetry prompts?
What is a good example of a theme in a story?
What are some good Non linear narrative short stories?
Why hasn’t Stephen King been awarded the Nobel Prize in literature?
What are the Cambridge University's English literature exams?
What are the cutting edge text mining studies in cancer related literature?
What is Spinoza's greatest contribution in modern society?
Who are your favorite writers and why?
Why do Arabic songs/poem use masculine form when referring to a woman?
How can I best structure an essay relating to the role of women in Shakespeare's Hamlet, using Ophelia and Gertrude as prime examples, of course?
I can't seem to find any other literary character like Jason Bourne (personality-wise), should I just write my own book?
In the "Palestinian Jewish Literature", in the book of Tobit, Tobit mentioned the name "Cabael". On what page does this appear?
What some metonymy examples in literature?
Which scene from a Shakespearean drama is best to play on stage, and why?
Why are Romeo and Juliet to blame for their deaths?
Which is the most beautiful, yet simple to understand poem you have ever come across?
How do I translate Scottish poems in English?
Is there any guidance available for English literature as optional for CSE?
What are the best poems for class 4 children?
What are the best reference works on English literature?
Who wrote the novel “Aranyak”?
Who is the actual writer of the poem in Dracula?
What would be the conflict of "I'll be there" by Holly Goldberg Sloan?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
What are some good short stories for teenagers?
Why was The Cider House Rules named as such? Is there a symbolism involved?
What are the best books written by Margaret Atwood?
How can I improve my poetry?
What's the difference between anecdote and satire?
How can one get a noble prize in English literature?
Where would I be in ten years if I graduate with a degree in English literature through Xavier's College (Mumbai) and have learnt a foreign language?
How has literature shaped our minds?
What are some good poetry books?
What are the best novel for beginners by Indian writers?
Was Meursault from Camus' novel 'Stranger' (US) / 'Outsider' (UK) a sociopath?
What is the literary tradition in Geography?
Can Awdhesh Singh give interesting short stories?
Can I submit a poem on this site?
Is this a good place to post original poetry?
Which works by James Joyce are most accessible to today's younger readers?
What poem would be good as a eulogy?
Can I make the use case diagram for a literature review?
Can I use the American Psychological Association (APA) to write a literature review in the field of Medical Sciences?
Where can I find a collection of Sappho's poetry in the original Greek online?
What is the best collage in Tamilnadu for MA literature?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
What are some good books containing collection of short stories by Indian writers?
Who was the author of this short horror story?
What is the least mentioned day of the week and month of the year in literature, films, songs, etc.? And what are the most mentioned?
What have you learned from the novel Brida by Paulo Coelho?
What do you think about Jack Kerouac's prose?
What can you say about European unity in culture through architecture, art, and literature?
How can I excel in my romantic poetry exam?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What books do I study for the GRE Subject Test in English Literature?
As an M.A., M.Phil graduate in English Literature, what sort of job will I get if I clear the TNPSC Exam?
How will I review resources in a literature review?
What are some hard roasts to say during debates?
What are the main themes of the Dracula novel?
What is the syllabus of JNU for MA entrance with English literature?
What are some examples of antagonist in literature?
What is epic poetry? Do all major civilizations (Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Mesopotamian, Indian, Chinese, Western) all have epic poetry in their literature?
What is your favourite poem or song written by J.R.R Tolkien, and why?
I want to pursue English literature. How do I know if I am any good at it?
Why don't I like my own poetry, but others do?
How is “Small Pain in My Chest” an anti-war poem?
How does the Internet Literature University in China work?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are the best WWII poems you have ever read?
What is the importance of Western literature?
What can I study at Harvard after my graduation in literature?
Which are the best books of American literature for NET?
Have you ever read ancient Chinese poetry? Will you be interested in Chinese traditional culture because of ancient poetry?
What are the different genres of poetry at GCSE? I know there are war poems and love poems. What else?
What is the plot of the story ‘Tiger in the Tunnel’ by Ruskin Bond?
How does literature shape all other disciplines?
What are some of the hardest American poems to understand/analyze?
What is a summary of Francis Bacon's essay Of Revenge, in simple English, including allusions that he has used?
If you could do a Dorian Gray would you?
What are some online learning communities for literature?
How can I meet Paulo Coelho?
Is "An Analysis of Sayuri's Emotions on Ken Iwamura as Reflected in Marshall's Memoirs of a Geisha Movie" a good thesis?
Who is your favourite obscure author?
Which are the best colleges or universities in the world to study literature and history?
What is the legacy of Tom Wolfe's New Journalism?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Who is Coldhands?
Who is the favorite in the Western world, Dostoevsky or Tolstoy?
What kind of imagery do you think the poem the Vagabond evokes when Stevenson talks of his ideal life?
When was the Hogwarts Classics box set published?
Can I use the name of my nonprofit to publish my personal literary works?
How did the time George Orwell spent in Burma change his worldview?
What does it mean when a poem is an analogy?
What does the poem One Art by Elizabeth Bishop make you think about?
What are the literary devices used in "Sonnet 77" by Shakespeare?
Where can I find the book The Human Situation: Lectures Given at Santa Barbara by Aldous Huxley?
How can I select a research topic in literature?
What are some characteristics of the elements of satire?
Who are you rooting for in A Song of Ice and Fire?
What is the setting of the play "The Merchant of Venice"?
Did Thomas Pynchon and David Foster Wallace ever meet?
Are there any shorter versions of Anna Karenina for primary children? I'm aware that the novel is very long and divided into sections.
What are the ways in which modernism manifests itself in art and literature?
What are the best scholarships to go for in literature after a bachelor’s in English literature?
How do I know in which language a book was originally written?
What are some tricks to make a short story told in the second person work?
Which book should I read first, An abundance of Katherines or Looking for Alaska?
What is the key difference between literature review and related work?
How does the poem "The Bangle Sellers" by Sarojini Naidu celebrate womanhood?
Did Rabindranath Tagore understand the complete essence of physics and mathematics?
Is classical literature similar to classical music?
What is the best book written on "Time Management"?
What are some examples of stage directions in literature?
What is the hardest obstacle modern day authors have?
What is the first percentage of BA English literature at Madras University?
What is malapropism in literature?
What is your favourite poem by Pablo Neruda?
What is the holy grail for English Literature students?
How can you describe the 3 types of irony?
What are examples of refrain in poetry?
What is the difference between Alanis Morissette irony and literary irony?
What are examples of banned short stories?
Which is the best novel of C.S. Lewis?
Was the beginning of George Orwell's "Animal Farm" what a social democracy is?
What are some good collections of short stories along with great criticism?
How important is originality in literature?
How did the Starks conquer the north and why were they stronger than any other house?
Why do human beings not like literature and philosophy?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
Which is a better book, "A Game of Thrones" or "To kill a Mockingbird"?
What tense should I use when writing literature review or critical review and why?
How can I carry out a good literature review?
Why is literature important in teaching?
Besides Huei Tlamahuiçoltica, are there any other major literary works in Classical Nahuatl?
Which writers should one read if one likes the works of Charles Bukowski?
Has anyone read “The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt”, by Albert Camus?
Which is the most patriotic poem for India in Hindi?
How risky is it to write poems metaphorically talking about drugs at school?
How is a literary genre modified?
Isn't A Song of Ice and Fire/Game of Thrones a sadistic piece of literature?
Which is the best edition of the book The Little Prince?
What are the key elements that makes a book surrealist?
How old or young is Indian literature?
Is programming the same as poetry?
What's the age of William Shakespeare?
What is the point of reading Shakespeare?
What are the possible chapters for the ISC 2018 English paper 2?
Why were Russia's contributions to music and literature in the 1800s internationally renowned, in stark contrast to its contemporary cultural output?
What are recommendations for short fiction novels, that contain intrigue/thriller aspects. NOT considered difficult reads, yet critically acclaimed?
Why is it called button poetry?
What are the areas of research in English literature?
Did Albert Camus ever write about anarchism or politics in general?
Do you read what you have written again and again to remind them?
What is the best website or application for reading short stories? Are any the best to your knowledge?
What’s the deal with Stephen King and The Ramones?
Do any of George Orwell’s predictions in "1984" come true?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
What were Queen Mab's 8 dreams from Romeo and Juliet?
In Robocop 1, why did Dick Jones killed Bob Morton?
What are the most beautiful literary passages about grief?
Can you give me a short review of my new Hindi poem?
I want to read novels. As a beginner which novel should I start with? (Interested in economics, love stories, knowledge)
What is an example of "enhanced literature”?
Can I study English literature after 12th and choose my career as civil services? Is it a good option?
How are novels different than other types of literature?
Who are the best contemporary Maithili writers?
How should I go about choosing a pen name?
Which novels have a very unique narration style?
Is “April Showers Bring May Flowers” a poem?
Who are the best writers of vignettes?
What percentage of ancient Greek literature is available to us now? Who are the most prevalent authors?
What are examples of a person's weakness being used against them?
How can you describe the importance of literature?
How can one explain the differences between English literature and English language teaching?
How many types of satire are there in English literature? Who is the expert who stated this?
What happens if very few people can understand your poems? Are they incompetent or are your poems too brilliant?
What are some good long poems?
What are some allusions in Wayne and Shuster's "Rinse the Blood Off My Toga"?
What respected piece of literature do you think is bad or undeserving of recognition?
What is “War and Peace” by Leo Tolstoy about?
How can I understand the conflict between science and religion in Victorian literature? Would you please recommend some books?
What do the slaves do in the book "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society"?
What is authoritative literature?
What do you call an elaborate tall story which ends abruptly for comedic effect?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
What are some Japanese books that have the theme or motif of mental illness?
Does reading great literature discourage aspiring novelists?
What happened to Christian literature?
Does too much reading turn you nuts?
Will Bran and Bloodraven resurrect Jon Snow?
Which is the best quote of Shakespeare? Why?
Has anyone ever scored full marks in ICSE board English literature paper?
How do you make a poem about someone?
Can science and literature go hand in hand?
What's a good serial novel recommendation?
What are the best subreddits for poetry?
Is reading books still important now that we have the internet?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
Once I've written a poem, what are the best ways to improve on it?
Are introductions to novels and plays important from an exam point of view?
What are the best Hindi poem sites?
Is Macbeth ambitious?
What are the few short and precious lines from Shakespeare's tragedies?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
How is a book to be read for remembring information long-term?
What are the 5 must read English classic books?
What is the most beautiful novel of Dostoyevsky you've ever read?
Do theater production companies usually have permanently hired playwrights or are all the successful playwrights freelance?
How does William Faulkner use literary techniques to characterize Addie in "As I Lay Dying"?
How are Lady Macbeth (Macbeth) and Queen Jocasta (Oedipus the King) different?
How is deliberate exaggeration used in literature?
What is the bandwagon technique in literature, and what are some examples?
What point is Dostoevsky making about saints' lives not being read in Orthodox liturgy (c.f. description)?
What does exposition mean in literature, and what are some examples?
Has anyone ever written a poem in the language of mathematics?
Will Brandon Stark be named lord of Winterfell after he returns from north of the Wall?
How do we change the emotional vibe/tone of a poem?
What are successful prose styles in literature?
Can you write a poem or jingle about your startup?
How do I make my English literature more emotive?
Is Bloodraven a good person?
What lost work of literature would be the most valuable, if found, and why?
How can an unpublished thesis be helpful in doing a literature review?
How do I mindmap a literary work?
What is an example of an anecdote in literature?
Is Tolstoy worth reading?
What are some novels adapted from movie screenplays?
What is the difference between poems and poet?
How do the types of diction work in literature?
What does subplot mean in literature? What are some examples?
Is physics, chemistry, Maths, English, and Literature in English a valid subject combination for ISC according to the latest curriculum?
Can anyone review my first short story?
What are the features of 20th century literature?
Is there a mythical character who overcame fate/destiny?
What is the greatest passage in literature?
What were the effects of Einstein's theory of relativity on art and literature?
What are some characteristics of the different kinds of poetry?
Who is a contemporary author who has not yet been explored by Ph.D.-level researchers in English literature?
Who is the best character created by Shakespeare?
What are some examples of prose in literature?
What are these kind of poems called?
Do you have to like literature in order to teach a language?
What is the form and/or nature of Dante's (The Divine Comedy) adaptation?
What does an ellipsis followed by an exclamation mark evoke?
What do the last 25 lines of book twelve of Paradise Lost mean?
What is the sexiest book you ever read?
Why is Ashara Dayne referenced so much (even again at the end of ADWD) in R+L=J given how rarely GRRM "wastes words"?
Where can I get the meanings for the quotations being written by the authors, great people etc?
What are some qualities of good poetry?
What exactly defines "litRPG" as a genre? Is it simply a story set in a world governed by game-like mechanics?
What are some PG-13 moments in Romeo and Juliet?
Who are the best contemporary Brazilian writers?
What are some teen novels written by European authors?
Was Franz Kafka autistic?
What is the best way to define vignette in literature?
What is contrasting imagery? What are some examples in the novel "In the Time of the Butterflies"?
What characterizes American poetry?
Which are some good poems that describes the teens life?
Can I write about My Name is Asher Lev or The Poisonwood Bible on the AP English Literature and Composition exam?
Should historical music, literature, etc. be rewritten to use language that is less offensive to the modern world?
What are the poetic devices in the poem "The Fog"?
How would you rate my poems in the following link?
Who is called the father of old English prose?
What are the significant characteristics of literature?
What is the significance of the number 13 relating to The Last Hero, The Night's King, and Bran the Builder?
Did Shakespeare write novels?
What is an omniscient narrator?
What are the 7 personalities a human being can have? I read it years ago, can't remember the book.
What group should I take in ICSE to get a BA in English literature?
The Anita Blake books, the Fever series, and The Godhunter series are some of my fav reads. Are there other books like these?
What is intertextuality in literature?
What are some poems about the Illuminati, conspiracies, or law?
ASOIAF: are there any theories based on tyrion's gigantic shadow?
What is the meaning of a Chinese teaching English literature?
What can you infer from the style of prose in a poem?
How do I make a good poem?
What is your favourite novel by a Canadian author?
Is a fountain head easy to read for beginners?
How do you rate my new hindi poem at  http://rksmonk.blogspot.in/?m=1?
What are some good short stories for a quick read?
How is greed represented in literature?
Does 'atrocity literature' pervade in the left liberal intelligentsia in India?
What is the the greatest quote ever written?
What are the features of ancient Mesopotamian literature?
Who is your favorite author of teen books?
Which should be the first book a guy should read?
What are the elements of literary analysis?
Why is Pride and Prejudice written far more complex than Dorian Gray? (Grammar/vocab wise)
What are some inspirational poems that have really moved you? Would you like to share one of your best poems or by other poets?
What are the 10 Hindi poems that changed the country?
What are the perks of an omniscient narrator?
What are the main characteristics of epic heroes in literature?
How many historical parallels are there in Margaret Atwood's "The Handmaid's Tale"?
Why does the theme of sacrifice recur in O. Henry's stories, like The Gift of the Magi, One Thousand Dollars and The Last Leaf?
In ASOIAF how is it possible that Jeyne Poole is sent to be married to Ramsay Snow as Arya Stark and none of the northern lords are able to identify her as an imposter?
Why am I so obsessed with the idea of metaphorical death in my literary criticism?
Can you help me with literature reviews on the rate of students dropping out of the university, using the survival analysis approach?
In literary terms, what is couplet?
Should I follow my dream and study physics (even if I failed several times) or study what I'm good at (literature)?
In the catcher in the rye, who are flits?
Why isn't J.R.R. Tolkien mentioned in books like 'History of English' as a great author?
What is zoomorphism in literature?
What do you think of the sample chapters of “The Winds of Winter”? Which ones are the most compelling to you?
Can I get a literary manager with an incomplete feature length screenplay?
What are examples of octameters in poetry?
Has any ancient Roman solder ever written a book about being caught enslave and freed by their're enemy?
What is the meaning of 'appropriateness of a title' of a short story?
Considering that they killed Jojen Reed in the Game of Thrones TV series, can we say that the "Jojen Paste" and Howland Reed theories are unfounded?
Can you give a few examples of academic studies in Literature that sparked a controversy?
What book would you like to see in the Mumbai University literature syllabus?
Will Jorah's wife ever make an appearance, if not in the show atleast in the books?
Is art/literature subjective or objective?
How do you feel about Shakespeare and his work?
If you had to write the best novel in history what would it be about?
Is there any way I could get a copy of the short story 'Bankubabur Bandhu' that was published in 'Sunday Suspense' written by Satyajit Ray?
In the Shakespeare play 'Macbeth', is Lady Macbeth the real driving force behind the murder of Duncan?
What are the best literary magazines for humorous short stories?
In which literary age does Charles Lamb belongs?
What is the relationship between linguistics, literary criticism and stylistics?
Are there books using a lot of dialects like The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn?
What is the meaning of Tagore’s poem "Lord of My Life"?
Is there any connection between Albert Camus and James Joyce?
What should I be reading?
Where can I find someone to analyse the poem The Elder's Rebuke by Emily Brontë with me?
Do you have any research papers on critical literary skills for EFL?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
What do you think about Serbian literature?
Does handwriting matter on the ISC literature paper?
How was the writing of To Kill a Mockingbird affected by the historical context?
What is the difference between negative thinking and bad thinking?
What are some examples, if any, of Danish-language poetry in the existentialist tradition?
Why does Shakespeare name his characters after places?
Can you write a poem about yourself?
Why were Russia's contributions to music and literature in the 1800s more impactful compared to its contemporary contributions?
Who are the most prominent writers in authoritative literature?
What are some of the best book about Christian marriage?
Can someone identify an author or scientist that was obsessed with patterns? So much he isolated himself in a room and only let his wife see him.
What are some similar books or authors to Run for Your Sweet Life, by Rex Benedict?
What is the personification of a story?
Was the Mother of God icon (Theotokos of Vladimir?) included amongst the reforms of the Russian patriarch Nikon (1605–1681)?
How do I choose a pseudonym?
What are the characteristics of an omniscient narrator?
Why is Shakespeare more famous than Bernard Shaw?
What are some examples of chiasmus in literature?
What is the most important thing to remember when writing a poem?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
How did Joseph Conrad influence the literary World?
What is your review of Orwell's "1984"?
How do I write a Literature Review of an article?
What books are a must-read for you?
Which is the good place to share poems and stories?
What is poetry? What is not poetry?
What are your favourite lines from any novel?
What does the term enhanced literature evoke in your mind?
Which is the best ever blog you read & subscribed to?
What is a distributed wireless communication system? What does it entail, and what is its present and future scope?
What is a good example of a literary analysis summary?
Is Rabindranath Tagore underrated in India?
Have you ever written a pet resume?
What is the theme of poem The Daffodils?
What are some good examples of children in To Kill a Mockingbird practicing equality?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
Why do people like Edgar Allen Poe's creepy poems?
I want to learn from great authors by memorising passages of their works. Who do you think has the most beautiful writing?
What are some of the best novella/novels to read (any genre)?
What are literary terms?
What are some examples of hasty generalizations in literature?
What is Ali AlShamsi's favorite book?
What are some other movies like "Midnight in Paris" which celebrate literature or depict the magical artistic era?
What are some good braj poems or songs I can read?
Is In Search of Lost Time autobiographical?
What is the best University in Lahore (Pakistan) to do BS in English literature?
Is it good for a 14-year-old to read Crime and Punishment?
Where can I find a PDF version of the English translation of the Marcel Proust text “The Sunbeam on the Balcony”?
What is your favourite literary quote?
When reading a translated book, do we read the writer or the translator?
Who is to blame for the untimely deaths of Romeo and Juliet?
Which is the best patriotic poem on India?
What are the characteristics of medieval literature?
What is the greatest quote found in literature?
What did the Little Prince learn from the rose?
What does "you can do anything with bayonets but sit on them" mean?
What are idioms used for in literature?
Which is the best inspiring book written by Mr. Khushwant Singh?
Shakespeare’s son Hamnet died as a result of which historically significant cause?
The war has left its “r” behind and turned into love. What do these lines from the poem “Another Planet” by Dunya Mikhail mean?
How would you summarize the purpose of life in one sentence?
What is your personal reaction or response to "The Grand Inquisitor," a chapter from Dostoyevsky's "The Brothers Karamazov"?
What is romanticism architectural style?
Is the river Saraswati in Vedantic literature a Metaphor for Narmada? Or could it be Brahmaputra? Did such a river exist Historically?
What are some must-read dark romantic works?
How good is a university in Portugal in the humanities area, like philosophy and literature?
Do literary agents expect writers to include a marketing plan in their query?
Which is the best collection of ghost stories written by an Indian Author?
What is a theme in literature and what are some examples?
What are the defining works of authoritative literature?
What is the point of Donalbain in Macbeth?
Why is The Catcher in the Rye considered a great book?
What are the most beautiful sensual/romantic poems (such as those by Neruda)?
Is it worth getting a Master’s in English literature from the UK?
What does hook mean in literature?
What author has written the most words?
Why didn't women perform on the stage in Shakespeare's time?
What recent Italian police-procedural novels are both well-written and gracefully translated into English?
How are 'hot' and 'white' together an oxymoron (in the poem 'Catrin' by Gillian Clarke)?
Is there any recommended reference book for Cambridge A level literature, (Philip Larkin’s poem analysis)?
What is Shakespeare's purpose with Lord Capulet in Romeo and Juliet?
What are some of the suggessions of research topic for my English Literature Ph.D?
Can literary works be interpreted differently?
What are some fictional (plot devices) places or settlements in the UK?
What is the point of reading books?
Since everyone will interpret religious texts however they want, why do we regard holy books differently from any other literature?
Which language has the richest literature?
What is Shakespeare’s purpose with Juliet in “Romeo and Juliet”?
What English novels, any genre, would you recommend to someone?
What are the most amazing and special books you have ever read?
What is the most self-indulgent piece of writing you've read?
What was a moment in a book that after reading it, changed your opinion on the book?
How would an author describe you as a character in a book?
What are the novels used in AS level literature?
Who is the better play writter, William Shakespeare or Anton Chekhov? And why?
What are some forgotten classics to read?
May I know the summary of the short story, "The Grown-up"?
Who was the Casino guy Mr. Wednesday met in Las Vegas?
How can I find a perfect novel on adaptation, among the thousands of novels in the world?
Which poem is this line from: "All the world's a stage…"?
What do the deaths of Myrtle, Mr. Wilson, and Gatsby represent about the American Dream?
What are some examples of oxymorons in poetry?
What kind of family dynamics is the most interesting in your opinion?
What do you think is the importance of names in children's literature?
Who is like William Shakespeare?
What is a refrain in poetry?
What is GGBS and where can I find literature about it?
How can read famous works of Indian literature online?
Are there any fantasy characters that are great cooks?
What are the best materials for writing a literature review on a geostatistical analysis of heavy metal polluted soils?
What are the best funny short stories?
I don't like reading PDFs but since books are costly, how can I develop my interest for reading PDF books?
Who are some great writers from Liverpool?
Despite being a linguist, I fail to appreciate literature. Is that normal?
What is the best vignette you've ever read?
What are some creative lines to say or text to your man if he asks you to write a few lines about him, e.g., a poem?
What is the secret to a poem that just seems to "work"?
How much of a book do you have to have read to say that you've read it in a personal statement?
Was Shakespeare not a man of good character?
What is the benefit of defining a genre in literature?
What is the summary of the poem Dover Beach?
Which literary character’s life would you like to live for 1 week?
Is The Brothers Karamazov the greatest novel?
What is a short poem or song related to consequentialism?
What is Mayadhar Mansingh's greatest work?
What are some examples of a literary foil?
What are some world-famous German literature?
What are some good Turkish poetry and quotes?
Which one is the best Urdu novel of Urdu literature, like as we have Pride and Prejudice from English Literature?
What are some examples of end-stop lines in poetry?
Which languages lend themselves particularly well for poetry?
How do common literary techniques work?
What is literature based discovery in a nutshell?
What is a philosophically invigorating book that pushes the mind to think both laterally and logically, a literary masterpiece?
How do I find myself (job) if I have some interest in literature, movie and generally in art?
How and where can I learn English literature and poetry?
What does the metaphor "Wind in trust, wind in sleep" mean for you?
What is the role of literature in administration?
Will people judge me if I read Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov?
What literary theory quote states that you find 'the truths' by yourself (without a text)?
What are some literary works that are originally non-English but are similar to those by JK Rowling (Harry Potter) or Tolkien?
How is realism presented in Charles Dickens’ novels?
Are the Brave Companions Oberyn Martell's sellsword company?
What is the theme of morality in The Waste Land and The Great Gatsby?
Who are the most controversial writers in Literature?
How can I excel in English Literature?
Which one is older, French or English Literature?
What are entry points for venturing into Russian literature and theatre? (preferably with English translations, international editions)
In ASOIAF vs GOT, can the show provide an alternate ending to the book series?
What did you think of the Vorrh, by Brian Catling?
How can I score good marks without reading the novel for my English literature exam?
How do you find a favorite book?
Is English literature a good optional subject for the UPPSC? Where can I get the previous years’ papers for English literature?
Should the notion of a literary and philosophical canon of “great works” be forsaken?
What is the longest English literature Word?
Why is poetry better than drama?
How many types of meter are there in poems?
Is Harold Bloom accessible to non-literature specialists? Is he easy to read if you simply enjoy Shakespeare?
In your opinion, why are people interested in literature containing themes of sexuality or pornography?
Where can I get constructive criticism on my poetry?
What are the effect of English on African literature?
What are the effects of the English language on African literature?
Why might Shakespeare have begun the play Romeo and Juliet as he did in Act I?
What are the best Short comedy story website?
Do creatures like mermen and winged men truly exist in the world of A Song of Ice and Fire? If they do, would it hurt the "realism" of the series?
What should my introduction in a persuasive speech about reading non-famous books be?
What is your favourite poem relating to flowers, and why?
Do you remember a childhood story about a shepherd boy, who had cheese and apple every day for lunch, and had to decide which to eat first?
How do you feel about Dante's depiction of Hell?
What is an explanation of the ending of "Cien años de soledad"?
What do graduates of English literature do in your country?
Is Eegan a Tamil word? Can you provide examples from literature?
What is literature mapping in thesis or dissertation?
In your own opinion, who has better stories: Edgar Allan Poe or H.P. Lovecraft?
What is some essential terminology that I should know for IB English literature papers 1 and 2?
How can a person stop thinking he/she is better than other people?
What should I say in a competition before starting the poem?
Who do you find to be a better writer and why, Ernest Hemingway or William Faulkner?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
What are some examples of parallels between Dante's Inferno and Mary Shelly's Frankenstein?
What is the meaning of “the beat generation”?
Is poetry the jazz of literature?
When Shakespeare said, "Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps." What does it mean to you and your life?
Who are some famous writers who were relatively old when they started their literary career?
What is the theme in the short story "Going to Meet the Man"?
Are there any non-sexist, non-racist, non-classist, and non-homophobic fantasy writings?
How does Shakespeare describe women in the Merchant of Venice?
What role do you think Val will play in TWOW?
What is the feminine ending of poems?
Are there any complete filmed versions of Romeo and Juliet?
What does "Aeons of acquiescence in race destiny, instead of our individual resistance" mean as used by D. H. Lawrence in Lady Chatterley’s Lover?
How does literature review help you to prove the relevance of your research?
In a collision of 2 galaxies, what happens to the black holes in the center of both galaxies, and why are the galaxies’ shapes elliptical, not spiral?
Is there any literature dealing with the gay underworld in Shakespeare's time?
What are some clever ways Shakespeare used language?
Why is utopia impossible?
What are some English language alternative history novels or short stories that are focused on Song or Yuan China achieving an industrial revolution?
What is a good example of an implication in literature?
How are literary narratives used?
What are the most beautiful/inspirational/motivational poems that you have ever read/heard?
Why was Arjuna scared of Lord Krishna's Vishwaroopa (cosmic form)? What did he actually see?
Why does Jain literature form a major part of Halegannada literature?
Do you think that the Scottsboro boys case was the inspiration for Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What are some good poems on infidelity?
What are some common literary techniques?
Is the story of John F. Kennedy a dark sort of masterpiece? Is it a literary miracle that is based from Alice in Wonderland?
What are some examples of literary tropes?
What are the actions of a good mother?
Do you think there is a possibility that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World dystopic futuristic world may become real (technology / moral topics)?
What are some great Persian poems with their English translations?
What was unique about William Faulkner and his writing?
Who are the most interesting characters from ancient literature?
Whose name did Elia Martell say before she was murdered?
Where can I find two titles of short stories that I can compare for themes?
What is the importance of the twentieth century literature?
When and how did free verse poetry originate?
Can I get a self-composed romantic poem for my beloved?
What is the most unusual plot in a literary novel?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
To better understand humanity, what "theme courses" should a college student take besides History, Literature, Philosophy Theology and Art?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
Which books are the most important in the CBSC NET exam for English literature?
How​ many types of meters are there in literature?
What book should I choose for my book prize?
Was Margaery Tyrell actually having sex with someone?
What book of contemporary poetry should I read next?
I need a poetry on the topic books, which is the best poetry on books?
Is the worldview presented in Friedrich Dürrenmatt's play The Visit pessimistic or hopeful?
Who has read all the works of Shakespeare in English?
How do you make the most out of the books you read?
How can I prepare for the CATE DU 2017? Which books should I choose for increasing general awareness about English language and literature?
What are some great chapters of riddling dialogue exchanges in literature (or between eccentric, phanstastic characters)?
What are the best reads for Hindi sahithya and poetry?
How can I start preparing for English literature JRF?
What are some thoughts on slain poetry, and who is good at it?
What was William Shakespeare best known for?
Why doesn’t the Philippines have a lot of literature?
Who are some of the best fiction writers of the twentieth century?
What sonnets are related to sonnet 25 by Shakespeare?
What are some short stories about physics?
What is some Puranic literature that is read for family values?
What is meant by Romanticism?
How can you instill a feeling of doom in a work of fiction?
Discuss the underpinning of Marxist literary theory?
What are the less known pieces of poetry that one must read?
Would you consider Nabokov's "Pale Fire" to be a satire of literature professors? Why or why not?
Who has noticed the plot similarities between "Burmese Days" by George Orwell and "Moloch" by Alexander Kuprin?
Are there any good articles about the popularity of books that one can use as references in a formal speech?
Which website offers poetry criticism for youngsters?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What are some good books written on the topic of literature?
Is there any difference between the various trends of postmodern literature and the characteristics of postmodern literature?
Why should you read unpopular books?
How does archetypal criticism approach literary text?
Is there any website where I can get all of the necessary material for NET exam in English Literature?
What are the various theories on The Brave Companions/The Bloody Mummers in ASOIAF?
What are some examples of similes in poetry?
Why are Levantine Arabs hostile against Maghreb literature?
Among winners of the Nobel Prize in Literature, who was the oldest when they wrote their first book?
What is meant by the post-occupational period in Philippine literature?
What are your thoughts after reading "The Old Man and the Sea,” by Ernest Hemingway?
Which is the best college for BA in English Literature (hons) in Mumbai?
How can we define poetry?
Which author do you like better, James Patterson or Albert Camus?
Which one is best to become a good writer, a Masters in Journalism or Masters in English Literature?
What is your own best poem?
What is the difference between abstract and literature review?
How many books should one read to become an aspiring writer?
What are some good examples of allusion poems?
Why we should take you for our assistant professor of English literature?
What do you think the poem "Tiger in the Menagerie" by Emma Jones is about?
How​ many types of satire are there in English literature?
What is the difference between studying English literature at a prestigious university like DU, JNU, or HCU, and a local college?
How is 'The Divine Comedy' characteristic of humanistic thinking?
What are the "elements" in a literary work? What does the word "element" mean here?
How hard is it to get a seat in MCC for a BA in English Literature? I have 84%, am not a Christian and I belong to the SCA.
What is the best short story or novel about immigration after the division of Pakistan and India?
In Animal Farm by George Orwell, why did he decide to use animals instead of humans for his characters?
How do you find themes in literature?
What textbooks are used by English majors (English literature) in American or British universities?
What is an end-stop line in poetry?
What are examples of dramatic techniques in the work, “As You Like It”?
Should I get a Ph.D.in Literature?
What is better, engineering or literature?
Where is the famous & prestigious Tamil quote "Kal thondri man thondra kalathu mun thondriya mutha kudi tamil kudi" from?
Have you read much of Chris Hedges' work? If so, what did you think?
Was William Shakespeare the real deal or a fraud?
How can youth creativity foster interest to literature?
In Moby Dick, what are Ishmael's character traits? What are some sentences that prove them?
Is the "Pink Letter" received by Jon Snow at the end of ADWD true? Was it really sent by Ramsay Bolton?
Where can I find some good poems about mothers?
How would "Hamlet" change being translated to modern English?
Is Edgar Allan Poe's play 'Politian' a good play?
What does the Vladimir Putin quote, "Sometimes it is necessary to be lonely in order to prove that you are right," mean?
What are some characteristics of the different moods in literature?
Could the stunning beauty of these Canadian Lynx inspire you to create a short story, or poem?
What are the advantages and disadvantaged of literary sources In history?
What is the masculine ending of poems?
How can the youth contribute to building an interest in culture and literature?
Who are some classic literature authors as widely read and as culturally influential as Shakespeare?
Why is J.K. Rowling considered a genius?
What was Jean de la Fontaine’s impact on French literature?
Are any Haruki Murakami stories set in Osaka, Kobe, Kansai or the Kyoto areas?
Which is the best book ever written on determinism (i.e. lack of free will)?
What is free verse poetry? Also, what is an example of free verse poetry?
What do you make of the new Arianne chapter?
What are the characteristics of a literary foil?
In 1984 by George Orwell, how is part 2 chapter 10 an emphasis on an awakening of a kind for Winston?
What are some examples of parallelism in literature?
What if Goethe wrote a poem "Die cannabis-Pflanze"?
What should I read in preparation for studying a BA (Hons) in English Literature?
How do memory and love interact with one another in The Great Gatsby?
What is the difference between meters in poems?
How is the concept of cultural encounter treated in the short story “One Out of Many” by V. S. Naipaul?
Is it possible for citations of academic literature to form a loop?
What are the kinds of dialogue in Macbeth?
Which is the best history book of English literature?
What are the 3 types of irony in literature?
Where are the book stores for IT literature in Berlin?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Can the Children of the Forest be trusted?
Why do authors use mythology in literature?
What are some romantic Love stories or poems in Tamil history literature?
What kind of a man was William Shakespeare by nature, in character and behaviour and not by his scholarly knowledge?
What is Gothic Literature and what are the elements of it?
Who was the most famous playwright prior to William Shakespeare?
What are the literary devices in the novel Unwind?
How does Derrida's work relate to Wittgenstein's?
In literary criticism, what is the second-person style of free indirect discourse (FID) sometimes attributed to Dostoevsky?
What are the main characteristics of literary narratives?
What's the difference between a ghazal, a poem, shayari, muktak, and nazm?
Who is the best author of kids literature?
What is the stream of consciousness in literature?
What fate would you prefer be Ashara Dayne's? If she's alive would you prefer Quaithe, Jyanna or Lemore? Or Would you rather she were dead? Why?
What are the characteristics of a symbolic poem?
What do you think of "postmodernism generators"?
What is the duty of a literary vice captain?
What is literary criticism today?
How would you use the concept of arpeggio in poetry?
What types of writing conventions are we using in the classical literature of English in 2017?
Can I study AME after completing my graduate in English literature?
What do you like most about poetry?
Did great writers study literary theory or literary criticism?
What are some examples of repetition in writing?
What is your opinion on Chatterton? Where do you put him?
What are some good poems on perseverance?
What is the best way to describe a gothic setting in literature?
Why do some people think Hamlet (or any Shakespeare play) was bad literature?
Why should mythology not be taught in the form of literature?
Could you recommend me a modern novel that is not too heavy, yet with a good message/purpose, which is easy to read and analyse?
What are examples of poems with expressions that don’t work in English?
Do you think that postmodernism is explored in philosophy, literary theory, or both?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
Was Gaston Godin also a pedophile?
What is your opinion about T.S. Eliot’s poem “The Waste Land”?
What are the themes of Indian English prose?
What are the differences between the Great Expectations movie (1946) & the novel?
Which book of Dostoevsky is mostly liked?
What classic novel would you match with a city to read it in?
What are the norms in Macbeth?
How can I write a poem about computers and literature by combining both of them?
What is the importance of signs and symbols in literature?
Which book should I read after To Kill a Mockingbird?
Are there any allusions to the biblical story of "the prodigal son" in literature? Is this story echoed in Goethe, Faulkner, or Marlowe?
What is the summary of the poem ‘The Heart of the Tree’ by Henry Cuyler Bunner?
Does "bad" literature exist?
What are the best sources of the study of German literature in a simplified on the Internet?
Who is a self-destructive character from ancient literature?
Can anyone give me literature on biodiesel?
Can you believe that only a few centuries ago, the majority of the population was illiterate?
Hindi Literature: Where can I find ' भारत: इतिहास और संस्कृति ' book written by Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh?
What does "spring rills in a thaw" mean?
What is the theme of the novel – Gaban?
What are the good topics for doing research in literature?
How can articles in a journal and an unpublished thesis be helpful when doing a literature review?
Why is Franz Kafka not one of the best writers from the Czech Republic in most of the lists of top writers on the Internet?
Can somebody give me a critical analysis of the poem ‘The Laughing Farmers’ by Kate Firth? The whole poem is in the first answer.
How can I be good at interpreting poetry?
Who was William Wordsworth and what was his contribution to English literature?
What are the essentials/classic books for a beginner in Russian Literature?
Were Hizdahr and the Green Grace siding with the Yunkai Wise Masters the whole time, after Dany flew away?
What are good topics on English literature for presentations?
What are examples of abstract in literature?
What is lacking in modern literature?
What is a cliche in literature?
What is my scope of getting into the MA program for comparative literature in Jadavpur University? How many seats are available for students with a non-literature background?
Is it good to pursue an MBA after a BA in English literature?
What is your favourite part of Mark Twain's book 'The Prince and the Pauper'? And why?
Who brought Lyanna Stark's remains back to Winterfell?
How can I promote a literature blog?
Why is it that the School of Open Learning of Delhi University notes are not available for the modern European drama of The Good Woman of Szechwan?
What is the most powerful poem or quote you know?
What are some poems writtern by Munshi Premchand?
There is a good word to describe something very popular and trashy, bad taste, lurid at the same time?
What is a stanza in poetry and what are some examples?
What German written literature or opera can you not forget?
What did Shakespeare mean when he wrote, “One may smile and smile and yet be a villain”?
What is the advantagees of doing a literature review?
How many pages should you have for a poetry book?
What is the most disturbing book you've ever read and why?
What is your pettiest peeve in literature?
Does Muslim poetry have to be written by Middle East poets before it's considered good poetry?
What page of "Childhood, Boyhood, Youth" by Leo Tolstoi is this quote from?
Are there any English poem that are very romantic?
What is “blank verse” in English literature?
Which is better: "What's your favourite short poem" or "What's your favourite short poem and why"?
What is a 2-5 minute poem about serving one another in love?
What is the best literature concerning the devil?
How can I promote the "pantun", a type of Malayan poetry, so it can be internationally known?
What are some of the literary merits for The Glass Menagerie?
What is the difference between modern and traditional African literature?
What is the best written piece of text in history?
Is it advisable to do an EE in English A1 literature even though I don't have a background of literature in high school?
What is the importance of literature in our life?
When and how did you start reading the ASOIAF series? Is there a story behind it?
Is it true of great literary characters that they are loved by readers not despite their failings, but because of them?
What are some pieces of literature that explore the intersections between the self and technology?
Do you think poetry is a dying art?
What was the first book ever illustrated?
Is literature a form of art like painting or drawing?
Which pyschological novel is the best?
What is a good poem about morality?
Which rhetorical device do you find most appealing in literature?
What is the best horror story written by Edgar Allan Poe and why?
When does language become literature?
Can poetry be used to give DAWA?
What have been the worst productions of Shakespeare plays?
Are there any tricks to finding good reading on the literary magazine N+1's website?
Can true literature exist only where it is created by madmen, hermits, heretics, dreamers, rebels, and skeptics?
What is modernist literature at its hardest and at its softest?
How can the literature of the 1980s be described?
If the topics and subjects of Ayn Rand and George Orwell have some similarities, why do scholars dislike and criticize so hard Ayn Rand?
What are some of the features that make Pygmalion an important literary work?
Did Shakespeare write Macbeth to impress King James?
Why do people say 'I don't know nothing' even though it is wrong in English?
What is the poetic device alliteration?
Is there anything worth living for outside of sports and literature?
How was literature displayed in the 19th and 20th centuries?
Is there a trace of American national identity in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What are the best death poems of all time in English?
What are the most creative "About me" descriptions you've ever read anywhere?
Why did Arthur Miller include the character of Hopkins in The Crucible?
What does the term "invective" mean in literature?
Why should we volunteer for Dehradun Literature & The Arts (DELTA) Festival?
Can Chetan Bhagat's novels ever find a place amongst college degree-level English literature curriculums?
What were Mark Twain's other pseudonyms?
Which poem is the best long poem to recite in an inter-school competition?
Given that the great American novel is The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, what is the great American novel of the twentieth century?
What is the purpose of emotional appeal in literature?
What literary device is used for "The pen is mightier than the sword" and "A picture is worth a thousand words"?
Did Umberto Eco affirm drawing inspiration for The Name of the Rose from the Cold War political context and leftist factionalism?
What are examples of literary epics?
Do Muslims appreciate poetry?
Who are the people behind DLitFest?
What is your favourite Shakespeare work?
What's your favorite philosophy book? Any recommendation?
In writing a synopsis/summary from the first-person point of view, can we refer to the narrator using the author's name?
Is the house known as "Shakespeare's birthplace" in Stratford-upon-Avon a Victorian remake of the original?
In general, what are your thoughts on the book To Kill A Mockingbird? Did you enjoy it? Why, or why not?
What are the best comedy short stories by Anton Chekhov?
Did Shakespeare write grotesque and macabre plays?
Are there any novels that don't contain conflicts?
Name some short stories that give us the moral of not underestimating a common man.
How do I frame a good English literature question?
How do I earn money by posting Hindi poem?
What is heightened language (in literature and language)?
Who is going to attend the Dehradun literature festival?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
Can a Muslim propagate Islam using poetry he has written?
What type of poems audience prefer to read?
What are the probable questions in English literature for 2018 ISC?
What is a paradox in literature?
Given that classes operate differently today, how is Great Expectations relevant to your life, and how is it not? Could you cite personal examples?
What are the most interesting objective questions based on literature?
What is fin'amor and how is it different from courtly love?
What are the reviews of literature related to anemia in antenatal mothers?
Is there any Tamil literature that talks about the early Chola dynasty’s Navy stationed in Poompuhar?
What are the books youngsters must read?
Why were the wildling spearwives killing people at Winterfell under Mance's orders, assuming they were the killers?
Have anyone read the Korean short story "Rain shower (Sonagi)"? If so, what was your impression about it?
Is there any site in which the Delhi University topper students post their notes on English literature? If yes, can you send me the link?
What are the best colleges in terms of faculty, for pursuing an MA in English literature in India?
What are the achievements of Thamizhan in literature?
Who is the dead boy that Arya finds in the temple with four gold coins on his person?
Can someone help me in English poetry?
Where can I find poems online in Hindi on the web?
Why don't Arabic Muslims respect English poetry when it was written by an English Muslim poet?
What are some must-read books on philosophy?
Where can I find a poem on Chaduvu (study)?
What could be an 8th deadly sin?
What is the significance of the American Dream in the Great Gatsby?
How did the Qur'an influence literature and poetry?
Were lions (Panthera Leo) ever mentioned in Indian literature or cave art before the coming of Alexander?
What are the important literary terms and movements in English literature to prepare for UGC NET and SET/SLET?
How is the failure of the Percy revolution foreshadowed by Shakespeare?
What is a short story that is worthwhile to read?
Is the poem "Confession" by Bukowski included in any of his books?
How do I sell my Islamic-themed poetry to Muslims or anyone else?
Which are the best of Jaun Eliya poetry?
Why should we avoid opening up poetry for interpretation?
What are the best poems about the mind in disrepair?
In which language is Islamic literature present?
What are some good short stories in Hindi to read with my wife?
What are some historical stories written by Munshi Premchand?
Can anyone guide me about the centres that offer coaching for English literature as optionals?
Do you think slam poetry, Instagram poetry and rap are considered as a "real" poetry? Why/why not?
What are some good term paper topic on human rights literature?
How can I identify mood and tone in literature?
What impact did Maugham's short story "The Fall of Edward Barnard" have on you? What is your takeaway from this story?
In Act II, why does Romeo want to remain at the Capulet house?
What are your own written couplet or poetry?
Is literature a mirror of society?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
What is Northern African literature?
In 1984 by George Orwell, why don't crimes exist in Oceania?
What is the impact of emotional appeal in literature?
Who can write a prequel to Romeo and Juliet?
Why were Flints and Norreys at Alys Karstark's wedding?
How is cross culturality the soul of world literature?
How would you cherish a lover in poetry?
What is the summary of Reflections In Westminster Abbey: by Joseph Addison (1711)?
What literary devices are found in The Odyssey?
What is Sangam age and what are the events associated with it?
I would want to pursue a PhD in erotic literature. But I have no idea where to start and what to read. Can someone help?
What universities are the best option for a PhD in English Literature?
Why is The Wife of Bath’s Tale a literary masterpiece?
How did contemporary Russian literature influence the Russian Revolution, and vice versa?
How do you interpret Eleven Minutes by Paulo Coelho?
Is the novel Huckleberry Finn allowed in school libraries?
What do the following lines mean: "Insolence is not logic, epithets are arguments of malice"?
What is the process of doing a literature review?
What do you get out of reading Shakespeare?
What was literature like in the 1980s?
What are some best lines from novels?
In what period of time did Aldous Huxley live in Italy?
What are the best philosophy books?
Why can’t animals create literature like humans?
Which course offers a wider scope of job opportunities: BA English Honors or BA-EJP course (English, Journalism, Psychology)?
Why was the Elizabethan Age called the Golden Age of English literature?
What university major suits a love for psychology, biology, literature, and travel?
What is the summary of “Ecology,” a​ poem by A.K.Ramanujan?
What are your favourite books from the Iliad & Odyssey?
Where can one find the obscure works (i.e. plays and poems) of Nikos Kazantzakis ("Julian the Apostate", "Odysseus", "Tertsinas", etc.)?
From which poet can I learn beautiful new words and word combinations?
What are some characteristics of the different types of conflict in literature?
How has the emotional appeal of literature changed through time?
What are some examples of intertextuality in literature?
Why do authors use animals in children literature?
What are some of the most underrated novels?
Was Dostoevsky right in saying : "If God does not exist everything is allowed"?
How can I prepare for a closed book English literature exam?
What is the difference between a BA in literature and a BA in communicative English?
What should I speak, as a literary secretary of a school?
What are the similarities of the Wizard of Oz and the Bible?
What modern day characters relate to Macbeth?
What is the landscape of poetry?
Can poetry be used to propagate Islam?
Is every Shakespeare play written in iambic pentameter?
What is the best Brazilian literary work?
Has anyone read the book 'The Blue Umbrella' by Ruskin Bond?
What do you think of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
Are there any tricks to writing a literature review effectively and easily?
How would you rewrite Romeo and Juliet?
Which stream should I keep in 11th and 12th to pursue in English literature?
What is the best poem book you've ever read?
What is the best CIE IGCSE English Literature book for a private candidate?
What makes Oliver Twist a good book?
Is “The Little Match Girl” a well-known story? Is it taught at school? If yes, how is it taught?
What are some good themes for an essay about "Macbeth" by William Shakespeare?
Where can I publish my Malayalam stories and poems?
What apps can I use to read quality novels from popular authors?
What are 3 reasons that prove Romeo and Juliet are responsible for their own death?
What is a good introduction for the poem 'Kubla Khan' by Samuel Taylor Coleridge?
What is the poem where a guy runs up to a new born baby and asks him what was life like before being born and the baby just smiles?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
Do "the classics" (in literature) ever become obsolete or no longer relevant?
What is a poem that relates to the song “Outta My System” in any way?
Soul awakens, eyes get closed. Is this a right phrase?
What song can you compare the poem "Last Night" by Sharon Olds with?
What is the contribution of Chaucer in English poetry?
Why does Shakespeare matter?
What are some examples of elegiac tone in literature?
Where can I listen to famous English poems?
What enhances quality of life more, science or literature?
What effect have the writings of Hemingway had on literature?
How can I improve my literature vocabulary?
What does the title '' to build a fire '' in Jack London's short story means?
In Ryūnosuke Akutagawa's short story "In a Grove", what are your theories regarding what happened to the samurai?
What is the criteria for entry into a literary canon?
What is the interpretation of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
What does wearable poetry mean?
Which Marathi plays are considered as classics, and why?
What kind of background knowledge should I have before reading Roman and Greek mythology? Will reading it just as it is be okay?
Is it normal that my poems look horrible to me?
What are some examples of allegories in poetry?
Does Delhi University organise literature fellowship?
How can I criticize Sonnet 95 of Shakespeare?
Which negative poem do you like best?
Which is the best English poem which can be related to Baba Ambedkar's life?
"A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband." What does this mean?
What makes The Scarlet Letter a good book?
What are the best books written on India?
One source to read about History of English Literature (British, American, Colonial and Post-Colonial writing) 14th century up to the 21st century?
What are poetic techniques used for?
Why is love said to be bourgeois?
How can I appreciate a poem?
Why do the British find Shakespeare so inspiring?
What are the classic works of Byzantine literature?
What is the last book you read that you thought "This is going to become a classic"?
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
What is the theme and purpose of the poem "Shipmates" by Merle Collins?
What are some examples of great American novels?
What is a famous ballad poem?
What are the mythological stories/popular stories where an honorable man kills another honorable man?
Who are some famous authors that sucked at basic math?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
What are examples of epiphanies in literature?
Is there a localized version of the Qur'an?
What’s your favourite poem?
Is Sophocles’s Oedipus Rex world literature?
What can I do in order to understand poetry well?
Is there an equivalent story to David and Goliath in Chinese mythology and literature?
What is the formalist approach to the study of literature?
What are some novels written in both first and third person?
How long does it take to find a literary agent?
Do we give meaning to songs, poems and even speeches?
What are the benefits of majoring in English/Literature?
Where can I find the best literature on microfinance?
What are some examples of romantic period literature?
For my assignment, I need to answer this: What is the relevance of the dinosaur's incorporation within Animal Farm? There was no dinosaur in the book, was there?
What is the poem written by Hannah that Ryan publishes in 13 Reasons Why?
Do you agree with critics who argue that Shakespeare was "bored" when writing "Cymbeline" and that the themes within the play are a spoof of his craft?
What are your favourite poems about immigrants?
What is your review of University College of Arts and Social Sciences, Osmania Universi?
Which version of the Bible would offer me the best literary experience?
What is your most favourite short poem and why?
Which modern languages have the most impressive culture?
What are examples of the symbolism of violence in The Great Gatsby?
What are examples of the application of Latin in English literature?
Where were the great works of literature written?
What are a few contemporary topics in interpretation theory?
Which are the most important books about anarchism that are recommendable?
What is the most absurd book you've ever read?
Some people worship Ayn Rand, while others are totally against her books/philosophy. What should a young adult know about her book before starting it?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
Who is the most promising English poet in today's literary world?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
Who wrote Full Moon at Tierz?
How do I get a job as a literary critic?
What is the comparison of different types of Indian literature?
What extraordinary thing would you do to make your book brilliant?
What are some beautiful​ poems about space?
Why are readers scared to read James joyce?
Why are many business house's literature dull and void of interest?
What is apposition in literature?
What are some Kenning examples used in modern day literature?
What does the word 'gay' mean in the poem Fairy Song by Louisa May Alcott?
How do we invite Balaji Viswanathan for our book launch in Mumbai on 21st May?
How much sense does Parmenides' philosophy have today?
How can I create my poetry blog?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
What are figures of speech in the English Literature?
What are examples of short elegy poems?
What are some unique wedding ceremony readings from Russian literature/poetry?
What characteristics define a dynamic character in literature?
What is proletarian literature?
Who does Stephen King consider the best writer?
Which mobile app is good for English literature students?
What are some suggestions for a master’s thesis on the topic of linguistics in literature?
What are your favourite modern poems about war?
Does poetry translate across culture and context?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
In The Merchant of Venice, Bassanio proves that he loves Portia by choosing the right casket, but later on in the trial scene he says that he can give Portia to the Jew for the sake of Antonio, so did he really love Portia?
What makes good poetry?
Are there any more writers like Lope de Vega who were both great and highly prolific writers?
For how long should I read children literature before moving to a little heavy books?
If you were to write the last line of the last tome of A Song of Ice and Fire, what would it be?
Is the poem "No Coward Soul Is Mine," written by Emily Bronte, considered an elegy?
How long is a verse in a poem?
What are some examples of gayatri, usnik, anustubh, brhati, pankti meters in Sanskrit prose and poetry?
How can I be like Gatsby?
What is the Abyss?
How can I appreciate Shakespeare more?
What is your opinion about spoiler paradox?
What is the personality of George in the book "Of Mice and Men"?
What are the traits that define Gothic literature?
What is the detailed summary of the poem “Jaydrath Vadh,” written by Maithli Saran Gupta?
Why are many famous poets in Kannada literature known as 'Rashtrakavi'?
What are flights of fancy love poems?
What does poetry do for us?
What are the unknown characters’ names in ancient Indian literature?
What is your opinion of Edgar Allen Poe's writing?
What are some good polysyndeton examples in literature?
What is literature in simple words?
What, according to Philip Sidney are the twin functions of poetry?
Do you know of any "major" skunk characters in fairy tales?
Are there any awards out there for translated novels that the author can apply for on his own?
How do I learn poetry?
How can you describe the different types of short story?
What is the simplest answer for why you love English literature?
What is the short story, Dirae, by Peter Beagle, about?
What kind of the transcendental sign does exist in the scarlet letter 'A'?
Who can tell me their favourite poem?
What are some interesting essay topics relating to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet?
Why do fewer people participate in Literary Club ABES-EC events even though they are exciting?
What is written in Kanshi Ram's chamcha age?
What is the best piece of writing (poem, story, song, etc.) you’ve ever done?
What are some poems about a sister-in-law?
Who according to you is the best English writer (In English literature)? How?
How much time is required to gain PHD in English literature?
Does Gauvain from "Ninety-three" by Victor Hugo have his real prototype?
How do the different literary types and forms compare and contrast?
What is modern Indian literature?
[SPOILER] In the book of Murder on the Orient Express (1934), did Countess Adrenyi know of the murder plan?
What's your thought on Nadia Hashimi's books?
What are the greatest books ever written that one shouldn't miss?
What are the main features of tragedy in literature?
What are some examples of anadiplosis in literature?
Which books from Kannada literature are acclaimed on national and international level?
What are the benefits of two literature courses (English literature and Hindi literature) in 12th class?
What are examples of short stories with a dramatic irony?
Is there any novel which can compete with the theme story Revolution 2020?
What would happen if there would be no literature?
How is the literature review and project background together with dicussion related?
What is the meaning of the quote “People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily”?
How can I share poetry on WhatsApp?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
What is the best book ever written in Odia language?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
How do you feel about poetry and why?
What is dramatic irony? How would you explain through various instances from the play 'Much Ado About Nothing'?
What literature on aluminum-air batteries is worth reading?
Is there any significance to the fact that the daughter of the Archon of Tyrosh was fostered at Sunspear with Arianne as a childhood friend?
What are the famous works of literature from various Kannada empires?
Which stories and poem will probably appear in ICSE 2018?
Who is the most influential character in Macbeth (why three reasons)?
What is mock-heroic poem?
Why does Benjamin say in his article "Baudelaire or the Streets of Paris" that "the department store was the flaneur's final coup"?
With honesty, how do you know whether or not you're a good writer?
How do I find a descant on literary criticism essays on the Internet?
Why is Shakespeare referred to as a bid?
How common are stereotypes in literature?
Do Indians love poetry?
What was literature of the modernist like?
What are some examples of interpretive literature?
Can the 50 Shades of Grey series be regarded as literary works?
What purpose do the elements of a prose serve?
Which universities are good for comparative literature in Glasgow, Manchester, and Exeter?
Who were James Joyce's biggest influences?
What is modern Indian poetry? How is it different from poetry before? What are the changing trends with modernism in modern Indian poetry?
Do other countries have their own version of "the Great American novel," like the U.S. does?
Which literary journals print avant-garde short stories?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
Have you ever met some Chinese guys who major in social science or literature in the US?
If you could choose any story by an author for an anime, even the William Shakespeare stories aside from Romeo and Juliet, what would you choose?
What do you think of the use of a male character only as a sex device in movies and literature?
In "Down and Out in Paris and London", why do the "Patrons" have an interrest in keeping the suitcases in the hotel?
What if you have written a poem for your lover and now you can't make her read it because she is not around you anymore? What will you do with that poem?
What is your favorite passage from a Haruki Murakami novel?
How will people react if Chetan Bhagat gets a Nobel Prize for Literature?
Why is The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger considered a classic?
What are some common examples of legends in literature?
Why are stereotypes used in literature?
How would you describe the state of mind, euphoria or God-like trance Dante was in when he wrote?
What is some quality literature about kanban in manufacturing?
When did Sanskrit start entering Kannada literature? How?
How can I easily understand Metamorphosis and other stories by Franz Kafka?
What is an example of repetition in a poem?
How is lexical deviation used in poems?
Which books should I consult for net for my English literature and how should I prepare myself for it?
Is there any excellent resource by which I can learn the history of English literature with full confidence?
What are some examples of poems about photos?
What is the best book (series) ever written? And what is the most influential quote from it?
Which are the best poems by Atal?
What are some examples of literary devices?
Are all of the books that are covered in literature classes beneficial to a child's intellectual growth?
What is the difference between poetry & a sutra?
How can someone who reads the first book of the Griffith Ramayana revert to Hinduism?
Which is the most meaningful poem that you have read till date?
What do you think of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
How do words make us feel?
In which poem should I make a ppt ode to a Grecian urn or porpheriya's lover?
Which characters are metaphorically portrayed as mockingbirds? (I need answers ASAP.)
What are the characteristics of poetry?
What is the theme of the poem? Explain your answer using evidence from the text.
Are there currently any poetry anthologies that don't need any submission fee nor require buying dozens of copies of the book?
What are examples of verbal irony in "Othello"?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
What apps can I use to read quality novels from popular authors?
What Tamil literature work describes the Onam celebration?
Is young adult literature worse than regular literature?
What is a good introduction for the poem 'Kubla Khan' by Samuel Taylor Coleridge?
What are some good French and Turkish children's literature for a beginner in these languages?
Why does Lucentio speak in prose?
How and where can I publish my master's thesis?
Is there any practice that comes from mindfulness for improving the learning and understanding of physics, literature, etc. for studying better?
Which math theorems are about literature, books, letters, words?
What do the following lines of Invictus mean?
Is there a book that talks about the general process a religion is created?
Why is the book "To kill a Mockingbird" so popular?
What are some really great novels written in English few people know about?
What are some examples of famous Gothic poetry?
What are your thoughts on The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What are some examples of melodrama in literature?
How does a poem lover download poems for free?
What is the interpretation of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
How can I become better than William Shakespeare and Premchand?
Do Shakespeare's plays offer insights into the everyday British life?
What are the steps to find Srijato's much talked about poem?
What are works of literature similar to House Of Cards?
What is the best description of sex in literature ever?
How can someone give words to their deepest thoughts in English like novel writers do?
For those of us who cannot write an essay by ourselves, is it dangerous to take MA English literature as a course and become a teacher later on?
How has ancient mythology influenced literature today?
What makes The Scarlet Letter a good book?
How can you describe the different literary periods?
Can we opt literature courses after 3 yrs of BBA?
Did Charles Dickens have any contemporaries, writing in other languages about other great cities and with similar themes?
Why is love said to be bourgeois?
How will it be, if I go for literature or philosophy after BTech?
Will the content we write on Quora, today, become works of great literature, five hundred years from now?
Can you help me with regard to theory, literature, or articles on “nudging” in an internal corporate setting?
Which are the simplest poems written in English which are easy to understand?
What makes literature great, and special from other mediums?
What is your favorite poem that defines you?
How do I maintain books/a home library to be fresh and dust free?
Which books should I compare for my English literature A level coursework?
"Loneliness burns in towers of fire around us" by Christopher Poindexter.What does the quote mean?
What is the explanation of the last two lines of the poem Grandfather by Oliver Shelley?
Who wrote the book “125 Utopias and Why They Failed,” and when was it written?
What type of poem is 'Then and Now' by Kath Walker?
What does "Thinking brings forth only thought, but feeling is with living fraught" mean?
Can somebody give me an analysis of the short story ‘The Nightingale and the Rose’ by Oscar Wilde?
Which Shakespeare play do you consider the best and why?
What is the formalist approach to the study of literature?
What would happen if you combined the stories of Huckleberry Finn, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and A Christmas Carol?
What is the best literature class at Penn?
How has psychological research and literature helped us to understand the importance of the prenatal stage of development?
Does translated literature belong to its source language literature, to the target language literature, or neither?
What is the best book/poem to be studied for literature?
What kind of themes/songs does Armin Van Buuren usually write about?
How can I identify sarcasm and irony in literature or in any context?
What justification does Judge Holden give for killing the Kid at the end of Blood Meridian?
What are the different kinds of literature?
What are the best websites for Telugu poetry?
What is the poem written by Hannah that Ryan publishes in 13 Reasons Why?
Which are the poems and prose lessons on the ICSE English literature syllabus for 2018-2019?
How do sites like shmoop.com, Cliffs Notes, SparkNotes and others analyse books so deeply?
Are classical writers such as Dickens and Shakespeare better than all writers today, and if so, why are writers becoming worse with time?
What is a good example of imagery in literature?
How do you explain all the Italian influence in Shakespeare's plays?
Would anyone suggest some poetry books?
Which are best literature of the modern era?
Which version of the Bible would offer me the best literary experience?
What is a full description of Robinson Crusoe?
I write short stories in my spare time. What can I do with these stories so it doesn't go to waste?
Which is a better book to read, 1984 by James Orwell or Brave New World by Aldous Huxley?
How can one write a literature review for a thesis in a much shorter time?
How many books are found in the wisdom literature?
What can be asked in English literature in an engineering college placement drive?
What are some examples of literary devices in "Perfume" by Patrick Süskind?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
Which type of literature should a beginning author be trying to produce?
How is children's literature related to literacy as a social practice?
What is thematic analysis in literature?
How does literature create change in the world?
What are the most effective and fastest ways to write a literature review in economics?
Would opting for English literature in the main examination be the right choice?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What do you mean by passages?
What is a critical analysis on the poem "Statement of Being" by Ezra Pound?
What is apposition in literature?
Which poem will impress a girl?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What's your reading strategy?
What is the format of a critical appreciation of a poem?
How can I download a PDF copy of “The Making of a Poem: Norton Anthology of Poetic Forms”?
Have you ever read Classical Chinese poetry in translation? How do you feel about it?
Why is Henry Louis Vivian Derozio referred to as the "father of Indian poetry"?
What was your experience meeting Arthur Miller?
What are books that were written before the Internet?
What is an analysis of postmodernism in literature?
What's the full poem of cross my heart hope to die?
What are some great classical novels that teach Non-Violence?
How does an author feel when they know that there are the makings of a book in their head?
Which is the most important part of speech, e.g. the noun, verb, adverb, adjective, or preposition, etc.?
What are the qualities of the poem "Rashmirathi"?
What makes a great question?
What are some of the greatest works in English literature?
Does poetry translate across culture and context?
Will web fiction ever win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is Witness Literature about?
How did you prepare for ISC English Literature?
I enjoy poetry by Wallace Stevens and Edwin Arlington Robinson. Do you have further recommendations (including modern poetry)?
How can MAT be used to present poems to a publisher?
Which books have been written by Rajiv Dixitji?
Which poem surprised you?
What is the most efficient way to write a literature review in economics?
Has everything been written? Is today's era the most difficult one for creative thinkers and artists?
'most new businesses fail because their owners do not look far enough beyond their dreams.' - does this have a literal or figurative meaning? Why?
What are some ways to understand William Shakespeare?
Who are the most interesting English language poets of the 20th century?
What are some classic works of literature?
How can I write a good review of literature for a dissertation?
What is the role of Literature in the humanities?
Which courses can be pursued after a Master’s degree in English literature?
What are the fees for doing a PhD in English literature?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
Can you identify the author of a poem entitled “Secluded Sadness”? It looks to be a Beat work.
Where can I find a summary of the poem Bhikshuk by Suryakant Tripathi?
Why did Bob Dylan choose such an auspicious day as April Fool's Day to collect his Nobel Prize cash? Who is the fool in this picture?
What is the short story, Dirae, by Peter Beagle, about?
How can I use the Colonial Discourse in Heart of Darkness?
What are some interesting essay topics relating to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet?
How much time is required to gain PHD in English literature?
Why do fewer people participate in Literary Club ABES-EC events even though they are exciting?
How did literature change during the Great Depression?
How do the different literary types and forms compare and contrast?
What are the greatest books ever written that one shouldn't miss?
If I am good at English language and literature then which career should I choose?
Does Shakespeare ever mention the Americas?
What are some best plays ever written?
Suggest me some current research topics in English literature as I am going to do Ph.D next and on what area should I focus on?
Where did Shakespeare get his ideas about literature?
What is the history of the North American Literature?
What are the best topics to research in Indian English literature?
How would you feel if someone stole your literary work and published it, but it was well received by the public?
What is the in-between role of Gail Hightower in Light in August? What purpose does it serve in the growth of the novel?
What interesting explanation can I give to my teacher of English literature for being absent on all of his lectures?
How do internal and external conflicts in literature differ?
What are the most important technical characteristics of the writings of Jane Austen?
Is reading Romeo and Juliet better than Sherlock Homes?
Which unpopular works by Shakespeare do you believe deserve more acclaim and why?
What are some of the best one-line poems you have heard or written?
What literature can you advise for the topic of "Interactive (Visual Learning) Analytics Dashboards"?
What are some famous or well-acclaimed books written in second person?
What type of poem is 'Green Mountain' by Lin Po?
What are the career options after doing Masters in English literature?
What is essential for a good poem?
What does the poem Prodigal by Linda Gregerson mean?
What are the literature reviews on the topics of educated mothers and the educational status of their child?
What are some examples of poems with sound devices?
What are some suggested English project topics for literature for bachelor's degree program?
What is the most essential characteristic that distinguishes beautifully written prose and free-verse poetry?
What were the contributions of Rashtrakuta period towards Marathi/Prakrit Literature?
What activities are creative to perform in a literature club?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
Why are Loren Eiseley's writings ignored?
What are some rare and brilliant classic books?
What are the best meaningful old Kannada poems?
What words should I know for the AP Literature exam?
Did Dante Alighieri made up the depiction of hell he described in his Divine Comedy?
How do I get AO2 marks on my English Literature A-Level Exam (AQA)?
What do you think about Goethe's poems?
How do writers interweave symbols in their stories?
What should a person do after doing Masters in English Literature?
What's the best introduction to get an audience's attention before reciting a poem?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
What is sentimentality in poetry?
What are some major elements of Native American literature?
If I post excerpts of poetry online (1 or 2 sentences of each poem) will those poems be considered published? What about a video of the full poem?
What are some good examples of colloquialism in literature?
What is the feminist approach to the study of literature?
Which literary journals print avant-garde short stories?
What makes a book world literature?
Have you ever met some Chinese guys who major in social science or literature in the US?
What are some poems/films/short stories that explore the concept of change?
What are some literary allusions to Kierkegaard in the works of John Updike?
To whom is Sonnet 18 addressed?
Why did Quora Moderation mark this question as "may need editing" when it does not require editing?
What is the analysis of the poem "One More Round" by Maya Angelou?
Which is the best Android app or website to read English poetry or poems daily?
How do I critically analyse a poem?
In "Down and Out in Paris and London", why do the "Patrons" have an interrest in keeping the suitcases in the hotel?
In your opinion, was the short story "The Bear," by William Faulkner, the greatest short story in American literature?
What was the best piece of poetry you ever wrote?
Is there any interdisciplinary journal on science and literature?
Why does Sanjay Leela Bhansali take plots from literature?
Why did Kate dress like a barmaid in order to know the real character of Charles Marlow in the novel, She Stoops to Conquer?
How can a theme be treated in literature?
Why is the book entitled "The Darkest Path" not more controversial?
What are some tips to write an analysis about the poem "A Madrigal" by William Shakespeare?
What are some good antonyms for suppression and/or oppression?
How do people celebrate International Dylan Thomas Day?
How do I write a literature review about housing price and social status indicator?
Should there be more focus on the production and consumption of literature than there currently is? And what isn't literature in your opinion?
Have you ever read Classical Chinese poetry in English and what Chinese traditional culture did you learn from the poetry?
Why is Shakespeare the greatest writer ever in history?
Is there any instance of the same sentence occurring independently in two unrelated works of literature?
Why do Western young adult novels feature romance so often?
What, in one to two sentences if possible, is Shakespeare’s Sonnet 94 about?
What are some of the best American novels from before the 1920s?
Why was deception a common literary theme in the Elizabethan era, especially in Shakespeare's works?
What are some examples of people who were into poetry, writing and literature and simultaneously had successful, completely different careers?
What is meant by “rime” in the poem the Rime of the Ancient Mariner?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
What is the best book you have read this year?
How long would it take a speed reader to read every book ever written?
What is the name for major stopping points between chapters?
What are the themes of 'A Fine Balance' by Rohinton Mistry?
How was the ISC English literature paper?
What are the most important features of a sonnet?
What is an example of comic relief in Act 2, Scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
How and why does popular literature make people stupid?
How do I identify different figures of speech in literature?
How is imagery of light used in a poem?
What are some best tragic love story books ever written in English?
What is a scene in the novel which you consider especially noteworthy, and how did the author present it effectively?
Where can I find Mizuno Genzo's poem collection in English?
Is anyone willing to share their own original unpublished poem(s)?
What can you do with an English literature or modern languages degree?
What does Shayak Chakraborty think about pursuing an LLB at 25 years of age, given that the candidate is a post-graduate in English literature?
What is esoteric symbolism in literature?
Why is that if one has not studied Shakespeare, his literary education is seen as incomplete?
Where can I find notes on Muriel Rukeyser's The Poem as Mask?
Which chapters are most likely to come up in English literature on the ICSE 2018 boards?
What is a good example of a poem about sportsmanship?
Is it easy to publish a systematic literature review (SLR), if it is missing from a field?
What are some best tragic love story books written in English?
What's the difference between generic conventions and language elements in poetry?
What is the best written patent you've ever read and why?
In Pride and Prejudice, what are the arguments for and against marriage, in Charlotte Lucas' eyes?
Does nobody think it wrong that Bob Dylan gets a Nobel Prize in Literature while James Joyce doesn’t?
What is the influence of Charles Dickens?
What does this poem mean?
How many books did Rick Riordan write?
Was "The Old Man and the Sea," a novella by Ernest Hemingway, merely an attack on literary critics?
How can I become a literature/creative writing lecturer? I am an engineering graduate but I love literature.
Which Indian writers are similar to Haruki Murakami?
What is mean prose?
What are the best love confessions in literature?
Where can I talk with anyone from Zakir Husain Delhi College who is studying a master’s in Literature?
Did Shakespeare distribute play parts to actors that were only their lines and prompts, to prevent anyone having a full copy of the play/theft of it?
Have you ever written a poem about hugs?
What are the best contemporary Pakistani English novels?
Why could I have a good understanding of emotions of the figures in literature while cannot read precisely what my friends genuinely think in reality?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
How should we define the following item: Romanticism (in American literature)?
What are your favorite poems ever?
Which is the best literature in Arabic?
How can I get literary criticism about Hansel and Gretel?
How is English Renaissance literature characterized?
Should names be translated too, instead of transliterated?
What are the most important books of the Bible to read from the perspective of a Christian and a non-Christian?
How relevant was Shakespeare in his time?
What are the major themes of post colonial literature?
In Elizabeth Bennet's pov, what are the pros and cons of marriage (pride and prejudice)?
What makes poetry beautiful?
My literature professor said that every novel writer hopes that his characters will be accepted . What did she mean?
What are the best books about the qualitative and literary side of probability?
What distinguishes poetry with religious meaning from liturgy?
Why is chapter 24 important in To Kill a Mockingbird?
What are some good examples of world literature?
What did you do after completing an MA/PhD in English literature?
How difficult is poetry?
What is the best reason the author refers to King Arthur in the passage? Which sentence from the passage is an example of an allusion?
How do we notice our thoughts?
What are the classic works of each (ancient or medieval) culture's literature?
Can I pursue a BA (Literature) and BMS simultaneously?
What are some examples of direct and indirect characterization in literature?
Can you get out of this cube alive?
What is an example of a piece of text (book excerpt, song lyric, quote, poem, etc.), that relates to a piece of artwork?
What are some best suspense short stories?
What is your favorite subject, math, language arts, science, history, or reading/literature? This is for my math class, so please leave your name.
What would the answer be if I were to ask what did you learn from your literature degree?
What makes a story important?
What are some examples of poems with five stanzas?
Do authors read books?
What is Pandora's Box about? What is the Moral? What is the Climax?
How many classic books are there?
Is there a widely-acclaimed book that you have read and absolutely hated?
What if my research does not have related literature?
Would "The City in the Sea" by Edgar Allan Poe be classified as a ballad, narrative, lyric, elegy, or free verse poem?
What questions would you have for Franz Kafka?
What are some of the characteristics found in restoration literature?
What does alliteration do in a poem?
What are some good books that give you a feeling of being chased?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Winter" by Shakespeare?
What are some examples of thematic subjects in literature?
What is the best literature for managing a multinational on all relevant aspects?
What are some books written about The Stranger by Albert Camus (an analysis of the novel would be great)?
What are the leading intellectual magazines of your country?
Do our entrenched genders find expression when some people say that Bengali or English literature is studied by "sissies"?
What are the charactristics of soul?
Will a literary agent help me find an illustrator too?
What are some examples of metaphorical allusions in literature?
What is the most plays ever written by one person?
Is there a reference book that tracks down all of the innovations that happened in the literary arts?
How do I post my poem on Kavita’s Blog? I'm hitting the submit post button, but I am unable to see my poem.
What's the best novel you ever read of an Indian author?
Where should I start with Robert Walser?
What are some legit poetry contests in the US?
What is a good example of iamb in poetry?
Which are the heart-touching poems of poets at the Kavita-Hindi Poetry Blog that you would like to nominate for an upcoming poetry book by Poignant Painter?
Which SF and fantasy books have the most detailed and evocative descriptions of geography?
How were the five elements of literature established?
What literary devices are used in “Four Summers” by Joyce Carol Oates?
Is there any career for literature students except teaching?
Any good Hindi short story or novel about political execution or something like that?
What are some literature on the Vedantic hermeneutics circle in Hinduism?
What is the relation between language and literature?
Which books or pieces of literature are not protected by copyright for making audiobooks for selling? Is it different between countries?
Would you like to read a debut novel by an Indian author?
What are some examples of puns in Act 2, Scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
How should I prepare for KVS and NVS exam in English literature?
What are the literary devices used by Lois Tyson in The Great Gatsby?
Who/what are some poets and/or poems that addressed the persistence of memory and nostalgia?
Is it possible for a finance undergraduate (Indian student) to do a master's degree in English literature in Canada?
Do you believe rap is a form of poetry?
What are some examples of puns in chapter 1 of The Great Gatsby?
What are the 6 novels written by Indian authors which you would call “the best”?
What book has your favourite literary friendship?
Is Macbeth set in 11th century?
How did the scene in A Storm of Swords where Dany masturbates in her cabin and is finished off by Irri in any way add to the story or her character?
What are the most beautiful two-liners that you have ever read?
Which chapters are most likely to come in ICSE English Literature 2018?
What is an example of an anachronism in act 2 scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
What are some examples of antithesis in literature?
Who is the best contemporary author with a great "writers tool box"?
How can I make a poem about sportsmanship?
Is there such a thing as "bad" literature?
How do I prepare for a Pondicherry University M.A. (English and comparative literature)?
What are some of the greatest examples of inspiring self-discipline in literature and biography?
Do you have any advice for someone who has decided to major in trauma studies in literature?
What literary devices make poetry beautiful?
What is meant by Dalit literature?
Is it true that in Amsterdam, if no one will come to your funeral, a poet will make a poem for you? If so, can you provide some of these poems?
Did Romeo and Juliet marry each other?
Can you help me with a literary analysis of any John Keats poem?
How do I make money with my poetry/lyrics?
What is meant by identity crises in postcolonial literature, and how can I identify characters facing it?
How does the trip to the black church affect Jem and Scout in To Kill a Mockingbird?
How do I write a literature survey about cybersecurity injection attacks?
Can you read?
What are the best books written by young writers (before 25 years)?
What have been the most artistically significant novels of the last 20 years?
Is there any literature on possible common features in the lives of terrorists, if any?
What is cultural studies, and in which way is it connected with literature?
What is the longest sentence you have ever encountered?
How is literature from the Renaissance different from the writing styles of the past?
As a non-Chinese, when it comes to Chinese novel, what would it be?
What is relation between literature and literacy?
What are some examples of analogy in Chapter 1 of The Great Gatsby?
At what age do you think does one have the best understanding or appreciation of poetry?
What are some classic literature novels I can read during the school holidays?
What are some examples of parallel structure poetry?
What other movies cleverly blend history with literature like Shakespeare in Love?
What are your thoughts on the book "To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee?
What is the importance of the five elements of literature?
How could Littlefinger sustain himself to play the game with such delight even after his dreams were shattered?
Is literature a difficult subject?
What are some tales, fables or novels where craftsmanship or tradesmanship is praised?
What is the longest play ever written?
Is English literature a difficult subject?
What are some good and free literary magazine?
Why are parodies so common in literature?
How many books has the average author read?
How can I get into writing in India?
What is the most emotional short story by Amit Dey
Could a dream with lots of nuance and symbolism be the idea for a story/book? It is Stephen King/AHS and political in genre.
Is there some hidden, deep meaning to the short story entitled "Pop Art," written by Joe Hill?
Which books would you love to see adapted into a movie or tv series?
How much influence does Bengali literature have over Indian literature?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
Where can I find someone to help me to translate my Hindi writings such as micro literature, short poems and quotations, etc., into emotive English?
How do I get a PhD in English literature after studying for an MSc?
What are some examples of alliterations used in poetry?
What are some short suspense stories?
Should there be a literary movement that tries to make storytelling about more than just meaningful conflict?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What are some poems you like the most?
What are common positive themes found in apocalyptic literature?
What are the career options in literature?
What are some literary conventions for online game guides?
How do I contact literary agents?
Why did Orwell write Animal Farm, instead of just telling us what he thought about revolutions?
What happened at the end of the book The Alchemist?
What is non-narrative poetry composed of?
What are the best cute short goodnight poems?
Which course in MBA is suitable for an English literature student?
World poetry day: Which poems are unforgettable to you?
What are examples of AI/ML systems that recognize great art (music, writing, photography, painting, etc…)?
What is the most emotional short stories in English?
Do we need to put children in language and literature institutions to score above 92?
Which literature course to go for in United States?
What is the meaning of a tragic hero in literature?
Have you run rampant into an almost-climactic suite yelling "Radio belly! Cat shovel!"?
Why most of our language proficiency degrades?
What does “feet in the earth” in the poem mean?
Which is the best classic book that I should read first?
I am a fashion graduate .can I do a PG in literature?
What is the importance of tone and theme in poetry?
How doesth thou talk like Shakespeare?
What are some novels whose story is like a labyrinth?
What is the unique value of poetry relative to other types of writing?
At what stage when learning Russian should one attempt to read Tolstoy?
Who wrote the poem 'Harsh Advice'?
What is the importance of tragic heroes found in literature?
Can we write sub headings in the ISC English literature answers?
What is the Drover’s Wife answer for ISC English literature 2017?
What is good literature for learning calligraphy?
What novels have shaped you the most?
How many sides should each answer be in the ISC English literature exam?
Is the federalist papers number 30 a classical piece of literature?
What are the best short stories book to read which is available free on internet?
What type of poem is Edgar Allan Poe's "The City in the Sea"?
Who is your favorite literary character from the book OHYOS by GGM?
Is their an English translation of the complete ancient Japanese poetry anthology Manyoshu (all 4,500 poems)?
What piece of poetry do you find to have the most depth or to carry a feeling?
Who is the author of Jane Eyre?
How can I give the girl I like a love poem?
What are some good examples of syllable poems?
Which is currently your favorite book by any Indian author?
Did you keep up with the assigned readings when you were an English Lit student?
I am an English literature student and how can I pursue my automobile designing career is there any eligible course for that?
What is an example of a concrete poem?
What's a good name for a poem about the past of runaway slaves?
Which character in Dead Poets Society is most like Holden Caulfield?
What literary agents do you suggest novice writers in India?
What are the literature discussion strategies?
Which of Shakespeare's sonnets do you like best and why?
Has anyone taken the course, The Bible as Literature? Was it easy or hard?
How do I get a poem taken down/off of Poetry.com?
What if we're interpreting Shakespeare the wrong way?
Is there a website that shows amazing descriptive passages from English literature?
Is there any author close to the reputation of William Shakespeare in current generation?
Can I do my master’s in English Literature abroad with a bachelor's degree from an Indian university?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
What was the conclusion of the short story Lost Jewels by Rabindranath Tagore
What is your review of novel “Hard Times“ by Charles Dickens?
Could an argument be made that Iago does what he does for the well-being of Venice?
Do English-speaking Catholics even recognize good literature of the KJV?
Which part of the eye is known as the window of the world?
Where can I get the answers for the 2017 ISC English literature paper about The Drover’s Wife?
What are recent trends in Kannada literature?
What are some of the most important pieces of literature in human history?
In Romeo and Juliet, who is to blame for Mercutio's death and why?
What's the meaning of this part from "Fei Du" by Jia Pingwa?
Should I attempt extra questions on the ISC English literature paper?
What are the English literature magazines available in India for school kids?
What is the legal status of poetry in China? Must it be written in simplified characters to be published?
Is it odd to do a thesis on French novel (translated in English) for a student of English literature?
What is trying to kill Nigerian literature?
What are the important questions from Arms and the Man for the ISC 2017 in English literature?
What happens if I don’t cancel the half question written on the English literature exam on the ISC?
If you love the English language and literature, should you go for a PhD in Literature or would a PhD in Linguistics be better (already have a Master’s in English)?
What literary elements should be studied in Arms and The Man? Would they repeat any stories & essays in ISC Literature?
Is reading the summary of a text enough for a literature student like me?
Is English Literature a good major to study?
Are there any recordings of George Orwell's voice?
How can I regain the love for literature?
What are the features of a ballad poem?
Why should I study Core English Literature?
Are the characters, characteristics, and features in literature one and the same thing?
What is a beautiful poem about a cherry blossom tree for my mum (68)? I am not good at poetry.
What is the importance of verbal irony in "Macbeth"?
What are the probable chapters and poems for ISC 2017 English Literature?
What is your favourite classic literature book and why?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
What is a Hindi song or poem which has "message" as a theme?
What is Bhagvad Gita for you?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
Do we interpret poems and literature too much? Is it good to do so?
What is the difference between imperialism and colonialism in English literature?
What are some ideas for my English assignment (a 500-700 word short story)?
Who said “Only four people read poetry in Australia.”, or something to that effect?
What are some inductive reasoning examples in literature?
What is the best advertorial you've ever read?
Is it necessary to attempt a question from the novel in Section B of the ISC English literature exam?
What are the epic hero characteristics of Beowulf?
How much are books from the 1800's worth now?
What is the symbolism of a forest in literature?
Why does Dawkins insist that the Bible is of literary merit when he knows perfectly well that it is not?
What is the best language to express human feelings and emotions?
If you had to do it over again, how would you go about discovering English poetry?
Which translations of different classics should be read?
What are some examples of verbal irony in "Macbeth"?
How do you get into the University of Manchester’s English literature and creative writing BA program? Also, what are the SAT and IELTS requirements?
What is the main function of narrative structures?
How rare is an original 1900 copy of "Lucky Ten Bar of Paradise Valley'' by C.M. Stevens?
Why is the setting Athens in Chaucer's "The Knight's Tale"?
What piece of classical literature contains halcyon as an allusion?
Is Goethe considered a German "Shakespeare"?
Why is Romeo and Juliet your favorite?
What are some examples of literature where geography is important?
Which poems and stories are important for ISC lit 2017?
Does Vince Gilligan deserve a literature Nobel prize for Breaking Bad?
What is the definition of a dramatic poem?
How do you find the theme of a poem?
Which is the best copy/publication that I should buy for an extensive study of "The complete works of William Shakespeare"?
What is the meaning of following poetry?
How can a single metaphor can give birth to love?
What are some good works of literature about people choosing their obligations to society over their deepest desires?
Which stories and poems are most probable to come in ISC 2017english literature examination?
Which are the most important chapters for ISC XII English Literature?
What is literature review, abstract, conclusion and future of scope of air bearing?
What is a good analysis of the poem "The Eagle" by Alfred Lord Tennyson?
Can we say an event foreshadows another if the author has already explicitly stated that the latter event would happen?
How is the Rashtrakuta Dynasty different from other dynasties in terms of art, culture, literature, administration and finance?
What are some examples of oration in literature?
Which books are required reading for the JELET?
How do I change my field from engineering to literature?
What is that one quote that keeps you up at night?
What is the best PhD program for English Literature in Canada?
What is the best philosophical novel?
Why do you read English literature?
What courses can I pursue after class 12? I am good at literature and I often write poems as well.
What type of literature is used in Japanese anime?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
What is literary heritage?
Why is the "founder of anarchism," William Godwin, not more widely known and studied?
How does the play Macbeth engage the audience with a central character who is a murderer?
What are some overlooked pieces of classical literature?
Which one of these two books gives a more accurate portrayal of Iran: Reading Lolita in Tehran or Jasmine and Stars?
Why is Jose Arcadio Buendia your favourite literary character?
How does one know if one’s novel synopsis is good?
Are there any iconic works of literary criticism in the last thirty years?
As of March 2017, what genre of fictional literature is currently in high demand and low supply?
How Bhavageetegalu are different from other forms of poetry in Kannada?
What jobs are offered if you graduate with an English Literature degree?
What are examples of caricature in the book Animal Farm by George Orwell?
Which works of literature would be held in higher esteem today if history had taken a drastically different course?
What is different between literature and the Bible?
What should a person do for literature?
What do you think of "The Road"?
What are the features of an epic poem?
What is the best advertorial you've ever read? Why?
How can I get a short poem on rain in English?
How are the five elements of literature used?
How is life depicted in literature?
How do I publish a collection of poetry in an easy and cheap way such that it also gets read by everyone?
Who is the reigning literary critic in the US right now?
To what extent do classical receptions reflect the literary, artistic and/or socio-political concerns of the modern day era?
What qualities does classic literature share with other genres?
Which course is better in MBA for an English literature student?
How many marks will be cut in English Literature 2017 if I wrote Philippa instead of Phillippa?
What are must-read books (novels, essays, plays and any genre) for an English literature student?
I'm trying to help my Chinese friend with her article, but I'm having some difficulties, could someone help?
What is the literary device in “Little fat books stood up by themselves.”?
If Shakespeare could invent words, why wouldn't I be able to?
What is the oldest indian text/literature?
What subtitle would you give to a club called ‘Toska’ in your language?
What are the prospects for an English Literature student from India to get into a good PhD program in the United States in 2018?
How is the metrical pattern of a poem determine?
What is file sharing history and literature review?
What is the scope of an M.Phil in English Literature?
Are there real/trusted websites to write a literature review for an Msc thesis proposal or the Msc thesis proposal itself?
Has anyone ever written poetry for you?
What is the genre of literature that has a dialogue between one’s conscious and subconscious mind?
Is Animal Farm a novel?
What was Norman Mailer talking about in The White Negro?
Was the paper of English literature of 2017 easy?
What are some famous poems by Habib Jalib?
What are the reasons why literature is important?
What great/classic writers other than Shakespeare and Dickens are still relevant and enjoyable for mainstream modern readers?
What mistakes do neurotypical authors make when writing autistic characters?
What was the relationship between Shakespeare and the Dark Lady?
Why is Ma'a Nonu considered to be a great centre player?
What are some characteristics of plot structures in modern literature?
What chances do I have of getting a job in the Netherlands or Germany with a BA in English literature and culture?
What are some entrance exams for the interest of English and literature?
Would you consider Shakespeare great? Why?
What are the less heard of literary genres?
What work would you argue has the strongest claim to the title of the great American novel?
Of William Shakespeare's contemporaries who was the greatest? Ben Jonson or Christopher Marlowe.
How does Chaucer use satire in some of his poems?
What are the characteristics of a metrical pattern in poetry?
What is the difference between an active voice and a passive voice in a story?
What was the main theme of "The Diary of a Young Girl"?
What's the best way to learn Shakespeare as a teen?
What is the procedure for the coinage of a poetic or literary device?
What is the difference between a Romance and a novel?
What are some examples of emotional appeal in literature?
What is the role of the antagonist in literature?
How does literary criticism affect the whole body of literature?
Are there any journals or literary publications in India for students of English Literature?
What did Adam mean when he said "Timshel" on the last page of East of Eden?
Would the Bible have been written differently after the first discoveries of Charles Darwin or after the theories of the creation of the universe?
Is there a way for a person that has recently taken reading as a hobby to understand Edgar Allan Poe's stories/writing?
What are the best books or novels written by Rabindranath Tagore?
What is the purpose of an active voice in stories?
How old is Don Quixote?
Who is “Average Joe” in the poem “Short-Order Cook” by Jim Daniels?
How did your ICSE English Paper 2 Literature go?
How much can you make on a first poetry book?
What's the difference between a review and a critical review in scientific journals?
Who would you nominate as the greatest of all novelist Charles Dickens, Leo Tolstoy or another? And what would your argument and reasoning be for your nominee?
What AI-based tools are available for science research and literature reviews?
In Othello by Shakespeare, what themes are developed in Act I? How? And how do they inter-relate?
What literature is there about complexes of sons not meeting their father's achievement and status expectations and falling into lower social classes?
How many times is the word blood used in Macbeth?
Should I memorize poems for the ICSE English literature exam?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
How do you analyze the Night’s Watch oath from a literary perspective?
What literary works are essential and taught in primary school?
What are some examples of comic foils in literature?
How would you explain each quatrain of Sonnet 25 by Shakespeare?
How did the knowledge from antiquity (literature and science) survive to reach the modern age?
What is necessary for a graduate degree in English literature?
How do family dynamics change in Death of a Salesmen in comparison to Willy's flashbacks and the present?
How can I prepare to be a teacher of language arts?
Is Gatsby aware of Wilson killing him?
What is Orwell's List?
How was your ICSE literature exam?
What are some situations/arguments of fate bringing together Romeo and Juliet to meet in Act 1?
Did anybody in Swift's time take "A Modest Proposal" seriously? Was anybody offended or outraged?
What should I choose English literature or political science as my optional?
What is the difference between theoretical Framework and Review of Related Literature?
If one were to choose the better playwright of the English drama, would it be Shakespeare or his great successor Ben Jonson? ?Who would it be?
What are some good circular reasoning examples in literature?
What are the probable essay questions for English literature from Arms and the Man, stories, and poems for the ISC 2017?
What are the main points of Stefan Zweig's "The Royal Game"?
What is the best Sci-Fi first contact book you have read?
Why is Edgar Allan Poe important to literature?
What is the poem "The Mother" about?
What literature can you recommend on company strategy and HR?
What are some examples of visual imagery in literature?
In Gujarati literature, who is the author of “Hu Bawa ane Bhagwandas”?
What are some great overlooked foreign literature that have great context and story?
Which writer's novels do you recommend for the youth?
Is there a way to transition from 3rd to 1st person?
How do plot structures in modern literature differ from those in classic literature?
Can you share some of your own written poems?
What is the difference between Romantic and Victorian literature?
What should I go for, an M.Phil. in English Literature or a Ph.D. in English Literature, and what are the differences between both of them?
Why is the poem called a fable?
Could this Charles Dickens line from Oliver Twist have inspired the creation of Mark Twain's "Tom Sawyer"?
Why do we need to study literature?
What's Marie Ponsot's best poem?
What's the general perception of Shakespeare and his works amongst teens?
What are some examples of ergodic literature?
What is foregrounding? What are the devices used to foreground poetry? What are examples that are different from those in the units?
The American dream changes the lives of the characters in the novel “Of Mice and Men” into tragedy. How and why?
Who perfected the literary term, 'Heroic Couplet' by Dryden/Pope?
What is the name of the theater that has a dialogue between one person and his mind? Something like schizophrenia.
Which are similar books have been written by "Shiv Khera"?
Which Jewish Laureate focused on the settlement topic in his work prior to the first immigration wave?
What is taking a world literature class like?
What was the fate of Canada in 1898? Why was there a development of patriotic literature at that time?
What are some examples of metaphysical conceit in poetry?
What is a full analysis of the poem El Greco: Espolio?
Is Harry Potter the work of literature that defines the Millennial generation?
What's the greatest line in literature?
Who are the best literary critics?
If Tomas Tranströmer represents a certain type of Swedish naturalist psychological poet, who among Scandinavian literary figures is his counterpart?
Why don't I find literature that I like to read?
Is the euphoria or insight gained by finishing a great book a real indication of personal growth, or is it only a temporary illusion?
What is an example of cacophony in poetry?
"Our distended nostrils inhaled the poverty with sadistic intensity." What English literary techniques are used in this quote?
Is it possible that George Orwell was assasinated?
How can the stages of plot development be described?
What is your favorite screen version of Shakespeare's play "Richard III"?
How was "to kill a mockingbird" received in the American north?
What are some examples of literary realism?
What are the best MOOC's for English Literature?
What was the role of the queen in making the writings of Shakespeare popular?
Is there any other English translation for the Amharic novel Seed and other short stories (አምስት ስድስት ሰባት) / by Sebhat Gebre Egziabher?
How well does Romeo and Juliet fit a tragedy criteria?
What defines the writing style of famous English authors like Hemingway, Tolstoy, Chekhov, etc.?
What are some examples of diction and syntax in literature?
How do I find my interest in English literature? I am confused between history and English literature.
What are some scientific, historical, mathematical, or literary facts you learned today?
Why do we love dystopian literature and movies?
What is the historical significance of ancient Philippine literature?
What are some characteristics of Romantic and Victorian literature?
How should Shakespeare's major works be ranked?
How are the different types of irony applied in literature?
Which Quorans have written books?
Are TV shows and movies considered literature?
What is smash poetry?
What kind of work can I choose to do when majoring in English language and literature?
Which technical subjects would you suggest for an English Literature student (PG)?
Why is Holden Caulfield often inconsistent with his words?
What chapters and poems are expected to come in ICSE English literature 2017?
Why did Shakespeare include references to racial discrimination in his play "The Merchant of Venice"?
Has literature ever taught you a life lesson?
When Tywin made his deal with Roose, did he know his lieutenant took Jaime's hand?
In literary criticism, we use different theories developed by Freud, Beauvoir, and Marx. What theories do you apply?
How do you feel about beat poetry?
Is John Updike's short story A&P public domain?
What is the marking scheme of the poetry of the Psalm of Life in English literature for 2017?
How did Romantic and Victorian literature originate?
What are some examples of ballad poems?
Could Werther have overcome his issues through self-discipline?
Which app will help me for getting an excellent research topics on English literature?
What is the setting of a book?
How was “To Kill a Mockingbird” received in the American south?
What are some good examples of personification poems about summer?
Which is the best English poem you have ever read?
What was the moral of the story in "The Great Gatsby"?
Is the title appropriate in the poem “Bangle Sellers”?
Is characterization through internal monologue bad?
What are the most imaginative books ever written?
“A poetry should focus more on showing than telling.” What does this mean?
Which is the best book for ICSE 10 English literature?
What are some literary intricacies I can use to transition a protagonist to antagonist?
Why does the Wikipedia page about "Maricha" say that Agastya burnt Sunda?
What are the guesses for poems and stories this year in the ISC English literature 2017?
Is there any need to learn poems for English literature?
What did Wodehouse actually mean by writing this about Jeeves: “The man’s a genius. From the collar upward he stands alone.”? What's with the collar?
What is the idea behind the whipping poem?
What is the relationship between criticism and literature?
Is there any benefit of making an overattempt in ICSE 10th English literature paper?
Which subjects can I study in BA along with English literature?
Which Bangladeshi literature is more popular in Kolkata?
Which things are important in the master’s in English syllabus under the topic of the history of English literature?
What is the summary of “dulce et decorum est”?
How many sentences should I write for a 3 mark literature answer in ICSE?
What are the character traits for Mrs. Scatcherd in the novel Jane Eyre?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Nigeria?
Which statement best summarizes the character of Miss Scatcherd in Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë?
Do I read Paulo Coelho books in a sequential order or haphazardly?
What is acmeism in literature?
Which Shakespeare play is easiest to understand?
Is Victorian literature still relevant?
Why do people still recommend reading Dostoevsky's The Idiot?
What is foregrounding? What are the devices used to foreground in poetry?
How did it happen that the Vikings developed such awesome literary culture?
Who is the Norweigian equivalent of Shakespeare?
What are the probable questions on the ISC 2017 English Literature?
Manny realizes that the castle described in the book he is reading stands for a larger idea: paradise. Which literary device is the author using?
Do people publish books with poems, quotes and short stories combined?
What are some recommendations for some poems about perfectionism?
What are all the art movements in painting, literature, music, movie that originated in France like realism, impressionism, surrealism etc.?
Does the ICSE 10th board ask for the writer's name in English literature?
How do you define the field of English literature?
What are some hubris examples in literature?
What is the analysis of the poem The Eagle by Alfred Lord Tennyson?
How do I study English literature for the ISCE 10 2017?
Was Shakespeare a shut-in?
How can I become better at literary criticism and analysis?
What quotes does Shakespeare use to show that Lady Macbeth is a powerful woman?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Brasil?
What language and poetic devices does Lord George Gordon Byron use in "When We Two Parted"?
Why do people study literature?
What are the archeological and literary sources of medieval India?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Pakistan?
What is the difference between a poem and a song?
What's the relation between sex and poetry?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
What classics should I read with complex characters?
What's the best way to name a poem/ song without using a line from within it?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Mexico?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from India?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from China?
What examples are there of the nurse foreshadowing in Romeo and Juliet?
What did William Shakespeare mean when he said, "“The better part of valor is discretion"?
Had Les Misérables' Gavroche survived, what would he have become as an adult?
What is the summary of the poem For Our Sisterhood by Uma Parameswaran?
Have you ever bought a book written by an unknown (to you) author based only on the front cover?
How does the literature review impact the methodology?
What lessons should I learn in English literature?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Bangladesh?
What's the literary genre of books such as 'David and Goliath' (Gladwell), Mastery (Greene), and Sapiens (Harari)?
How can you describe the 3 types of poetry?
What software/technique do you use to organize your literature searches?
What is the purpose of knowledge?
What extracts (predicted papers) will be asked in the English literature paper on 15th March?
Is Bystander a post modern poem? Justify.
What are the best courses to study in Australia after B.A. English literature?
What is the significance of Osip Mandelstam in literature?
Which prose and poems have the maximum probability to be on ICSE literature papers?
Why aren't there any thoughtful female monologues in classic literature?
What are the best anonymous poems ever?
What are the best (short) poems or quotes you know?
What marks can I expect to score in the ISC English literature examination if I don't quote text from the book, but I know the entire summary and story of the play?
How did Beowulf come to be known in British literature when it's about Scandinavians?
What is the Ras in Hindi in the 5 verse of poem Arjun's vow?
Can you explain all the different layers and meanings behind the book Animal Farm?
What is your favorite Shakespeare soliloquy?
What is the summary of the poem “Bharatmata Gramswasini” by Sumitranandan Pant?
Do ICSE literature questions which have come in the years 2015 and 2016 (short stories and poems) repeat?
What are some cautionary tales and warning tales about lust except for Dorian Gray?
Is it advisable to attend the essay type question in English literature (ICSE)?
Why is there no manuscripts of any of Shakespeare's works written in his hand? Even in his will there were no hand written manuscripts?
What is a theme in literature?
After the Divine Comedy, what is Dante’s most essential work?
Has Geetanjali Sharma read the book "Geetanjali" (by Rabindranath Tagore)?
What are the best poems by William Blake?
What demarcates philosophical literature from other kinds of literature?
What is the explanation of the short story 'Home' by Alice Munro?
Which universities offer course in Comparative Literature in undergraduate studies within West Bengal?
Which society was George Orwell critiquing in 1984?
Why do people read Proust?
Why aren't novellas and novelettes as popular as novels and short stories?
What English literary techniques are used in the quote "What is essential is invisible to the eye"?
Is the theme of story come in the English literature exam?
Which is better: A Farewell to Arms or The Old Man and the Sea?
Why should I prefer Stephen King over other authors? What differentiates him? Also, which books will you recommend written by him?
What is the most dangerous book?
In English literature, how are the answers checked: first five or the best five?
Why do teenagers hate poetry?
What does "how the flies or spiders fare in it" means in "on the spirit of obligations" by William Hazlitt?
Do you consider Harry Potter to be literature? Do you think it will stand the test of time?
How can I get a pass for English Literature?
What is wrong with this sonnet?
Why does the lawyer say that he despises freedom and wealth at the ending of 'The Bet' by Anton Chekov?
What are the aspects of style and technique in literature?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Is poem composed or written by a poet?
Do you think that writing what actually happened is better than writing what could actually happen in literature?
How can an English literature degree help in my travelling career?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
How do I write my literature review of a thesis?
What are some blogs for Konkani literature?
Historically, why did poetry evolve to be written in verses?
How long did the literature survey take, for you?
What are the most unheard of English literary techniques?
How can I get myself to enjoy literature in English?
Which books have influenced the world's greatest men?
Is there any website like Coursera to learn English Literature?
Who is the American-English equivalent to Shakespeare?
What are literature and fiction?
What strategy can be used to cover the syllabus of English literature in ISC 2017?
Which stories and poems will probably appear on ISC 2017?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Indonesia?
What is the significance of acmeist poetry?
What are the best literary criticisms?
Where did haiku poetry originate?
In Briar Rose (Grimm’s), what is the meaning of the crab?
What are some examples of poems with many literary devices?
Why is the poem, “Piers the Plowman” called the gospel of poor?
What are some of the best quadrants (short poems) on HaikuJAM?
Which books are useful in Sanskrit literature?
What role does nature play in a Shakespearean play and sonnets?
What are some tips for improving in English language and literature for the IB HL Paper 1?
What is a good poem citation generator?
What are some of the best topics on which to do a literary review on marketing and advertising?
What happens at the end of Chapter 2 in "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
How did literature change during and after the Renaissance?
What are some examples of caesura in literature?
What does the following line convey, "take in that which inflames her bond"? It's from a poem on woman empowerment.
What literature should a young person read before college?
What is the difference between form and content in poetry?
How can I write an essay in English literature?
Do professors find it harder to keep up with the literature with increasing time?
In the phrase "Dress in starlight, girl and boy" (from the poem "Sing Till Sundown"), what literary device is being used (ex: metaphor, imagery)?
What do you think, what is the message and the meaning behind the masterpiece 'Master and Margarita' by Mikhail Bulgakov?
What is the difference between literary and linguistic devices?
What makes character development important?
At the end of act 3.6 of Lear Shakespeare gives Poor Tom 13 rhymed lines not in sonnet form, and he deviates from the rhyme scheme in line 14. Why?
What are the different English literature courses in India for graduation?
Is Constantine P. Cavafy the greatest Greek poet ever?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
What value is there in reading young adult literature?
Why is chapter 97 just "The story." in Life of Pi?
Have you felt a poetry screaming at you? What poetry was it?
Why has poetry today gone straight down the shitter?
What are some incidents that happened in To Kill a Mockingbird (book) that relate to today?
What should I do with my poems?
What is the importance of visual devices in poetry?
Is "Romeo and Juliet" a comedy, tragedy, or both?
What are some examples of amplification in literature?
In which book does Emile Zola tell the story of a woman who goes and stays with a tailor and his wife?
For English Ph.D programs, what are the differences between Harvard and Berkeley?
Could someone help me with the scansion of the first verse of Love's Philosophy?
Is George Orwell's Animal Farm suitable for children?
Can “to” be left out in the following sentence: What they practice is just teaching people rituals and (to) follow rules?
What is the origin and context of the phrase "you talk a lot, but you aren’t saying anything" or "you use so many words to say nothing"?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
Would you please recommend a book that demonstrates the application of different literary criticisms to one/different literary/practical texts?
Why has magical realism been so much more pervasive in Spanish than English language literature?
What are some tetrameter examples in literature?
What are other good books by George Orwell, author of 1984?
Can you compose a free verse romantic poem dedicated to your lover/crushes/hubby/wife?
What should I do to become a famous literary critic like Derrida or Foucault?
What is the setting of the poem "The Pasture" by Robert Frost?
Which novel can be described as the best Raj novel written in the last twenty years?
What do the long paragraphs in the Red-room scene of Jane Eyre represent?
What are the mind and the self to you?
Does the way George R. R. Martin (GRRM) uses his hat or the way he holds his pen really matter to the end of ASOIAF?
What literary devices are used in "Sing Till Sundown" by Eileen Spinelli?
What is diction in literature?
How would you interpret the poem "The Fifth Elegy" by Rainer Maria Rilke?
What role does nature play in Shakespeare's play and sonnets?
What is the meaning of this Sanskrit poem?
Which poems and short stories should you read for the ICSE 2017?
What prose and poetry are likely to come in ICSE English Literature Board Exam 2017? Can I skip 2015 and 2016 ones?
Which stories and poems will probably come in ICSE 2017 in English lit?
Can someone help me write a satire on overcrowded school hallways?
Are there any online courses featuring the novels of Haruki Murakami?
Did the scene between Arya the cupbearer and Tywin happen in the books? I've looked for it more than once, but I can only assume it's not there.
What is the purpose of literary voice?
In Japan, does a temple exist where there is a poem called "Loss" carved into the stone? It has three words, but the poet has scratched them out.
What are some characteristics of poems with poetic devices?
What is literary voice?
Who writes plays?
What is the difference between literary decadence, aestheticism, and symbolism?
Is there a term like "prog/progressive" (in music) that can be aplied to others arts like film or literature?
What are some important aspects of literature?
Is is good to attempt all 6 literature questions on the boards when I don't know the answer to the sixth question?
Which is the best short?
What are some examples of conflict perspectives in literature?
What is painting based on poetry called?
What is the deep meaning of the word '"foul" in the title, "Parlament of Foules"?
What are some great novels that were written in a short amount of time?
What is the summary of the poem "The Tease" by Lilian Holmes?
Can you give me an example when art was used to influence international relations?
What are your favorite short stories that you can read in under an hour? Assuming you are reading out loud.
What's the average score out of the 16 marks on the essay question in English literature in the ICSE ?
What is some advice you would give for the IB English Literature HL paper 1?
How do I prepare for English literature in 4 days?
How has the gothic literature genre changed through time?
Where can I find empirical literatures for short period birth spacing?
If you are a travel freak, what are the benefits of studying English literature and how this can help you with a travelling career?
What is the poem that first made you love poetry?
Why  the sun is not hot when it appears big and hotter when it looks small during noon?
What is the difference between books and literature?
Will you share an original poem you have written? Don't forget the back story.
Why is an inverted or upside down question mark used in some English literature books?
What literary devices are used in the poem February by Ethelwyn Wetherald and what are they trying to convey?
How are lady Macbeth and Macbeth similar?
Which is the darkest and most depressing poem ever written in English literature?
What is the meaning of the following sentences by George Eliot?
What are the devices used to foreground poetry? What are examples which are different from those in the units?
What appeals to you about magical realism over other genres?
What line or quote, from a novel, particularly resonated with you as you read it?
Is literature class biased? If it is a reflection of social reality, how can it be above class interest?
My question is, where can I sell my poems and where else can I get my poems reviewed?
What are important Animal Farm quotes or moments in the book?
What is your favourite freestyle poem?
How useful is Mendeley for conducting a literature review?
Where can I post my poems so people will read them?
What is meant by "disease" in "Zeno's Conscience"?
What would be the long-term effects of an encounter with the interstellar cloud from Fred Hoyle’s "The Black Cloud"?
What do I have to look for when annotating a poem?
How should I prepare English Literature for ISC 2017?
What was the last book you read that wasn't originally written in your native language?
What are some examples of poems with poetic devices?
Do you think The Great Gatsby is The Great American Novel?
What are some examples of repetition in literature?
How come most magical realist literature is being written and read by people with a Roman Catholic background?
How are Shakespeare's perspectives on love idealized?
Was Valmiki a better writer than Shakespeare?
Was Stephen King the first author to add song/poem quotes at the beginning of his chapters (epigrams)?
What TV show or film protagonist starts off as the idiot-hero/the fool and develops into the hero?
I have a university degree, English literature. I want to study psychology, how should I start?
What is character sketch in literature?
How would you analyse Walt Whitman’s use of figures of speech in the poem In Paths Untrodden?
Is it good to read the works of authors you disagree with?
What are modernism and post-modernism in literature?
What compels someone to major in literature?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
Was the end of Romeo and Juliet happy?
Is there an literature encyclopedia that covers most of the masterpieces and explain to us what makes them stand apart?
How do I find literature on reviews of a conveyor belt?
How do I find the English lang. & lit. SL paper 1 from May 2016?
What can be the best books to increase knowledge in Hindi literature and its history?
Where can I find most number of old English literature books in England?
What is more important, English language or English literature?
Do you think JK Rowling actually cares about her fans?
What are some examples of iambic poems?
How can economic growth be made sustainable?
What was the first fan fiction ever written?
Are there any famous authors you hate?
What are some stories that are similar to Oscar Wilde's “The Picture of Dorian Gray”?
Is Tim Weiner, who wrote Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA, a credible source? It is suppose to be based upon hundred of thousands of documents.
Is there any chance of getting the same questions which were given in the 2015 ICSE English literature paper in 2017?
Is it possible to complete English literature and novel of class 12th in 2 days?
Will The Maze Runner be considered a classic in the future?
In ICSE English Literature, Can the 16 marks question come from poem?
I love discovering relatively unknown poetry. What is your favorite poem?
Should we lengthy answers or concise to the point answers for ICSE English literature exam?
How was power portrayed in African American literature in the early 20th century?
What is your idea about literary criticism?
What are some of the biggest conspiracy theories in world history?
What is the shortest poem in English?
Do you like Haruki Murakami's work? Why if you do, or do not?
Which way do the toppers follow in English literature for understanding the text? Do they just underline the points and understand them?
Why is making poetry so unpopular?
Is there anything more epic in life than fine conversation, literature, and playing sports?
Do you think that the Romeo and Juliet iPhone advert is misleading?
Which are the most beautiful lines of poetry ever written?
As I am a beginner in reading novel, so what classic novel should I read?
Was Mark Twain a Freemason when he wrote Tom Sawyer?
Why does Shakespeare use the name 'Balthasar' so often in his plays?
What is your favourite short inspirational poem?
In research, must all the articles I gather be limited to my study area?
What is the difference between English Literature and American Literature?
Do Sanskrit poems offer historical details on wars, rulers their dates like poems in Tamil?
Where can I find a PDF of the "Way to Successful ICSE English Literature Papers" book by the Frank Brothers?
What is the poem "The Wreck of the Hesperus" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow about?
How do we make reciting poem great again?
What is protest literature characterized for?
Is there a book about the various kind of innovation that happened in the English literature?
Is there any English poem as a translation for Heinrich Heine's poem Ein Fichtenbaum steht einsam?
How do I identify the figures of speech in four lines of a poem supposedly given to you?
Does Hokkien tone sandhi still apply when reading Classical Chinese poetry?
What is moon by Kathleen jamie about? And how does the imagery support the meaning?
Can I impress girl by writing poems?
Is there a literature reference book that covers all the techniques that were invented by the greatest authors?
What are the must literature books for the Primary schoolers?
Why do we no longer speak like Shakespeare?
Could someone review the short story Boots by Anton Chekhov?
What are some examples of hyperbole in The Great Gatsby?
What modern authors compare with Ernest Hemingway or Edward Abbey?
Would you want your boyfriend to call you "mama"?
What kinds of jobs can someone who has completed a B.A. in literature expect?
What are examples of mythology allusions in literature?
Is Indian literature in its worst times?
What added depth is achieved when using symbolism?
Is Haruki Murakami's 1Q84 better translated into French or into English?
What do English students think is one argumentative topic in British Literature?
What are some short stories about husbands love?
I am suffering from depression, how can I use my depression to fuel my creative writing? How can I use it to create ideas and stories?
What is the difference between a Petrarchan, a Spenserian, and a Miltonic sonnet?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
Why is the first work I discovered from an author often my favorite?
Can you please define the exact meaning of an absurdist drama in English literature by giving a valid example?
I'm 15 and want to read "The Trial" by Franz Kafka. How shoud I go about it?
What are examples where literature changes meaning when translated?
How did protest literature emerge?
What are all the things unseen in literature?
How long should my literature answer be for 10th ICSE?
What are examples of caesura in poetry?
What is your favorite literary device?
What are the current trends in Literature now a days?
What are some examples of examples of sight rhyme in literature?
Have we identified if our solar system is moving? If not, is it possible to do so?
What type of literature is speed reading good for and what type of literature is it not good for?
Have you ever written down what you dreamed?
What are the most likely topics in English literature for 2017?
How can ''a bird is not free'' interpreted?
How can "The BBC Companion to English Literature" help me for English exam?
Who is the poor poet of Tennessee mentioned in Moby Dick?
What's the best alternate ending for Romeo and Juliet?
How do I find the toki/crested ibis in Japanese literature?
How do you give an analysis of Seamus Heany poem Skunk?
How do you interpret this quote from Ayn Rand: “A gun is not an argument”?
In the Greek myth of Sisyphus, why doesn't Sisyphus stop? Is he bound?
How does Marxist literary criticism relate to Shirley Jackson's "The Lottery"?
What is the most engaging book you have ever read?
What are the different types of literary devices?
How is the theme alienation portrayed in The Trial by Franz Kafka?
How do I start a literature review, considering I need to review 2 journal articles on my chosen research area?
The book Huck Finn by Mark Twain is a classic and the N word should not be censored. What is an argument against this?
What are some books of letters written by "Intellectuals"?
Who are the most rational cruelest and manipulative top 10 female characters in classic literature and why?
What is the purpose of Images in literature?
Is it true that Kurt Vonnegut never used a semicolon in any of his works?
What are some of the prominent job opportunities for a MA English literature graduate in MNCs? (India)
What is the purpose of Images and Symbols in literature?
What would one miss skipping over Season 2 of The Wire?
What are the most useful Computer Assisted Translation (CAT) applications for literary translation?
Is it okay leave 1 chapter of English literature for the class 12th board exam?
What is some established literature regarding the definition of forest fringes?
What do I do if there are few articles and studies about a social problem in my chosen study area?
Is there any app or site through which I can clarify my doubts easily and at any time for my English literature course? If yes?
Why do people consider Shakespeare better than Marlowe?
What are some examples of protest literature?
What is disentangled representation in neural net literature?
What does Mary Wollstonecraft think about religion?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
What would be some good questions to ask Hecate and the three witches?
What are some examples of the characteristics that define contemporary literature?
What kind of entertainment can be called "cultural" or "literate"?
What are the differences between the real Alexander the Great and Iskandar in Iranian beliefs and Persian literature?
What is the best and the fastest way to learn about the details of different authors of literature?
How did Charles Dickens get inspiration for his books?
What are the novels and story books written in most colloquial style by the British writers?
Who would win in a battle between The Thing against a Xenomorph?
How many lines should one write in a question that has three or four marks allocated to it, in the ICSE English literature paper?
What makes the poem "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe so powerful?
How do I submit a few very good love poems to be viewed and judged?
How can I read Hindi literature for the CBSE board in a week?
Is interrogation a poetic device? Can you give an example?
Do English people know Shakespeare plagiarized Ovid?
What are some interesting novels (romantic/philosophical/spiritual/humorous) written by Indian authors?
How do I and who do I submit a few very good love poems to be read and judged?
What's on your mind about human's final years?
'Machiavelli's suggestiveness results from the fact that he is sometimes thinking of sex, and almost always thinking of war.' Who said this?
What are the most probable essays that could come in ISC 2017 Literature exam?
How do you explain "To Kill A Mockingbird" characters?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
What does 'a cup of hair' mean in the novel A Place in England?
How will I get ISC 2004 English literature paper?
Why is the south African newspaper city press listed/associated under media24 on the internet?
How should I prepare for the ICSE English literature exam?
What is the darkest sci fi story you know of?
Do you think Dante was justified in putting Achilles into the circle of Hell which contained lust?
What are the most underappreciated but great poems?
What are some examples of short story dialogues?
What can be considered Indian literature and what can’t? Is Indian literature one entity written in many languages?
What were the impacts of the Renaissance on English Literature?
What did Dostoyevsky have planned for the sequel to The Brothers Karamazov?
Can I take literature as my optional for CSE 2017 I have all material preparation I am not having literature back ground academic?
Why is PricewaterhouseCooper abbreviated as PwC? Why is the "w" written in lowercase?
What are the best poems of Robert Browning Hamilton?
Will Mario Puzo’s book be easy to read?
What are some literary devices used in the novel "The Goonies"?
How is knowledge gained from the scientific literature on learning that is utilized by teachers in the American secondary school system?
How accurate is Stalin´s book The Road to Power?
Can I do M.A English literature after doing bjmc?
What are some examples of cynicism in literature?
What can be considered Indian literature and what can’t?
Could you name some important Indian literary books and authors?
Is American literature related to American Indians?
What did Virginia do with the Canterville Ghost?
What characteristics define satire in literature?
What are the leading central universities for English literature?
Where and how would I go about submitting some short stories of mixed or nondescript genres?
What are the guidelines for answering literature questions of ICSE?
What is your favorite book you have written?
Where do you find poems?
Is there any good authors that write teen romance books?
Why does the Spanish language have so few great novels?
Why is Tolkien considered a good writer?
What are the differences in approaching romantic paintings and poetry?
How did Charles Dickens come up with the ideas for his books?
What is a simple explanation of the meaning of juxtaposition in literature? What is an example?
Has any author described the death of precedence?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What are some symbols of darkness in literature?
What are the literary devices in Sarah Kay's poem, B?
What is issue based literature?
What are some examples of external conflicts in literature?
What is an example of caricature in literature?
Is Kipling's poem "The Widow of Windsor" a collection of limericks?
What are some characteristics of literary modernism?
What would you do after doing an MA in literature in order to become a translator?
Why is poetry important in modern society?
Why should I read moby dick?
In my literature class, we were told a text could be anything. My text is a hammer. How would you interpret a hammer?
Is “William Shakespeare was an English playwright and poet” a complex sentence?
What are the best poems of William Henry Davies?
How do people appreciate Paul Celan's later poetry?
Which subject has more scopes and early jobs, Geography or English literature?
What are examples of poems with rhetorical devices?
Do you or do you not agree with the saying, 'Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori?' Why?
Is it fair for English teachers to ask about connections to the Bible in literature?
What is the best book in Hindi for poems?
How do I prepare for IGNOU online M.A .in English literature?
Where can you find the primary literature of elementary physics?
How is conflict used in literary devices?
Is this a good rap lyric: “In this place the life and death's line is very thin. This game you cannot win as winning will mean you made a sin.”?
What's the darkest, strangest, most disturbing novel you've read (must be quality literature)?
What is the primary purpose of literature in the 14th and 15th centuries?
What are the benefits of reading different English translations of the same book?
How can you describe the 6 parts of a plot?
How are similes, metaphors and personifications used in literature?
What's semiotic theory in literature?
Who is the author aaksa karuna Shah?
What are some examples of literary moods?
How many of you people have an interest in Hindi poetry and would buy a book to read it?
What are some examples of external conflicts used in popular books?
Why is poetry important in our lives?
Why do many authors use similes, metaphors and personifications in their writings?
What are some of the greatest conflicts in all of literature?
What is the main idea of Robert Frost's good hours poem?
What are some examples about stories with satire?
In what city or town does The Handmaid's Tale take place?
What are the best poems written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow?
What is the difference between literature and literary study?
What is the word for a small group of elite people?
Which novel do you like most and why?
What are some examples of a short satire?
"The Dog and the Wolf" by Aesop, If you could the change the plot what would you change?
Is Kipling's poem "Fuzzy Wuzzy" racist, or a panegyric?
What do you think of romanticism?
Can someone provide a complete list of David Foster Wallace's known literary influences?
What does the word loom refer to in the poem Invictus, by William Ernst Henley?
Which is easier; IB Language and Literature SL or IB Literature SL?
What is the philosophical meaning behind Diomira in Invisible Cities by Italo Calvino?
What should a novel tell its readers of this generation and the coming generation?
How is the antagonist often depicted in literature? Why does this tend to happen?
How much you know about Rumi? And what do you think about his attitude towards life and universe?
What is the internal conflict in the poem "Beowulf"?
How can I complete one chapter of English literature for class 12th in two hours? Is it possible to do so? Can I score 90+ in it?
Which are the popular literature magazines?
What is the importance of a literature class?
What are some mistranslations in classic literature that are often taught uncorrected in academia?
What is the Islamic ruling on literature?
How can one access literature and poetic materials?
What was Michael Masiello's dissertation on?
What was the environmental disaster that occurred in The Handmaid's Tale? What were the consequences?
What is the significance of Banquet scene in Macbeth?
Why did Frost entitle the poem "The Road Not Taken" as such? I’m thinking of the skill I chose.
Should I major in film, comparative literature or Arabic?
Can you only fully appreciate classic literature in its original language?
How can I find out the free reading of any essays online for English literature students? Like room of one's own essay written by Virginia Woolf?
Why do people write literature?
What are some of the key quotes in 'The Great Gatsby'?
What are your recommended books written in Welsh?
What does it take to be awarded a Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is the title of your favorite poetry collection?
What does "Aleph" means in Paulo Coelho's book?
What are some examples of inference in literature?
Could you name some important literary books and authors?
What are some unique characteristics of a short poem?
In Hills Like White Elephants by Hemingway and Cathedral by Carver, what are the 2 significant ways by which the 2 male characters are similar?
ICSE X-How many sides should the essay type question be in English literature?
How do I write my long answers in impressive way in English literature, Defense and Geography?
Do the SOL (school of open learning) notes really help English literature students at Delhi University?
What is the representation of literature to you?
What is the meaning of the poem Freedom by Rabindranath Tagore?
Which novel of Stefan Zweig do you like the most and why?
Is it okay to recite a poem written by someone else at a funeral?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
How do modern Pulitzer winning novels compare to famous "classic literature"?
What is your best "One Word" description of this image?
Why do movies tend to be idealistic and escapist but literature tends to be more 'realistic'?
Who are the high-end literary types on Quora?
Would it be a good choice for me to stop studying English literature and take up women’s studies for a master’s?
What is the summary of the poem life by Henry Van dyke?
What are some examples of innuendo in literature?
Which other psychologists/philosophers would I enjoy reading if I like books by Erich Fromm?
Who writes poetry like Sylvia Plath and Kim Addonozio?
Is Shadow of Mordor considered canon?
Which books can I read except literary books?
How big is a vocabulary of a beginner, intermediate, advanced level speaker in general?
How does English literature mirror life?
What is the meaning of metaphor in poem?
What does the line "the purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink " mean?
What is the most helpful book that you have ever read?
How Mahabharat is a literary source for literature in different Indian languages?
What are some examples of stereotypes in literature?
How do I give poems a good platform?
How can I make my Facebook poetry page become more popular?
In "The Fall of The House of Usher" by Edgar Allan Poe, is the narrator going insane?
Can you make extremely specific words in Esperanto like you can in German?
Does Huckleberry Finn have a happy ending?
What classic novels are very readable even still for a modern person?
Which theme of 1984 is the most important?
How can studying English Literature change my life?
In how many categories we can divide history of English literature exactly?
What are the most beautiful poems about self confidence?
What are some characteristics of the different types of imagery in literature?
What are examples of magical realism in literature?
What are your thoughts on the short story "The Scarlet Ibis" by James Hurst?
What does Romeo and Juliet movie conveys?
Why does only Tamil and Sanskrit qualify as world's classical languages from India?
What are the individual purposes of the separate forms of literature?
Which classic piece of literature is worth reading, and why? Will I be confused by the language?
What are some examples of poem about love using figures of speech?
Has anyone with Asperger's ever written a successful novel?
What is some of the best classic literature on seduction?
Which of Shakespeare's love sonnets are sad?
What are some characteristics of the different types of prose?
What is a good example of a cosmic irony?
To whom is Sonnet 116 addressed?
How should I study English Literature as an Indian?
How can I find out if my poetry is good?
What literary or rhetorical device did Marc Antony use when he kept repeating "Brutus is an honorable man"?
Do novels written in second person sell?
Which method is the best for English literature at Delhi University, to first cover the whole syllabus of our course or to first prepare for our competition?
What are the differences between Indian literature and American literature?
What happened to literature?
In your opinion, what are the five most essential books in French literature?
How can I make people read and like my page on poetry on Facebook?
What is the opening quote for literary association function?
What is the setting of the poem "Your World" by Georgia Douglas Johnson?
What is the importance of reading literature?
How do I mention literary influences in my novel, explaining what and why I draw from each, for something in-between a bibliography list and an acknowledgments list?
How do I deal with being a business major, who is solely interested in English literature?
If Shakespeare had not written his plays, in which ways would the world be different?
Where can I get Bashir Badr poetry books in English?
What is your favorite literary trail?
In which chapter of "The Idiot" does someone burn his hand or fingers?
What does pathetic fallacy create in literature?
Have not taught in over 15 yrs and my creative writing skills have dulled. Calling for help with opening ice breaking statements to calm the nerves.
What are two important literary sources of Mauryan History?
Does George Orwell's "Animal Farm" portray communism realistically at all?
Do you know any great speeches, and can you show how they make effective use of the audience's cognitive biases?
What are the characteristics of an epic poem?
What are some examples of pedantic in literature?
What villains of classical literature do you love the most?
What makes a text having literary value? As opposed to just being a text?
Which question should I leave in the ICSE Literature exam?
What literary works can I use in my EFL classroom to instill love to reading in my adult students?
Is there an approachable work of classic Russian literature?
What topic should I choose for my project in literature?
What are some great nihilistic/existentialist short stories?
Why isn't Wildbow more popular?
What is an old classic book that I should read?
What are the organisations that recognise Art and Literary works?
What are examples of common elements of satire?
How can I develop my literary skills?
Why was Mrs Dalloway written by Virginia Woolf is a stream of consciousness novel?
What authors are the best at developing characters?
Does the book "War and Peace" by L. Tolstoy handle the topic of 'Oppressive' forces or relationships?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
How would you change a piece of literature or film to make it better?
Does poetry process emotions differently than esp. music or neurology does? What changes in the long run via a poetry vs a neurology approach to emotions?
Is there a book that exists that contains all the important American short stories up through the 1980s?
Shouldn’t works of Kalidasa, Sage Vyas, and Valmiki be taught as literature in Indian schools apart from Shakespeare?
What are some examples of satire in literature?
What is the theme of pippa's song poem by Robert browning?
What literature supports the theory that Sámi spoke a non-Fennic language before the arrival of the Finns?
What are the characteristics of Anglo-American literature?
How do you be a content writer without any background in literature?
Where can I find a large selection of US and international newspapers and magazines in San Francisco?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
What is the proper way of copyrighting an unpublished literary work in India?
What are some examples for simile in literature?
Has Priyanka Gandhi written any book?
Which is the best political satire novel in English or Kannada?
What is the best way to launch a successful fundraising campaign for publishing a novel?
What are some good poems to read for a poetry slam?
How is conflict described in literature?
What are the awards given to books respective to their genre?
“A little less caged, a little more tamed/A little less tamed, a little more caged” - explain these two scenarios using an example from day-to-day life?
In what unique and out-of-the-box way is literature more than just entertainment?
Who is the most virtuous character in Shakespeare's plays? Who is the most depraved?
What is the meaning of the following passage in Middlemarch?
What is your review on Uttharakanda novel written by S L Bhairappa?
What was Plato's effect on literary criticism?
Whom will you nominate for International Rhyme Time poetry Challenge by Poignant Painter?
How can I get the help from any Delhi university student who can easily give me the notes of English literature 5(2) third year?
In the story "the bet" by anton chekhov, why does the banker fires 2 shots when he was told to fire only one?
Do we have enough time?
What are some parables/fables or even Classical novels that go along the lines of "better to die standing than life on your knees"?
Can someone help me with the iambic pentameter of my sonnet?
What are some examples of elision in literature?
What are some well written poems about the end of times?
Oscar Wilde and socialism: "The Soul of Man under Socialism" illustrates a lot of his views, but are there any socialist poems of Wilde?
What are the contributions of Mr.Manushya Puththiran to the Tamil Modern poetry?
What are the things that readers search for in novels?
Is there an alternative to the book of Esra?
Can a depiction of something that never happened still be authentic?
How can darkness be used as a symbol in literature?
Nina Von Stauffenberg wrote a lovely poem for her husband after he was gone. Where can I find a copy of the poem?
What is Autobiographical literature?
What are strophic strophes in poems?
What are some of the most famous cats in literature?
What are different types of themes in literature?
In Saadat Hassan Manto's short story "An Old Fashioned Man", what was the link between the miswak and Shadaan's death in the end?
What is more striking in Tolkien's works: the characters or the environment and why?
Who are some poets that display topophilia?
Why study British literature?
What are some examples of poems with imagery and figurative language?
Who is the fair lady in the poem ‘London Bridge is falling down'?
Which poems are best to read to help understand the Persian mind?
How did the French writers influence the English literature?
Can you name for me some characters of gothic literature?
What are some of the greatest literary works in regional Indian languages?
What type of irony is used in "animal farm" by George Orwell?
What if no novels were written?
What do you think about Pablo Neruda's poem 'Keeping Quiet'?
How do I explain repetition as a rhetorical device with examples from poetry?
What is the importance of syntax in literature?
Is it necessary for IB students to write three written tasks for English language and literature (A) Standard Level?
Where can we found Femininity in Sula by Toni Morrison? How is it presented ? What elements can be seeing as Femininity illustrations / images ?
Is the Bible actually great literature?
What are some examples of character foils in literature?
What literary device can be seen in the following passage?
Can you suggest some good poems can be used in writing?
Whiich is the most innovative poem in Hindi?
What is your favourite epic poem and why?
How does literature help us make sense of the unlike human condition?
What is a good poem about anxiety?
Were legendary writers such as Shakespeare, Hemingway, Dickens etc just naturally talented?
Why is compression considered a modernist technique?
Why is so much literature written about the middle class?
Why do in the novel of Virginia Woolf all the things are written in an unstructured manner and scenes are being repeated at the end of the novel?
Is the reading improvement graph one that eventually plateaus?
Can you critique my poem? I would like to know what is good and how I can improve my work.
What are some Classical novels that deal with freedom from Oppression?
Victoria Sackville West wrote a poem called "The Mirage". Where can I find a copy of the text of the poem?
Why did Albert Camus win the literature Nobel prize for his novel "The Stranger"?
What question can I discuss as a topic on 'hacktivism' for a literature review?
What are appeals in literature?
What are some of the famous English literary journals in India?
How do I write good answers in English literature at college level?
What is the related literature of a power bank?
For someone who is new in poetry, he should focus on the work of one poet or is fine to read whatever he likes?
What are your ways of discovering and reading poetry?
As a high school student, what is the easiest way for me to learn the basics of finance?
How do I teach 12 grade literature?
What actually Joyce wanted to elaborate in his short story Araby?
How can I educate myself about philosophy and English literature at home?
How can I analyze a non-sequitur in literature?
What are some parody examples in literature?
Did William Shakespeare get an award?
How do I organize a literature festival ik my school?
In what order I should read Shakespeare?
Why must there be meaning behind your writing?
What are examples of Anglo-American literature?
What are examples of a paradox in literature?
What are some examples of convention in literature?
In The Great Gatsby, why is Daisy's voice "fluctuating, feverish, warm… a deathless song"?
What happens in AMU litfest?
How is a professional writer defined as opposed to an amateur writer?
Should I read books from young authors?
What is a shadow queen in history?
What is a poem/short story/article etc. from an English/American writer that deals with the human relationship with nature?
What are some examples of chronological literature?
How did Oscar Wilde handle his shift from fame to infamy?
Can someone help me get to know the different meters used in English poetry?
Is European literature better than American literature?
What are the elements of tragedy in literature?
What is it like to major in comparative literature at queens college?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
What are the best ending notes in a novel, a legend, a tale, a ballad or a story?
What is some of the best music or poetry inspired by science?
Why is literary criticism so important?
What is the best way to score high on the Language and Literature SL in the IB?
What are some examples of convention in poetry?
What literary works(e.g. poems/novels) are commonly taught in high school?
What are some of the best novels to read during a time of frustration?
What are some movies with similar themes to "The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
How do you think poetry has contributed to the world?
Can anyone share a review about Sarah Kay's poetry show?
What was Samuel Butler like as a man?
What are the qualifications required in order to study an MA in English literature at Jadavpur University?
Which of these do you prefer: "The Kreutzer Sonata" or "The Eternal husband" (or “The Idiot")?
What kind of topics can be chosen to make a research in English literature?
Why isn’t much great literature produced by university literature departments?
What are some examples of purple prose?
What are some superb work (books) in English literature that a person should read to take his English skills to high quality levels?
What is the current literary scene in India and abroad?
What sentence is the most remembered from all of literature?
How I can post a poem on Quora?
Which is the best poetry blog?
What is the importance of Mayan Literature?
What was the fastest amount of time a novel was written in?
What are the best reviews of REU programs that people have ever written?
What does the line "My song exalts her dazzling tulips" mean in the poem Kabul by Saib-e-tabrizi?
How do alliteration and repetition differ?
How does Shakespeare present Lady Macbeth as a powerful woman?
What are some words to describe Lady Macbeth in Act 1?
What is so-called Dalit literature? What is the main moral in it?
What is Iago's job?
Are literature and cinema equally complex art forms? Is one a higher form of art than the other?
What is critical analysis of two friends poem?
Is there any love poetry?
How is equality shown in the novel "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
What is the main function of the four types of literary conflict?
Does ICSE ask the same chapters and poems as in the English literature 2017 sample paper?
What is the oldest book in the world?
Who are Cassian Hall and the TCT Literary Agency?
Who were the patrons of Persian Literature under Akbar?
What are some examples of animism in literature?
What are the steps of a literary appriciation?
What is a satire in literature?
What is the story of the novel Krishnakali written by Shivani?
Who is the smartest woman in literature?
Is Social Class a good theme for high level book studies?
Has anyone ever thought to read all of the literature in your field?
What are the good books for literary and historical criticism of Quran?
What makes literature timeless?
How do I analyze and trace character development in a text?
Is 'To Kill A Mockingbird' a good novel for an 8th grader with an 11th grade reading level?
Can you explain Gitanjali 18 verse by Rabindranath Tagore?
What literary technique do you love to see executed perfectly?
What are the three types of irony?
What are some ways to start a character analysis?
How do I become a writer being someone with zero (literary) academic background?
What is the latin rendering of "Pornography is literature designed to be read with one hand"?
How should we learn English literature firstly?
What does it mean by "communicative in a reserved way" in the opening of The Great Gatsby?
Which chapters are most likely to come in ICSE English Literature 2017?
What is postcolonial literary theory?
What is local color in literature?
What is the literary cultural fest at MMMUT, Gorakhpur?
What is the importance of stanzas in poems?
What is your favorite poem about adoption?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
What is your opinion of Lion Feuchtwanger's Josephus trilogy?
I’ve read Androids, and now I want to read Dune, is it worth reading?
What is the importance of the second person omniscient point of view in literature?
How do you deal with metaphysical pain?
What forms of propaganda did the pigs use in Animal Farm?
Where will I get ISC question paper of English literature of 2014 on internet?
What is the Shakespearean sonnet that Ian McEwan refers to in his novel, Nutshell?
What is animism in literature?
What should be the wittiest reply to those people who associate literature with nothing but Shakespeare?
What is the difference between anchor paper and core paper when making a literature review?
What is the significance of ‘Adultery’ by Paulo Coelho?
How important is it with spelling, grammar and formatting in poetry? Could a poem not formally excellent be good? Could these be a stylistic devices?
I've been reading books of Haruki Murakami and have loved the different culture portrayed. What are some other good books by Japanese authors?
Why did Mr. Darcy help Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst to distance Mr. Bingley and Jane Bennet?
Are there any poems about a lake?
Is it true literature ages better than any other media?
What are some examples of grotesque in literature?
What is the difference between English language and composition/English literature and composition?
What will happen to the little prince in the end?
What are the main features of Georgian poetry?
How can I become a successful writer? Do I need to be an English literature graduate to write?
In Blake's Book of Urizen, what does "For he saw that life liv'd upon death" mean?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
What actually is Honors in English literature?
What is relationship between literature and globalization?
What are the probable Much Ado About Nothing essay questions for English literature in the 2017 ISC boards?
How does prose differs from other literary?
Short stories on meeting strangers?
In Song of the Rain, by Kahlil Gibran, what are the values he places emphasis on, or highlights in the poem?
Why do I have to learn about Shakespeare in school?
What are the uses of animism in literature?
In "The Book Thief", how does Max die?
Are there any college who are providing masters in English literature in Gurgaon? If yes, then what all are there, name them?
In literature, what is the meaning of an epithet?
How was William Shakespeare as a narrative poet?
What should be the length of answers for ICSE English literature questions?
What is the role of environment in literature?
Does my name 金谛 have any literary meaning?
Which is the best book written by Julia Quinn?
Why do my INTP friends hate creative/non-logical subjects like English Literature?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
What is the meaning of the word "Faqr-e-Ghayoor' in Allama Iqbal's poetry?
What are the periods of world literature?
What are some words to describe Macbeth in Act 1?
What are some of your favourite pieces of German literature and why?
Why do some readers seem to hate Thomas Hardy and the deeply tragic nature of his books?
How can I learn 16 analysed poems?
What are some examples of elements in postmodern literature?
Have you managed to read "Infinite Jest" (all of it)? What did you think of it?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): What are your theories on Benjen Stark?
In your opinion, what is the most beautiful sentence ever written?
What work of literature, from our current time, will still be read hundreds of year from now on?
Do you know a book about an ill girl who talks about her friend, who is an angel, and at the end she realizes she has passed away?
Why do we need to read books by different authors?
Would you take time to read a short stories online?
What is responsible for the decline in Hindi literature?
Has Batman ever given up, felt down or depressed?
You are Scheherazade, due to be executed in the morning, what story do you tell to keep yourself alive? What is the most compelling tale you can tell?
What can you do "now" that will make you feel happy?
What are the elements of a well built world in literature?
What is Sanskrit literature?
What are three themes in the book "The Gambler" written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky?
Which question can be include in real estate literature review?
What are some local folk stories from where you are from?
What makes The Great Gatsby a classic novel and why has it maintained its place in American Literature?
What are some examples of universal themes in literature?
How does poetry differ from other literature?
What is a rhetorical question in literature?
What books will you suggest Donald Trump to read?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
Which is the best reference guide for the history of English literature?
What is the setting of the poem of the poem "The Brook" by Alfred Tennyson?
In literature, what is meant by limited omniscient narration?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
Would you read a short stories on the internet?
From a medical point of view which House episode is superbly written?
What are the literary elements in Psalm and Proverbs?
What is your opinion of "sensitivity readers"?
What is the best summary of this passage huckleberry finn?
What are some major sociological approaches to literary criticism?
What are examples of literary devices in "Sonnet 18"?
What books are written by esther hicks?
Can anyone help me in explaining the following stanza of Browning' s poem Rabbi Ben Ezra?
What can I study if I graduate in "Polish Language and Literature"?
Should I be an VFX artist or a professor in English literature? I love both but here the teaching of literature in college is boring.
What is the difference between epic and sonnet?
Which author impresses you: Leo Tolstoy or Fyodor Dostoyvsky?
What can you infer about the midnight watch from Bernardo's speech?
Why does Leonardo Da Vinci not have any written works?
Have other authors mirrored Franz Kafka's diary entry, "I have nothing to say to anyone"? Did they overcome such self-knowledge and create art anyway?
Can you suggest me another great book similar to 1984 by George Orwell?
If you have some literatures about physics and calculus formula derivation, could you share them with me?
How was Macbeth changed by the supernatural?
What little-known texts would make for good choral music?
Why do I like Jerry Archer, Sidney Sheldon' novels over classic novels like Heart of Darkness, Middlemarch, etc?
What are the short stories written by Mohan Rakesh?
I want to read poetry but I can't grasp it. How can I stop being so unintelligent?
Is Charles Dickens considered to be the second greatest English writer after Shakespeare?
What is the summary of the "poem for Everyman" by John Wood?
What is the poem in Black Hawk Down about?
Why do people call pamphlets literature?
What is the actual procedure to analyse a literary poem?
Is there any website for African literature reviews?
Should teens read 1Q84 (Haruki Murakami)?
What's the best story by Oscar Wilde?
What are the best opening lines in literary history?
Which lines in the poem childhood do you think are realistic in nature and why?
How much do the top poets get for poetry readings?
What are the best books written by S L bhyrappa?
What is "Dangerous" by Milo Yiannopoulos about?
Is London as bad as it is shown in literature and movies?
What are the important questions in English literature (including play, short story, poem book) for the ISC 2017 exams?
Which one is grammatically correct: "Oscar Wilde's Picture of Dorian Gray" or "Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
What does literature and mythology have in common?
Can you tell me extracts that might come up from act 1 and 2 macbeth?
What are some examples of poems that contain similes and metaphors?
What is the best oneliner motivation/quote you ever heard?
Why didn't Dostoyevsky and Chekhov write full names of places?
What are the possible questions that might come for English literature for 2017?
What are the must-read poems of William Wordsworth?
What philosophical short stories would you recommend? Perhaps something similar to 'The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas?'
Is it okay for a 16 year old to read Paulo Coelho books?
Can Shakespeare be considered as the father of Metaphors? He has given birth to and adopted many extensively.
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
Can an Indian teach English literature at postgraduate level in US universities?
Would you post a sonnet (14 line poem) - not from the internet but written by you?
Can you tell me more about knowledge literature?
What is the English Renaissance literature? How does it differ from other periods?
How did Catcher in the Rye inspire Mark David Chapman to murder John Lennon?
Can you explain the poem The Rain by Kamala Das?
Why do people like the writings of Italo Calvino?
Is math or literature more enjoyable?
Is Dracula a corporeal being in Stoker's novel?
What role does objective perspective serve in literature?
What are the best examples of Christ figures in literature?
Can I take double majors in literature and sociology?
Why is clothing (or lack of cover thereof, some types of nudity/exposing) connected with morality, in some jurisdictions or some cultures even today?
How Master in English literature can lend you a great and amazing jobs in India except the teaching one?
Who might be considered the "Shakespeare" of our times in 400 years?
What are my options after doing MBBS in India?
Do Americans find novels written in U.K. English annoying or distracting?
What are your favorite novels written by the well-know America novelist D.M]?
Where can I buy BBC literature companion class 10 please help?
Which is the best novel now trending written by Indian authors?
Is there a specific phrase in literature (English or Latin) synonymous with "Unknown World"?
When studying a civilization, which aspect would you study first (literature, art, philosophy, history) and why?
What are the salient features of Modern poetry?
What is simile in first verse of poem daffodils?
What is the relationship between form and content in literature?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
Which is the most translated poem in Indian languages?
Is there any novel about Iran-Iraq war?
How is persuasive rhetoric used in poems?
Have you read Virgin Soil Upturned (Mikhail Sholokhov)?
Could you please recommend some great literature using simple English?
Which are the most anticipated poems and stories for ICSE 2017?
What is Marxism in literature?
Is there something that's lost in translation, that Pushkin's translated poem in English don't seem so special?
What feminist literary criticism?
What are the most messed up poems or poems with the most complicated emotions?
What are the English novels (English literature) that talk about or mention Sufism?
What is the most underrated classic novel you've read?
Which is the best 10 minute one act play based on literary text?
What is your favourite classic book of all time, and why?
What is mood and atmosphere in literature?
What is the worst thing about Adultery, a book by Paulo Coelho?
What is the best way to write review of literature in finance?
Are America's greatest cultural achievements in film and music rather than literature and art?
What are some of the greatest products of human thought?
Which translation of Gogol's Dead Souls should I read?
What makes Romeo and Juliet so famous?
What are the best literary depictions of money as the harbinger of evil to those who spend their lives focusing on it?
How should you frame an answer to questions like why management after English honours and why not a master’s in English literature?
What piece of literature or poetry altered your view on the world?
Which is the best course in the field of English literature?
How well do Chuck Tingle's works reflect the zeitgeist of mid-2010s America?
Is it a good idea to start a novel with a poem?
What is the best shortish story you have ever written? Could you give a link, maybe?
What is the most beautiful Chinese poem?
What is the history of Hindi literature?
Would you suggest a good name for a poem which describes that you got spectacles?
Are orcs overused in literature and media?
What does the shadow symbolize in "The Scarlet Letter" by Nathaniel Hawthorne?
What are your top three favorite poems?
What is the use of literature?
How can I sell my poems?
What are 10 must-read books for corporate employees?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
Who qualifies for the phrase ‘refinement personified’?
What are the methods and techniques that you use to analyse literature more thoroughly?
Has literature become less international since the 60s?
How can I start a flashback in my story without stating dates or using overused tropes?
What are some examples of unique narratives or perspectives in a novel?
Which books or reading material would you recommend for someone interested in studying English Literature, as a hobby?
Has any literature been published recently on the comparative biology of tails?
What are a few good websites for reading poetry?
What are some interesting ideas in Shakespeare's king Richard III?
Should English literature answer be short and to the point? Should only points be given in the answer?
Do you like classic books?
Has anyone read "The Overcoat" by Gogol? Do you think freshmen college students in the U.S. would enjoy and understand it?
What is the social importance of literature?
What pieces of literature, film, or artwork explore the idea of the male gaze?
Did Franz Kafka speak Czech?
What are the best literature to read at 21?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
What is the most recommendable forms among the forms of Hindi literature?
How can I get help for scansion of English poetry?
How easy was it for African Americans to publish literature during the 19th century?
What are some of the similar novels of 1984by George Orwell?
Which words can be meaning in a poetry?
How can I get better at remembering poems?
How can one develop their reading interest in books, novels, article or something?
What poems and prose are likely to come in ISC 2018?
What is the name of your favorite book?
Is math or literature more beneficial in life?
How has feminism affected literature and the interpretation of literary works of old?
What novel would you recommend to a fellow literature fan? And why?
What is the best biography of Hugo Grotius?
What is the difference between the contemporary poetry and spoken word?
Is it a good idea to start learning Tamil literature by reading Ponniyin Selvan everyday?
When did Tom first meet atticus in to kill a mockingbird?
Which poems and stories will probably be asked in ISC 2017 English Literature? And which scenes from Shakespeare?
What are the best theology books ever written?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
What is the trends in literature?
Should I start writing books or start a metal band?
Can you recall a particular text that ignited your love of literature?
Is Batman like Beowulf?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
Is there any recommendatio of English websites where I can find readers' comments on Chinese literature apart from "Amazon" and "Goodreads"?
In a Ruskin Bond's book, there's a poem on a doctor, who realises that the man he'd met recently was a cadaver he dissected in school. What's d book?
What are the connotation of few guests costumes in the Capulet's party for Romeo and Juliet?
Are there any poems about the effects of time?
How did italicized text become associated with emphasis in literature?
If I will give you a title "Ten Thousand Leaves" for a poem, what do you think is the best story for it?
What are the literary devices in the novel "The Great Gatsby"?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
Is Polonius a sociopathic opportunistic old fool?
What is socio-historical approach in literature?
What literary devices are used in choices by Allen Steble?
What do you think are the main objectives and content of literature?
What are some examples of characteristics found in Indian literature?
What are some of the most beautiful poems about the spring season?
What is the genre of writing that references a writer or other literary works?
What is a good love poem for valentine?
What is the way to start and write the long answer questions asked in ISC English literature?
What is the best freethinking or deistic book you have ever read?
Is it worth making our self-made notes in English literature if we need to learn it well so that we could remember it during the exams?
What are some characteristics of the tragedy genre in literature?
What are the best literature programs in Europe?
What are some of the best English literature introduction books for non natives English learners?
Which book is good to start to gain interest in reading novels?
How do I write a research proposal about post-colonial literature and identity?
What is the Angry Young Man concept in English literature?
Would you write your own acrostic poem, phrase, or sentence? for example,
Is Pasolini's poetry as good as his films?
What would be an interesting topic to write about anatomy for SLR (scientific literature review)?
Who do you think is the most unsung literary genius in the history of mankind?
What is the Indian government doing to digitise old Sanskrit literature?
What are some examples of reversed thoughts in literature?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
What poems and prose will come in ISC 2017?
What do Salamano and his dog represent in the Stranger?
Is Pushkin's "Eugene Onegin" an ironical writing; a parody of other texts, literary styles, and character cliches?
Is The Great Gatsby the best American novel of the 20th century?
What is a good novel to start with if I like fantasy books and dystopian books?
Which are the best literature based websites?
What are some tips for analyzing a poem?
I want to study Fresnel integrals for a piece of work, does anyone know of a good piece of literature I could read to help my understanding of them?
How do you analyze a poem?
Is the movie Sawshank Redemption inspired by a story, written by Leo Tolstoy?
What are some good examples of kennings in literature?
In George Orwell's Animal Farm, Does Old Major represent Lenin and his dream he had before he died represent Karl Marx?
Are there any songs that could be used during the fight between Tybalt and Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet?
How can co-relate literature with environment?
What are the similarities between drama, prose, and poetry?
Has anyone read the book by Dmitry Dobrovolsky, "The Faithful Steward"?
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
What are some of the best novels, written by POC Authors?
Would you suggest a good name for a poem which describes that you got spectacles?
What is the influence of drama in the progress of literature?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Which are the best selling novels of all time?
What is the theme of the short story – Lottery by Munshi Premchand?
Is Shakespeare the greatest writer that ever lived?
What are 10 must-read books for corporate employees?
Are there any good short stories about a suicidal AI?
What are the methods and techniques that you use to analyse literature more thoroughly?
In your opinion what language has the best literature?
Did Caliph Omar Bin Khattab ordered burning the Library of Alexandria and Sassanid literature?
Which is the longest/lengthiest book review ever written?
How can I become a famous author?
What are the historical and contextual reasons that helped to consolidate the "Mal du siècle" feelings in the 19th century?
Are there any "Red Dawn scenario" books from Warsaw Pact perspetive?
Should I write a small chapbook of my poetry about abuse?
What is cloture (context)?
What are the top 10 novels written by Agatha Christie?
What poems would you suggest me to read?
What is the perspective in the poem Australia 1970 by Judith Wright? And what are the representations?
How did writers such as Jane Austen and other 18th century writers make a living?
What is the difference between elite and popular literature?
What are the best literature reviews?
If such a place were to exist, would you attend and spend your life at Hesse's "Waldzell"?
What is the meaning of this sentence in Middlemarch?
What are some examples of euphemism in literature?
Can literary and management be related?
How exactly is literature thought provoking? Will you help me understand?
How young can someone be to translate "Don Quixote" yourself?
How easy was it for African Americans to publish literature during the 19th century?
Are all the “Picture of Dorian Gray” new editions the original version?
What is the setting in Fire and Ice poem by Robert Frost?
What are some of the similar novels of 1984by George Orwell?
Can anyone give me examples of characters in poems?
How can one develop their reading interest in books, novels, article or something?
How can I get better at remembering poems?
What is the meaning of ethnic literature?
What are the different themes found in literature?
How are different types of mood applied in literature?
What happened at the last in the Chandrakanta novel?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
Which is the most beautiful concept of Physics you have ever read?
What is your take on Maya Angelou's literature?
Is it a good idea to start learning Tamil literature by reading Ponniyin Selvan everyday?
Why is Valmiki considered the he harbinger-poet in Sanskrit literature?
How should I manage to compete my English literature and novel of class 12th in 5 days? Is it possible or not?
How can I stay engaged reading complex literature?
What are your favorite classic books written by women?
What does the line 'In the fell clutch of circumstance' mean in the poem 'Invictus'?
How can I understand scansion in poetry?
When authors write literature, do they mean to have their work analyzed? (Do they purposely create metaphors, symbols, motifs etc.)?
What is an example of a dramatic situation in poetry?
Would the Harry Potter series be different if all the principal characters were black instead of white?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
Where can I find "to kill a mockingbird" free epub ?
I love to write quotes and poetry but how can I showcase it?
How is 21st century poetry?
Why do people consider chopped-up prose poetry?
What is the most read book by Philip Kerr?
In Romeo and Juliet, Act 2 Scene 2, are Romeo and Juliet being rational? Why, or why not?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
How can the intended audience of an article be determined?
Is it bad to have read erotic novels at the age of thirteen-fourteen?
How will the art and literature change in the future and how will it impact the jobs in those fields?
Was it Oscar Wilde's "Happy Prince" referred to someone in real life?
What does one mean by "literary embellishments"?
Which are the some best English writings that everyone must read?
Who are the heros of African literature?
How are you feeling?
What do you think of Matthew Sweeney`s style of poetry?
What are some example of syllepsis in literature?
Is it worth learning Russian to read Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace"?
How did italicized text become associated with emphasis in literature?
What are some internal conflicts found in literature?
What are some literary studies in jealousy?
What are the four types of conflicts in literature?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What do you think are the main objectives and content of literature?
What is the genre of writing that references a writer or other literary works?
What's the difference between classical literature and literature of recent times?
What are the best works by Bedrich Smetana?
What are some good poems you have?
Which word would I rhyme in the phrase "you found it" when writing a Shakespearean sonnet in iambic pentameter?
Which is the best declaration of love in literature, according to you?
What are some famous novels where fire is a large theme?
Did Miss Havisham, from Dicken's Great Expectations, ever wash herself or change her clothes?
What are the best and authentic educational websites to prepare English Literature Notes?
Why is classic literature more valuable than popular literature?
Would you write your own acrostic poem, phrase, or sentence? for example,
What were the characteristics of realism in literature?
What is falling action in literature?
What would be an interesting topic to write about anatomy for SLR (scientific literature review)?
I've been reading a bit of Edgar Allan Poe, and it's kind of boring. What are some stories that are a bit more modern?
Is Tyrion Lannister dead in the book?
What is the line to line explanation of poem "The village schoolmaster" written by Oliver Goldsmith?
Are there any interesting (with historical or literary importance) old erotic tales (mainly asian)? Are the tales in The Handmaiden movie real?
What should I do after 12th if I am interested in Literature?
What are the different ways in which literature can help us in life?
Who was Julius Ceasar?
Where can you find good libraries in the world of English literature?
What poems and prose will come in ISC 2017?
Is The Great Gatsby the best American novel of the 20th century?
Were George Orwell's novels inspired from Stalin's way of Governance?
What is a good novel to start with if I like fantasy books and dystopian books?
What is the meaning of the last stanza of the poem 'Invictus'?
How is a dramatic situation in poetry described?
What are the best ebooks on poetry?
What is best time to read a book?
What is the best textbook about American literature and poetry?
What are some examples of qualities that make literature good?
How does Oscar Wilde enact his idea of performance in real life and in his writings?
I remember reading a book about a Chinese farmer who moves from the north to the south into the city and gets wealthy but I can't remember the name?
In George Orwell's Animal Farm, Does Old Major represent Lenin and his dream he had before he died represent Karl Marx?
What are some of your self-written Hindi poems?
Any comments on The Galloping Ghosts ?
How can co-relate literature with environment?
Where can I find contemporary short stories?
Does understanding poetry make you a better creative writer?
Which is the best poem on abortion of girl child?
What are some of the best novels, written by POC Authors?
When referring to a deceased person, should it be 'late' XYZ or 'the' late XYZ?
What are some good poetry techniques?
Is free verse poetry contrived or does it flow from the soul?
What are the universal symbols in literature?
What is the reason why antithesis is used in literature?
Have you ever written a novel? If so, what is the biggest experience that it provided you?
What are some great poems about self destruction and ambition?
What's with all the "best-seller" books nowadays? Is it just a label used to attract buyers or is there any benchmark or sort?
What are some American websites/forums where I can read the lastest short stories?
How can literature influence politics?
Which book I must read to know theatre?
According to the literature, what did Lord Murugan (Karthikeya) mean by "Sutta pazham" and "Sudaatha pazham"?
How can Act 1 Scene1 of the Tempest by Shakespeare be written in modern language?
Which poets are known to make compositions on light topics?
What is the best strategy for questioning a poem like "I like to see it lap the miles”?
What are some of the best Greek Literature and poems?
How do poets establish the speaker's point of view throughout the poem by the use of techniques such as structure, tone, word choice, and sound devices?
What is your favorite Shakespeare character to play?
What was Shakespeare's opinion of free will?
How do you take notes from a poem?
What music fits well with reading some Czech literature (Kundera, Hrabal etc.)?
There's an essay about the importance of giving clear directions since many disasters have occurred due to miscommunication. What's the essay called?
Am I the only one who has read this Stephen King short story?
What is a short poem on globalization?
Are there intelligence overlaps to become a musical genius like Williams, Rahman or Zimmer, and a literary genius like Shakespeare, Tolstoy or King?
Is romance poetry the only poetry ever loved or valued? Do we have a platform for a non-romantic poetry?
What's the best way to find a publisher for a poetry book?
Generally, what is good poetry like to a literary critic?
Has there been a bestseller written by someone who doesn't like to read books?
Are there any fictional or literary characters very similar in personality to Jason Bourne and also have a similar life to that of the films?
How can I be a fast reader? Even if I read more books, I am doubtful if I can read faster.
What is The Trial by Franz Kafka about?
Where can I get the Hindi poetry books as ebook?
Which is the best novel to read to develop marketing skills?
How do you get through a book in one day?
What is a literary agent?
What was the purpose of the coyote in The Wars by Timothy Findley?
How can I publish my Hindi poems and story?
What are the most common characteristics of fables?
How can a country quickly increase the quantity and quality of its cultural output?
Did you find fun and enjoyment again after reading Dostoevsky?
What are the funniest dragons in literature?
What is a foot in poetry and what are some examples?
Where can I get the critical analysis of all poems written by prominent poets?
Do you buy books written by male authors centered around female protagonists? Why or why not?
What was your first reaction after you finished readig The Prince's Tale?
Where can I find classic Hindi novels and poetries, in Pune.?
What are the top five books by African authors one must read?
How is the life of an English Literature student?
What is the difference between the conflict and resolution in literature?
With his writings and performance travels many people must have met William Shakespeare. Why is so little known about him?
What distinguishes a poem from other types of writing?
What were some characteristics of Transcendentalist poems?
What are some examples of a fear of death/mortality in The Great Gatsby?
What are the different fields one can take after BA English literature?
Where did the gentleman criminal archetype originate? Do gentleman criminals exist?
What did Nietszche mean by "God is Dead"?
Which Tamil poem you love the most?
Which is the most heartbreaking poem you have ever written?
How can one interpret the poem "The Mushroom Gatherers" by Donald Davie?
How am I supposed to read poetry?
What are some must read Spanish fiction novels ?
What are some examples of anachronism in literature?
What is emprical literature review?
If my book's plot was Hindu and Chinese gods in a war, would that be offensive?
What is the difference between AP English Language and AP English Literature?
What are some works of literature which are read by the alt-right?
What is a poetry slam?
What is the time frame from Orwells "1984". If it was started 9 days ago?
What is your favorite passage or excerpt from literature and what does it mean to you?
In Albert Camus' novel 'The Stranger', what effect does all the cross talk and noise have, during Marie's visit?
How do you write a summary of a poem?
What is the best (or at least effective) way to make a teenager interested in reading books?
How do you analyze/critique a poem?
Are we done creating great works of literature?
Who said/wrote these words: "The West is an open country as far as the eye can see; no walls, no borders, no future beyond what we maketh of thee."?
What are some good unexpected death poems?
How can I get university text books for political science and English literature?
What are some examples of imagery in poetry?
Do some chemists read chemical equations the way normal people read literature?
Is there any noteworthy gay-themed Australian literature?
What are the major components that make up an author's "voice"?
What's with all the "best-seller" books nowadays? Is it just a label used to attract buyers or is there any benchmark or sort?
What are some American websites/forums where I can read the lastest short stories?
What are some of the best graphic novels to read for newcomers?
What is motivation in literature?
What are some old novels which closely predict the current technologies and way of life?
How would literature become bad for you?
Do Iranians people like old Indian poetry?
Who was the author of the poem about a duck asking "got any grapes"?
What are some examples of parables in literature?
Which are some books that should be read if one wants to become a writer?
What is the oldest form of literature?
What is the main idea of the poem water is a lovely thing?
How many nonfiction books do you read nowadays every month?
"Literature is not a game for the cloistered elect, the tinhorn mendicants of low calorie despair." What does "low calorie despair" mean?
How is the poem ‘The Professor’ by Nissim Ezekiel a satire on Indian society?
What are some must read Spanish fiction novels ?
What are literary hooks?
What does it feel like to write erotic literature?
Where can we find good literature on overlaying?
Would Ernest Hemingway use emojis?
What are your favourite Persian poems?
What is emprical literature review?
What are the differences between Renaissance and the Enlightenment in terms of literature?
What are some literary sources of ancient history?
What is a recipe poem and what are some examples?
Is the book "The Prince" a good read?
Where can I find the poem "Mistress of my own being" by Ifi Amadiume?
What are some great poem with lot of literary device?
What are some great poems about self destruction and ambition?
Are there any authors similar to Jonathan Carroll?
What are some of the best Greek Literature and poems?
Which Goddesses does Fuller mention in "Woman of the Nineteenth Century"?
Can you read this Victor Hugo poem in French?
How should I understand the Irish folk song 'Red is the Rose'?
What are some specific examples of literary devices in "Death of a Salesman"?
What are some examples of internal conflicts in literature?
Which are the best haunted novels in Hindi literature or Hindi translation of English novels?
What is the theme of 2017 Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF)?
How is it possible to do a Marxist reading of Moby Dick?
How is the life of an English Literature student?
What are the main characteristics of an epic hero found in the poem "Beowulf"?
Can I send poetry to The Hindu?
Which is the most effective form to read for learning vocabulary, fiction, nonfiction, or the news?
What are some examples of structural irony?
Can anybody provide me the translation of a good poem by Rashtrakavi Kuvempu?
Where did the gentleman criminal archetype originate? Do gentleman criminals exist?
What are the different aspects of poetry?
Which is the best encouraging poem yet?
Which is the most heart touching poem you ever read?
Does reading literature help us develop empathy for those unlike ourselves, or is that asking too much of it?
What is a list of literature you feel any intelligent person in art & film has to have?
What is Chaucer's contribution to Engtish Literature?
How are Shakespeare's plays traditionally classified?
Does reading literature help us better understand ourselves?
How should I frame an adept literature answer?
Where can I buy the Matter of Britain, the Matter of Rome, and the matter of France stories?
What is the dominant quality of Matthew Arnold's poetry?
Who said/wrote these words: "The West is an open country as far as the eye can see; no walls, no borders, no future beyond what we maketh of thee."?
Are you following "Nepal Literature Festival-2017"? What do you feel about it?
What are some examples of literary hooks?
What influenced the Victorian literature?
Which research topic should you take for an M.Phil (English Literature) if you want to take "Optimism in African poetry"?
What are some examples of good poems containing literary devices?
Are there any stories or novels that are similar to The Great Gatsby and Flowers for Algernon that I should read?
Who are the top 10 must read writers in literature?
Why does everyone like "The Catcher in the Rye" and "Of Mice and Men"?
Which Pakistani authors would you recommend for reading?
Has there been a bestseller written by someone who doesn't like to read books?
Are there any fictional or literary characters very similar in personality to Jason Bourne and also have a similar life to that of the films?
What does the poem "Penelope" by Dorothy Parker symbolize?
What are the most famous pieces of African literature?
How do you get through a book in one day?
How do you develop good taste for high class arts: literature, drama, movies, music, etc.?
What if you tell Kierkegaard "You are just tired. Have some rest. Everything is ok”?
How extensive are the chansons de geste?
What are the novels in English you must read before die?
What distinguishes a poem from other types of writing?
Do you like the book The Little Prince, and why?
How can one interpret the poem "The Mushroom Gatherers" by Donald Davie?
What is the theme of the poem obstacle?
Which is the best comedy novel written by an Indian author in English?
What are some good examples of subversive literature/poetry from China?
What are some good examples of plots that depict white supporting character helping a POC protagonist without falling into "white savior" cliche?
How do you see the future of Hindi literature in India?
What are the different forms of literature?
How do I get 5 in AP English literature?
What is the best (or at least effective) way to make a teenager interested in reading books?
Can you compose a short humorous poem right now from nothing?
How does Shakespeare use form and structure in Macbeth?
How can I get university text books for political science and English literature?
Has Oscar Wilde written any novels?
What does refrain represent in a literary device?
What are some examples of sensory poems?
Which are the best literature college in Bangalore?
Is there a psychic power such as mental dominance? As in Stephen King's novel, Firestarter?
What is a poetic device? Is it the same as a literary device?
According to one reviewer the matrix is like a modern day allegory of the cave. Why?
Where can I find, when they do exist, the personal reading and writing notes from the great Russian and French authors?
What is literature review in the scientific method?
What are sonnet components?
When referring to a deceased person, should it be 'late' XYZ or 'the' late XYZ?
What are some examples of symbols used in literature?
How did you come to read your favorite book?
What are some examples of a fear of death/mortality in The Great Gatsby?
What are some examples of motivation in literature?
What did Nietszche mean by "God is Dead"?
How am I supposed to read poetry?
What books do students who are studying Literature at the university read?
What are some common characteristics of African literature?
What are the most influential books in literature?
Who is the author of the Marathi novel, Pavna Kathcha Dhondi?
In ten words or less, what is your favorite poem?
What are some good books about: literature influence on history and the world?
How can I write poems containing literary devices in them?
How many books can one read in their lifetime?
What is a good analysis of the poem "Continuum" by Allen Curnow?
What are the literary forms found in the Bible?
How does literature help us explore alternate lives and worlds?
What are some must-read books for new readers?
Who is the best playwright except Shakespeare?
How the characters of books are important to society?
What makes the book "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" a classic?
Where can I watch the Jaipur Literature Festival’s debate videos?
What is the reason why Shakespeare use the supernatural theme in "Macbeth"?
How would you explain alliteration in literature?
What is the most inspiring book ever written?
What is the complete meaning of the poem I Have a Rendezvous with Death? Do you have any idea how to make a video based on that poem?
Does Dante's Divine Comedy resonate with non-western audiences?
What books are so interesting that you stay up late to read them？
What is suspense in literature?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
What are some ideas for satire writing?
How do you self study for the AP English Literature and composition exam?
Are people losing interest in reading and writing poems nowadays? Why?
What is the relationship between literature and the English language?
In what year did Maya Angelo write the 1993 inaugural poem?
How does the tone of a poem change?
What is the advantage of reading classic novels for a girl in her 20s?
Can you do a master's in Comparative Literature without knowing another language?
Is it true that Haruki Murakami isn't as popular in Japan as in the West because his works display critical thought?
What is so cool about the opening sentence of 1984 by George Orwell?
What are some famous or classic short stories in English with patriotism as a theme?
Do you agree or disagree that men today have the same characteristics as Prufrock displayed in Eliot’s poem?
What are poetic devices used in Ozymandias?
What's it like to be a worn out genius?
What ancient languages (before 1 AD) have the most complete pieces of literature preserved?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
What are literary compositions?
What's the most awkward poem?
Are their any novel/Literature analysis blogs and YouTube channels?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
How good is Assam University for PhD in English Literature?
Why do almost all of the people who listen to music, have interests in dance, literature, and art?
What are some of the best literatures of India irrespective of languages?
What are examples of pathetic fallacy in literature?
What was Lebjadkin's letter to Lembke in "The Devils" about?
What are the characteristics of romantic poetry?
What are the best books you've ever read? Why?
What is a good example of a loose sentence in literature?
How do fables and folktales differ?
What is irony?
Why are some of Stephen King's works so sadistic?
When having read 'Crime and punishment' and 'Demons', is reading 'Notes from the Underground' still providing new insights?
What is the connection between Macbeth and 1984?
Any thesis title recommendation related to children's literature?
How do stanzas work in literature?
Which non-fiction books should I read to uplift my spirits and realize my true potential if I feel that I am about to slip into depression?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
If you could choose which required books your students read, which would they be?
What is the diffrence between men booker prize and men booker international prize?
What are some common applications for literary hooks?
How long did it take Orwell to write 1984?
How can I read 500 pages of a book in a day?
What is the best literary description of a battle you have ever read?
In Alcott’s novel, Little Women, how does Jo challenge the traditional role of women during her time period?
What poem does Holden Caulfield refer to in "The Catcher in the Rye"?
What fiction books are best for an 11-year-old boy who loves encyclopaedias, maths, and science?
Is the legend of Faust more English than German?
Which authors have the most original styles?
Are there saved copies of the 300 or so novels Dumas has written?
Is "Michael" the novel by Joseph Goebbels a good read?
Is there a sangam poem for Pongal?
What are some examples of third person points of view in literature?
What is English literature about?
In which literary work Bertold Brecht affirms "They privatize your life, your work, your love hour, and your right to think"?
What is the best digital edition of Shakespeare?
Who are the important masochist figures in world literature, opera and theater plays?
What do you absolutely hate about something you love?
What are the most influential literary compositions in history?
Why does imitation takes a great role in literature?
Does "Behold X, in all X's glory" refer to something?
How do I design a character in a novel/ short story?
Which Indian political scenario/incidences you can relate with George Orwell’s famous novel ‘Animal Farm’?
To what extent were the writers of the Enlightenment self-aware of their own movement?
What uses do poets give to imagery?
What are formal/literary terms to describe the "use of false insults"? I'm assuming it's a fallacy, but I'm unsure.
What are some hints as to how to read a poem syntactically?
How were the literary and artistic works of Greece illustrate cultural values?
How can I pursue journalism after BA in English literature?
Why haven't government of India recommended Haldhar Nag's name to Nobel in literature?
Can anyone summarise Macbeth act 5 in about 100 words?
Who is your favorite classic novel author, and why?
What are the novels you found amazing and would recommend to others?
What is a motif in poetry?
How good is literature course in IGNOU?
Is it possible to have 2 careers at the same time? Two that aren't even remotely related to each other?
How can doing bachelor in English literature will help you in UPSC?
Would an English major be considered for someone that's interested in poetry?
What are postcolonial literatures?
Is the Bible worth reading from a non religious stand point, but more for the value in the literature?
Is there any ancient gay work of literature besides Satyricon?
What are some common examples of assonance in literature?
What are some cliche examples in literature?
Which is the best literature based TV series?
What are the greatest English-language novels of all time that have less than 400 pages?
What are the characteristics of the 3 types of irony?
How will you modify the classic "roses are red" poem in your own way?
Why is the Oresteia a tragedy if it has a happy ending?
What are some good examples of formalism in literature?
What is the heroic code in the poem "Beowulf"?
What are some examples of direct characterization in literature?
Do you think I should put "my name before my eyes” or “the name before my eyes” in this poem?
How can I write transcendental poetry?
Do you know of any famous Chick Lit writer couples?
Which writing style implies when a person said something while doing something?
Are there any books about themes and symbols and what they mean in literature or in general?
Who is the most popular and influential writer of classic literature in the US?
After doing NET PhD in English literature in India would I get job?
I read a Tamil novel that is a romantic story of two characters named Shakthi Vasni and Sebi Raj. What is the name of the novel and the writer?
What do you think is the meaning behind the following poem?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
"The human face is, after all, nothing more nor less than a mask". What does this quote mean?
What are some examples of didactic literature?
Why is it significant that Lady Macbeth has the last line in act 1 scene 5?
Can you learn more about life from classic literature than going to school?
To all who have jobs, how often do opportunities of corruption present themselves? How easy would it have been to get away with such corruption?
How can I publish my Indian spiritual literature, which I have translated into Russian?
What are examples of literary devices used in "Ozymandias"?
Have you had any experience hosting a Shakespeare Reading party?
What is a poem that could be considered "opposite" to the Charge of the light brigade poem?
What should literature help us do?
What is a good compromise between sciences and literature?
Would Mark Twain be considered Southern or Northern literature?
What is 'sensible costs and alternatives' in medical research literature?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
What are the characteristics of historical fiction?
Who is your favorite erotic Chick Lit writer? Why?
What is the best didactic poetry?
Which is the best modern English translation of Shakespeare's works?
Will there ever be a wheel of time movie?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
What books should i read if I want to be well read?
What are some examples of limericks poems?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
What artistic movement will replace Postmodernism?
My mom found a lesbian novel in my backpack and confiscated it, saying that it was "wrong". What can I do to get it back?
What exactly do you study in literature (eng hons.)?
What is the first principle of poetry?
Who distributes literature, poetry, and theater in Spanish?
What is an example of a transcendental poetry?
What are the literary devices found in Hamlet act 1?
What were the highlights of Jaipur Literature Festival 2017?
What is the title of your favorite poem?
Why did Animal Farm by George Orwell never got any true recognition/value in today’s society?
What are the different types of sonnets?
What are some important themes found in Renaissance literature?
Are English literature tests fair to autistic students?
Who is Brad Gooch?
Who is Ashley Judd's favorite author?
Can you think of a real life structure similar to the windmill in Animal Farm?
What are some cool poem ideas about marriage?
As a student of Literature, which version of Bible should I pick up to familiarise myself with the countless allusions from Bible that occur in books?
How is the structure of Sonnet 130?
What exactly does one study in literature (English honors)?
How do I improve my ability to produce strong and powerful writings?
How many pages do I need to write for ISC English literature for 20 marks in the booklet?
Which story in the Mahabharata has similar elements to Shakespeare's Macbeth?
In Prometheus, by Franz Kafka, what is the major theme?
What are some short stories that are similar to "Death of the Moth" by Virginia Woolf?
What are the characteristics of the types of conflict in literature?
If you were to pick a food to symbolize Nick Carraway from The Great Gatsby, what would it be?
What should I do with the English poems and songs that I had written?
Is there any evidence that Ophelia was pregnant?
What free online videos should everyone watch?
Do youngsters read Rabindranath Tagore now?
What is a good analysis on efficacy?
Why is the knothole filled with cement in the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the best famous birthday poem?
What is the summary of poem "The mouse and the snake" by Vikram seth?
What are some examples dialect in literature?
In Borges's short story Ulrikke, who is Anna whom De Quincey seeked among the crowds of London?
What is the meaning of the poem of Adelgitha by Thomas campbell?
Is all of literature essentially just stories that represent a particular philosophy?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
Why has Osho not conferred the Nobel Prize in Literature yet?
Who is your favorite author amongst the Brontes?
What are the personality traits of the King from 'Till We Have Faces'?
What are the characteristics of a novella?
What are famous books of Marathi literature in Hindi?
Do fiction readers love Ruskin Bond and his works? Why do most of them have Chetan Bhagat and Amitav as their favourite?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Love" by Roy Croft?
Does this poem I wrote make sense?
What is meant by the reference "to kill a mockingbird"?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
Is it true that Rand al'Thor is little present and does small feats from the fourth to twelfth book?
Would anyone say "there's the rub" today if Shakespeare hadn't written it into Hamlet?
What are benefits of memorising poetry?
As an American Literature major, what should I be doing in my own time to add to my education?
Is there a good book that covers the best short stories on political intrigues?
Does someone know resources to learn French with the main purpose of read French and Belgian poetry, literature?
How are denotations and connotations used in literature?
How do you read some?
Where is the poem in the final problem from?
What is your review of the book "Against democracy" by Jason Brennan?
What is the most common allusion in literature?
What are some good quotes from William Shakespeare?
Why isn't classic literature taught in American high schools?
Are there parallels between Donald Trump and Charles Foster Kane?
Which poetic devices are used by WB Yeats in his poems "Death", "Mohini Chatterjee", "The Second Coming", and "The Supernatural Songs"?
Why do a lot of books start their chapters with the first letter being giant?
What are the stories of people returning home from the Trojan war?
What are some of the most important characteristics of modern literature?
Why isn't Dostoevsky mainstream like Dickens, Austen or Orwell?
What does this quote from "No Good Deed" (novel) mean?
What is literature survey in review?
Is it necessary for those who are doing an English Honours degree to fall in love with books?
Can you give me feedback on my poem and blog?
What does the scene from Carl Sagan's Contact mean, where Ellie asks her father why he shaved at night when no one would know he had shaved?
What is the Purgatorio of Dante's Divine Comedy all about?
What are some perfectly explained situations via poems?
Where can I find people who translate my great poem and philosophy book from Persian to English or France?
Should depressed people view the works of depressed artists?
What is the first autobiography ever written by any person in the world?
How is the good vs. evil theme present in "Beowulf"?
What are the thems and motifs of The Winter's Tale by William Shakespeare?
Why was the book Crime and punishment written?
Which is the best Autobiography ever written by any person in the world?
How is feminism represented in American poetry?
Who are some interesting Victorian era characters?
Where can I find a summary of Abraham Cowley’s Against Hope poem?
How do you introduce literary genres?
What is the Sentry poem about?
Which nomenclature of an organization or an association is correct? Is it literary society or literature society?
Are there any movie or literature examples of a boy using his power to get sex?
If every book on Earth would soon be destroyed and you could only save five books in the world, which books would you save and why?
What are some examples of literary patronage?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are the best small logical programs you have ever written?
Does history offer more accurate picture of society than literature?
What British literature has Christian overtones but is not Christian?
What are some of the most common examples of satire in "The Crucible"?
Is there a structure behind Rumi's poetry or is it all mainly free form?
What is a cohesive device? What are some examples?
What is the Regency period in literature?
What is the purpose of a dramatic question?
What great books have you read that aren’t best sellers or classics, but that you consider to be hidden gems?
Which words were made famous, or originated in, literary pieces (especially famous ones)?
If you read every book ever written would you become the most knowledgable person ever?
Are you here? Are we here?
What is a viable business model for literary journals?
What are some examples of bad similes?
Who are the best literary writers on Quora?
What are the top five best Autobiographies ever written by any politician?
Why did Ezra Pound's early poems so markedly differ from The Cantos? How did his hospitalization figure into his stylistic shift?
What are the top ten written battles?
What books can I read that are similar to Gone with the Wind and that time period? I love southern literature and am curious for more great reads.
In The Great Gatsby, how does Fitzgerald convey the temporary nature of the guests relationships with one another through diction?
In the novel, was Gatsby entirely disillusioned at the end?
Where can I get the English translation of the Malayalam poem Gandhari Vilapam?
What literature would you recommend to read about the theory of political parties, especially for students?
What are the characteristics of the different forms of literature?
What are the most used dramatic devices?
How was Surrealism incorporated in American poetry?
What American authors are assigned reading in other countries?
How is mood defined in literature?
Which are the world's best books?
What are the characteristics of the structure of a poem?
How can we compare Plato's Republic with George Orwell's Animal Farm?
What is the Apothecary in "Romeo and Juliet"?
Is it reasonable for me to major in something because it's good for me?
Was Marlowe a great writer on level with Shakespeare?
How many novels did Charles Bukowski write?
If I wanted an introduction to Rumi's poetry, what books or era of works would you suggest?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
What's the main theme of Luis bunuel's the obsecure object of desire?
What does silver symbolize in literature?
How do I read and analyze a poem?
Did women of the past faint as much as period literature would suggest?
How known is Mihai Eminescu in other countries than Romania?
How does Quora make you feel?
Is Vellalar College good to do M.Phil in English Literature?
In To Kill A Mockingbird, why did Jem break Scout's baton after destroying Mrs Dubose's Camellias?
Why is the theme important in literature?
What are the types of drama in literature?
What have you found most interesting in English literature?
What are the best ways to lose my money?
What characteristics define refrain in poetry?
Which figure of speech is there in this line from a poem - ‘She is rich and rare land, oh! She is a fresh and fair land’?
What are some websites where you can share your literature?
If Victor Hugo had written a third book after "L'homme qui rit" and "Quatrevingt-treize", what would it have been about?
Did you ever deliver a silly old joke and get a shocking response?
What is the meaning of "leafy name" in Pablo Neruda's poem?
What are some ideas that prove that the novels Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights weren't written by the same author?
Is self-help literature usually effective and applicable? What are the self-help books that are really effective and applicable into everyday life?
What are some interesting facts of the four literary genres?
What are the must read poems for amateur poets? I've written some poems on my own but not really read much. Where should I start from?
What are the uses of literature research?
Have you read Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry? What did you think of it?
What is the meaning of mimetic criticism in literature?
What are some examples of abstract language in literature?
What are the literary devices in half a rupee worth by RK Narayan?
What is your favorite quotation from history or literature?
How do college students get help with English literature if no one offers to help them?
What is the summary of the poem 'The Two Friends' by Carolyn Wells?
What books should NO ONE read, because they change you for the worse?
How do I start and end an answer for ICSE English Literature Paper?
What is the meaning of the poem "The Wind--- tapped like a tired Man" by Emily Dickinson?
What's the meaning and significance of shoes in literature?
I'm ashamed to write that though I've studied at University, I have never read a Shakespeare play. Where do I start?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
Why is the oedipus complex so prevalent in literature analyses?
How does Charles Dickens present the character of Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol"?
What is it like to study the foreign language and literature in a country at undergraduate level with local students?
Why isn't Dostoevsky mainstream like Dickens, Austen or Orwell?
What's your favourite quote from Shakespeare's plays?
How can you create poems that inspire and provide strength?
What do you like most about the short stories by Ted Chiang?
How is the book 'An unsuitable boy' by Karan Johar?
Should depressed people view the works of depressed artists?
How can I learn literature for academic purposes?
What are some of the best novels written from a war victim's POV?
What are some of the most famous couples in literature?
Which books can be categorized as literary books?
What are the thems and motifs of The Winter's Tale by William Shakespeare?
How is gustatory imagery used in literature?
How is The Great Indian Novel?
How does we pass history paper in literature?
Why was the book Crime and punishment written?
What are the most challenging aspects of writing literary biographies?
Where can I find books by Shakespeare?
Can there be a poem without imagery?
What are some reasons why oxymoron is used in literature?
What's a synonym for memoir? But one that’s not very commonly used?
What is the Sentry poem about?
What is the best fan character you'v ever seen?
What are some best research proposals ever written?
What percentage takes an literary agent for a debut book?
Have you ever had a romance like Romeo and Juliet? How did it end?
Which short story collections mention Mullah Nasreddin?
Are there any screenplays in the form of a poem?
What current texts will be classics in fifty years; perhaps studied in English classes?
What are some examples of alliteration poems?
Is it Possible to Impart Medical and Health Education using Ancient literary Works?
What's the scifi short story name (& author) about a single AI ship racing to escape a conquering solar-system-wide overmind?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What are the best small logical programs you have ever written?
What is the function of stock characters in literature?
Is there a structure behind Rumi's poetry or is it all mainly free form?
What are your favorite modern and classic english literature books?
What does a pad mean in Hindi poetry?
Who infleuenced William Faulkner?
If you read every book ever written would you become the most knowledgable person ever?
What are some of the visual poetry you have written?
What are the good universities for mphil English literature in India?
What are some good poems about love, fighting fate, and the destructive nature of time?
What are some persuasive techniques found in modern literature?
How can I write an acrostic poem about school?
What are the top ten written battles?
Did George Orwell write in an allegorical style?
Where can I get the English translation of the Malayalam poem Gandhari Vilapam?
Which of Katherine Mansfield's short stories is your favourite and why?
Which is the most honest autobiography ever written?
Why is despair the root of all the world's greatest art and literature?
Which poem of yours do you like the most?
How does Arthur Miller use a literary work to critique society?
How does literature help us make sense of the unlikely human condition?
What are examples of implied author and implied reader in literature?
How would you describe Hester Prynne from "The Scarlet Letter"?
Why did my friend disapprove of Tolstoy? He immediately named many authors and told me "you should be reading books by them."
What is structure in English literature?
What are some facts of apocalyptic literature?
What are the most known literature masterpieces?
What are some examples of stock characters in literature?
What is the most recent piece of poetry you have written?
Was Marlowe a great writer on level with Shakespeare?
Can I become a good poet if I didn't study literature?
How many novels did Charles Bukowski write?
What are some examples of imagery poems?
What's your favorite literary book that you have read several times, and why is it your favourite?
Would a literature class be a requirement if you're interested in poetry?
Where and how should I seek qualified children literature writers?
What does the conflict in the book "Frankenstein" represent?
Is it possible to write pieces of literature without critiquing some aspect of society, as well as the author’s behaviors and needs?
What world literature should I read to feel well read?
Is there any university in Brazil which offers undergraduate English literature programs?
What do free verse poems do?
Did women of the past faint as much as period literature would suggest?
What are some examples of cheesy love poems?
Why does industrial economics literature assume that the utility is linear in prices?
What are the codes and conventions of a thriller?
How does Quora make you feel?
Is Shakespeare's "Taming of the Shrew" sexist?
How can I write an acrostic poem to a veteran?
Who loves writing poetry?
How do I analyse a poem?
Why do so many young people struggle with studying English literature?
What have you found most interesting in English literature?
What is a good symbol for the poem, Ballad of Biringham?
Which figure of speech is there in this line from a poem - ‘She is rich and rare land, oh! She is a fresh and fair land’?
What do you think is the most beautiful and wonderful inspirational and motivational poem ever?
What is the poetry scene like in 2017?
What are some great novels that are really fun to read, but are also considered excellent literature?
What are examples of literary devices in "Sonnet 29"?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
What's the most romantic letter ever written?
What are the books to read for CBSE NET English literature?
Is it okay to say that the Bible is your favourite fiction book?
What are some examples of postcolonial African literature?
Did you ever deliver a silly old joke and get a shocking response?
I've seen Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' read the original script, and the script of Hamlet. Which Shakespeare play should I read next?
Why do black people consider Uncle Tom's Cabin to be offensive?
What are the best literary sites to explore in the U.K.?
Can we read Shiv purana as a book?
Is self-help literature usually effective and applicable? What are the self-help books that are really effective and applicable into everyday life?
What seems simple yet is indescribably complex?
What exactly happened in The Lost Jewels?
Am I missing out if I don't do English Literature as a GCSE?
Have you read Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry? What did you think of it?
Are the books Machado de Assis too hard for foreigners?
What does road symbolize in literature?
What is the poem The Sentry about?
What are the themes of Robinson Crusoe?
What do I do if someone stole my literature?
What is the importance of the main conflict in "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee?
Does Truman Capote's novel "In Cold Blood" respect the topic of the Clutters' murder or does it dramatize/romanticize it?
Which is Sristi's best poetry collection?
How can I write cheesy love poems?
How many PhD in English literature are there in the world?
Should James Michener have won the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Is David Foster Wallace's craft overrated and pretentious?
In the poem "Thanatopsis", what literary devices were used?
Why is Great expectations written in first person?
Is a postcolonial reading of African-American literature appropriate?
What's wrong with Young Adult literature?
What are some great and easy to read classic books by non-British, non-American authors?
Which is the best order to read Zigmunt Bauman's books? I'm concerned with the logical and to do not repeat concepts, and not the cronological order.
How do we critically analyse the poem “Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night”?
Is The Great Gatsby a story of obsessive, irrational love?
Critically analyze the poem Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night considering the literary tools the poet has used?
Do you remember precisely the contents of a book you read years ago?
What is traditional poetry, and what are some examples?
What are some of William Wordsworth's poems and what is an explanation of each?
I'm in the strangely specific mood for a mature high fantasy novel with superpowers in it. What do you recommend?
Has anyone in a research group ever written an internal guide for the newcomers?
I am a student of the science stream, but I want to take a BA in English or literature in India. Which universities should I apply for?
What is so good about the book 1984?
What is the author talking about in the introduction of the naked lunch?
How are flashbacks used as literary devices?
What are some similes in "The Lightning Thief"?
How do I get a literary agent for children's books?
What is the theme of the poem I ran into a stranger?
What is the poem: "The Summer Day" by Mary Oliver about?
How do you call the act of rewriting a novel you've already published?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
Do you have a story of being the sun instead of the wind in Aesop's fable?
How can I write a traditional love poem?
Which are some short story collections that speak about immigrant experience by male writers?
What is your favorite villainous team or organization?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
What is the US dollars equivalent of the ransom in Macbeth?
Can you read my poem?
What is some of the best works of medieval literature?
Would you read memoir of an ordinary person?
What are the best works of Tamil writer S.Ramakrishnan?
What are some poems from the Romantic era that have to do with wanting more?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
Why would Joseph Conrad write Heart of Darkness as a framed story?
Does anyone disagree with any of these three moral propositions? If so, why?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
What are some short examples of foreshadowing?
What is the significance of the Gulmohar in Dushyant Kumar's poem?
Why does Gregor die in the book "the Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
What is a stock character in a story?
Is the Qur'an considered a great piece of literature?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
What are some famous quotations on literature?
What are some examples of traditional love poems?
How do I market books that I've written?
How do you prepare for the entrances for an M.A. in English literature?
How can I learn American literature?
As a professional author do you enjoy reading books of other authors in your genre? Or, do you get tied up in analyzing it?
Is there any difference between Commonwealth and Postcolonial literature?
What was the meaning of the ending of The Sympathizer?
What is the difference between M.A. in 'English', 'English Literature' and 'Literatures in English' in EFLU?
Which are the best Indian written English novels?
What is the best short story that you have read by Ernest Hemingway?
What makes a good reader?
What is Ogden Nash's most famous poem? Why is it so famous?
How can I find out the grammar, or to be precise, the association between words in poems in a learned foreign language?
What are some good ABC poem examples?
Does anyone want to buy some novels?
What can a high school junior do to get ready for studying English Literature?
What is a good short story about meeting someone new or discovering a new culture?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
Why did Joseph Murphy name his book The Power of Your Subconscious Mind instead of a Bible reference?
What are the major aspects of the Victorian literature?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
What are some examples of short sonnets?
Would you recommend Daniel Schwabauer's one year adventure novel program?
Which universities should I apply for M.A. in English Literature?
How are the 5 different genres of literature explained?
How can I find the analysis of yeats's poem when you are old?
Which is the most grammatically hard book, with the oldest language, written by William Shakespeare?
What is the best character you've ever written?
What is the main theme and problem in "the Metamorphosis"? Is it family related or is it life and death related?
I wish to illustrate meaningful stories for a living. Where should I begin?
What are some metaphors found in the poem "The Highwayman"?
How can I write instead of buying and reading books?
What is the best way to conduct literature search in Pharmacovigilance?
What are some of the best wedding readings from literature?
Which is the most popular poetry in the USA?
What are some criminal characters with genius-level intellect in literature?
What was the name of the Hindi short story where a fan of a writer happens to be on the same train? He irritates the author during the entire journey.
What is John Cheever's literary legacy?
What are the most most common, fundamental, and frequently used literary plot inconsistencies and improbable facts that we accept?
William Shakespeare is the worst writer. Why and why not?
What song best describes the poem Ozymandias by Percy Bysshe Shelley?
What is the difference between traditional and modern poetry?
What is an example of an acrostic poem about school?
Which books written in the last 10-15 years will in the future be considered classics?
How do I start reading a novel with a very heavy (and old) vocabulary?
What are some things you can say in a poem that you can't say in a novel?
Which are some of the most beautifully written books?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
Why did Joseph Conrad write Heart of Darkness?
Did the writer Stephen King ever reunite with his father?
What is your favorite hip hop album?
What are the features of romantic poetry?
Can there ever be too much symbolism in a story?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
What makes the great artists of the past great?
What are examples of didactic poems?
What exactly is a literature review in a thesis?
What are some examples of invective in literature?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What are examples of Chinese fables? What is the meaning behind them?
I'm not sure whether I should read and analyze A Study in Scarlet or The Valley of Fear for a literary analysis paper. Which should I do?
Why did Macbeth feel guilty after killing the king in William Shakespeare's play?
What are the best books to read in philosphy?
What is some good literature for writing a term paper on radix sort?
What are some epic stories with a family rivalry?
Which kind of short stories are in trend now?
What are examples of dramatic forms?
What is a literary device for "running out of time"?
What are some examples of farce in literature?
Will there ever be a rewrite of Charles Dickens's books with a modern setting?
What are some tips on how to read a book in an efficient way?
What is the study of literature called?
What is the funniest sentence in all of literature?
Can English literature student become a journalist after the completion of his degree from literature?
As a poetry fan, what would you love to see in a poetry book?
Who wrote the quote "When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew."?
How can I write an imagery poem?
What influenced Billy Collins poetry?
What is the message behind the poem "Let America be America again"?
What are similar books to the Bible?
What are some examples of profound modern poetry?
I'm a fan of Lee Child's, Stieg Larsson's, James Patternson's and Jo Nesbo's books. Which criminal's author should I try next?
What are some settings in "The Tell-Tale Heart" by Edgar Allan Poe?
What are best stories (short stories or novels) on magician tricks (except books like Harry Potter)?
What are the main themes in Australian poetry?
What is the meter/rhythm of the poem "Jamaica market"?
Why is Ernest Hemingway important in literature?
Who decides which literature should be classic?
If I did well in English and literature in my O levels but I failed math, can I still apply for a foundation year in an overseas university?
Have you ever written a poem that changed someone else's, or even your own life?
How do I get recognized for my poetry?
How can we model a poem in terms of formal science?
Who is the most well written literary protagonist in your opinion?
Who is the most evil female fictional character?
What apps are excellent for preparing for a Master’s in English, and for the general improvement of your English grammar?
Why do we study Greek Literature?
Can anybody provide the complete content of the poem: "The Flower" by Ivan Turgenev?
I loved "Jane Eyre" and "Pride and Prejudice". What book(s) would you recommend that are similar?
What did Shakespeare not know?
For school we have to do a modern re-adaptation of Joseph Heller's Catch-22, what are some cool ideas?
What is popular literature?
Do authors of vague poetry really expect the reader to take the time to deeply analyze it?
Which book is the most expensive book ever published or priced?
What is your opinion on the following poem?
How do you end an Act from a story?
What are the main themes of the poem, The Journey by Evan Boland?
As an English literature student, what is the first thing I should know about English literature?
Have Pushkin, Lermontov, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Chekhov, Turgenev and Tolstoy ever appeared together on the same spot?
What techniques distinguish descriptive passages in literature?
Where can I buy or read more of Gorakh Pandey's poems?
Are there any history books written in the form of a story?
Who is Tommy MacWilliam, Engineering Manager at Quora?
What's your opinion of Telugu literature as civils optional?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What does the "Mourning poem for the Queen of Sunday" by Robert Hayden represent?
Whose purpose is better in the play 'The purpose' by T.P. Kailasam? Arjuna's or Ekalavya's?
In which language the world's best literature have been written?
What is romantic love in literature?
What are some of your favorite lines/phrases that you have read from any of the Tamil literature/stories/poem or any forms?
Can you think of any novelist who has come up with a peculiar, very personal, writing style in the past 5 years (10 at most)?
What is ecosystem according to literature?
What are some parallel structure examples in literature?
Which authors are similar to Charles Bukowski?
What was Dante Basco's poetry inspired on?
What are examples of rising action in literature?
What is the meaning of "the only qualities required for success in journalism: ratlike cunning, a plausible manner, and a little literary ability"?
How would you rewrite 50 Shades of Grey?
Does an English literature degree have as much content as a Biology degree?
What is the difference between classical literature and traditional literature?
What are famous books written by Periyar?
Could someone kindly recommend few helpful books that'll help me with actively reading and understanding English literature novels?
What is the poem "Elegy for Jane" about?
How is gender portrayed in British literature?
What are some examples of attitudes in poetry?
I am a native Chinese. How can I get access to literary works translated into English from different countries? Is there an app or website for that?
How can you describe the concept of African literature?
What are Shakespeare's sonnets main characteristics?
What inspired The Phantom of the Opera?
What similes are found in "Beowulf"?
How does the climax evolve in To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is a good platform for upcoming poets and writers?
What would literature be like today if the Ilyad and Oddisey had not been written?
How are winter alliterations applied in poems?
What are the different types of poetic devices with examples?
How can you describe Fairyland by Edgar Allan Poe?
I'm very good at drawing, acting, photography, writing stories and composing music. Is there a job that includes all my passions?
What are some poems you wrote about friendship?
What are some of the most condensed and important zen teachings?
Is it possible for an average student to go for higher studies in English literature in Oxbridge?
What are some examples of a tercet?
How could I make use of the greatest minds in history?
How much do people know about Charles Dickens?
What inspired the poem "The Rhodora" by Ralph Waldo Emerson?
From where should I start in learning English literature? Can you recommend which works should I start first?
What does the raven symbolize in the poem of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe?
Do I need to master specific techniques to write poems that leave an indelible impression in the mind of a reader?
What are the best foreign author's book (in English) to start with for a person who is new to English literature?
What are some allusions in Great expectations?
Why do Indians not use articles (a, an, the) in their speech and literature (English) any more?
Could algorithms ever match or surpass human literary scholars?
Why do people find The Sound and The Fury difficult to read?
Why is Shakespeare considered great when he clearly plagarised contents from other authors?
What are some mind-bending and imaginatively written books that will help me think more creatively?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
What were the best books that you read in 2016?
What does this quote mean by Matthew Arnold, "Journalism is literature in a hurry"?
Which is the best collection of works written by John Dickson Carr?
In the "Tragedy of Macbeth," why does Macbeth decide to kill Macduff after seeing the 8 kings apparition?
What made you to pursue a career in literature?
Are there any good poetry competitions coming soon for Canadian participants?
For writing a literature review for an MSc thesis, which articles/books, etc provide the best overview of the interactions between man and automation?
What are some examples of aphorism found in literature?
What does Kahlil Gibran mean when he says " I despised my soul when it limped in front of the crippled"?
What are some of the inspirations of William Shakespeare?
What is the most interesting symbol in literature?
How do genre codes and conventions work?
What does it mean when your crush sends you a poem?
How can I send my poetry book for earning name and fame?
Rap Music: Has any rapper been murdered worse on their debut album than Kendrick Lamar by Drake on Poetic Justice?
Why should I use paradox in poems?
Which authors influenced H.P. Lovecraft?
What are the best books for learning classical or literary Chinese (from English)?
Why is "The Scarlet Letter" a bad book?
What atheistic literature is allowed in Iran and which are banned?
If this song was transformed into a poem, what kind of poem would it be?
Does California need more Shakespeare?
How do I choose a a research topic before I've read literature/found data?
What are considered the greatest works/writers of Arabic literature?
What is the greatest rap verse of all time?
What are the social classes in "Animal Farm"?
What are the characteristics of postcolonial literature?
Which are the dilemmas of Dante Alighieri?
How should I structure my MA Literature thesis proposal?
Who are the prominent writers of literature on Quora?
Why do you think the narrator in Tell-Tale Heart is mad?
What do you think of the surname Borté?
Can you recommend fictional literature that describes the feeling of being in romantic love?
Is there an illustrated encyclopedia that covers all types of literature, plot devices, plot structure and symbolism used?
Who is your favorite spy novel author?
What role do allusions play in Shakespeare's plays?
What is the best time to read novel?
What is the hidden meaning to JD Salinger's " The Catcher In The Rye"?
What are the best works of literature?
What books will you suggest that explains literary devices and figures of speech quite well and simple?
How does social isolation and development of personal ideas in Fahrenheit 451 contribute to the idea that literature is important?
How talented is J.K. Rowling compared to classical literary masters, such as Mark Twain and Charles Dickens?
What is the inner meaning of the poem 'The Sound Collector'?
How would I calculate the odds that a really bad speller, in copying one classic piece of literature, would accidentally produce another?
What is the most profound poetry?
Which is the best country to learn literature and cooking?
Is there any literary device that gives the qualities of a plant to an object?
Is modern poetry terrible compared to that of the past?
What is the most motivating sentence in literature?
What are some examples of diction in literature?
Ernest Hemingway has been dead for over 50 years. Why are most of his books still in copyright?
Why was John Keats so criticized during his life time?
If I wrote an autobiography, and it were mildly interesting and written somewhat well, what can I expect as far as books sales and overall reception?
What are some good poetry collection by Rabindranath Tagore other than "The Gardener" And “Geetanjali” in English?
What are all the probable prose and poetry pieces for Hindi ISC 2017?
Why are the women in 1984 explicitly written as being the most loyal to Big Brother?
What are some famous and/or well-written mind control/hypnosis novels/films?
Why do so many classic novels focus on heavily flawed characters?
Which is your favourite short story by O'Henry and why?
Do we need to read the full Mahabharata in Classical Literature 2 of English Literature in the Delhi University course, or is the summary sufficient?
In the poem "Ode on a Grecian", what actions are frozen in time on the vase?
My country does not have English as its 1st language. What jobs can I get abroad other than teaching and research? I'm an English literature student.
What is the weirdest book you have read and why?
What are some books that Ivy League students are asked to read for Literature or History classes?
In literature, why are there less satiric women writers?
What books do you think should be written?
How reliable is Stephen Goodson as an author?
What are best short literary pieces written?
What makes a poem beautiful?
How is gender portrayed in British literature?
What are examples of symbols and meanings in literature?
What if Richard III (from Shakespeare's play) read The Prince by Nicollo Machiavelli at the beginning of the play? Would he have acted differently?
I am a native Chinese. How can I get access to literary works translated into English from different countries? Is there an app or website for that?
Why does 'The God of Small Things' never had a movie adaptation?
How does one query a literary agent for a novel?
What is your personal favourite line from Shakespeare?
How do I research a foreign language and literature?
What are subjects that should be added to primary and secondary school as "Mandatory"?
What characterizes neoclassical poetry?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
What are the critical approaches in reading literature?
What would literature be like today if the Ilyad and Oddisey had not been written?
What is your most favorite poem, and what are some of its lines?
How are winter alliterations applied in poems?
What purpose do anarchist characters serve in literature?
What is the cutoff for an MA in English Literature at Loyola College?
Writers, do you make plans first before you write?
What are some poems you wrote about friendship?
Who was the most brilliant literature or history teacher you ever had?
What is the value in a shirt with a shake and a spear through it that says Shakespeare?
What are the themes of the short story Goodbye Africa?
How do you analyze Chinese poetry?
What are some figurative language examples found in Beowulf?
How do I get smart enough to read the classics without having to refer to sites like Sparknotes and Shmoop?
What are some of your favorite pieces of Ray Bradbury's prose (quotes please - can be from any of his books or short stories)?
Can someone help me for NET in English literature?
What are the best things about Telugu literature?
What is the name of the English novel involving a boy who returns to his village and solves a theft using a camera with his native friend?
Can you recommend novels with realistic engineers as characters?
What are some artistic works (literary, musical etc) that defy genre categorisation?
What are Hermann Hesse's best 3 poems?
Is Lorde's song "Glory and Gore" about terrorism?
What do psychologists think of Holden Caulfield from Catcher in the Rye?
Which phrase is grammatically correct: "I like dogs, cats, and apples" or "I like dogs, cats and apples"?
Progressing societies outgrow institutions; just like growing children outgrow clothes. Can anyone explain this essay topic?
What are the different rules and styles of poetry?
Why are awards such as the Hugo Awards worth chasing?
What is the definition of the term "dynamic characterization"?
How come some kids do solve mathematical questions very fast and some others do good in drawing and still some others master literature?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "The Word" by Pablo Neruda?
What are some examples of aphorism found in literature?
What is the history of literature in the Philippines?
I want to read an inspiring, yet interesting book, written by an Indian author - which book should I read?
What are "minutes" in play-writing (as in "10-minute play" or "53 minute play)?
What is the most mind-blowing business book you have ever read?
What is the most interesting symbol in literature?
What does it mean when your crush sends you a poem?
Why should I use paradox in poems?
What are some short stories on new year?
What is folk tale in literature?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
Is Tybalt protective of Juliet?
What did queen Elizabeth 1 do for the English literature?
How do I choose a a research topic before I've read literature/found data?
What are the formal characteristics in poetry?
In literature, do people get all the symbolism?
What are some of the different genres of literature?
Who is Sampson in Romeo and Juliet?
What is the difference between theme and motif in the literary work?
Should the Oxford comma be eliminated?
What are the characteristics of postcolonial literature?
What can "Buckle up your loved ones" mean in a literary text?
What is the poem in the movie Chhatrapati?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
How should I structure my MA Literature thesis proposal?
How would you revise this poem?
Who are the prominent writers of literature on Quora?
What is an example of something written in 2nd person perspective?
What are some poems easy to remember?
What are some interesting short stories on memory illness?
What role do allusions play in Shakespeare's plays?
In Act 1, Scene 3 of Macbeth, is it true that Shakespeare seems to have forgotten that Macbeth has just been fighting the Thane of Cawdor?
Can archaeology contribute anything useful to the study of ancient literature beyond the discovery of new texts?
What is the literary term for a convincing motivation for a character's falling action?
Do non-Americans know or care about F. Scott Fitzgerald or The Great Gatsby?
Is there any literary figure who loves/loved to solve everday problems?
Is Camus’ The Stranger written to be intentionally funny?
In the short story Goodbye Africa why the wife traitress her husbant?
Is the The Annotated Huckleberry Finn: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Michael Patrick Hearn a good book to get to supplement my English unit?
What are your favorite contemporary books?
Can anybody give me examples of metonymy from English poems written by Filipino poets and kindly explain?
What is the meaning of "extending the literature on something"?
What is the most motivating sentence in literature?
What are some examples of antecedents in literature?
For those who have read the Catcher in the Rye, would you say that Holden Caulfield has a solid identity?
Are there any modern examples of Telugu epic poetry?
Are Robert Frost's poem "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening" and Harivansh Rai Bachchan's poem "Agneepath" inspired by the same philosophy?
Which books or articles are best for the latest (2016) literature review on blended learning in higher education (e.g. Department of English)?
Did you read Catcher in the Rye while it was banned without parent's permission?
Which is your favourite short story by O'Henry and why?
Do we need to read the full Mahabharata in Classical Literature 2 of English Literature in the Delhi University course, or is the summary sufficient?
Should commit myself professionally to comedy, or music and literature?
My country does not have English as its 1st language. What jobs can I get abroad other than teaching and research? I'm an English literature student.
How does cultural diversity impact literature?
What are some books that Ivy League students are asked to read for Literature or History classes?
What are the different types of imagery in literature?
How reliable is Stephen Goodson as an author?
Is Stephen King and Peter Straub's "The Talisman" a good book?
Is there any deep meaningful poem about life?
What is the computer literacy rate of India?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
What are the latest genre trends in Mexican literature?
What are some good examples of folk literature?
Why does 'The God of Small Things' never had a movie adaptation?
What are some tautology examples found in literature?
What is your personal favourite line from Shakespeare?
What are subjects that should be added to primary and secondary school as "Mandatory"?
What is your most favorite poem, and what are some of its lines?
What is the definition of “ambiguity” in English literature?
How do I properly say "the volcano ended" when referring to a person's feelings?
Why is biographical criticism important outside of literature?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
What is the definition of choice in English literature? Any detailed examples?
What are your favorite quotes from Sylvia Plath?
What are some must-read books written by female writers?
What are the themes of the short story Goodbye Africa?
What books should I refer for masters' entrance in English literature?
How do I get smart enough to read the classics without having to refer to sites like Sparknotes and Shmoop?
Can someone help me for NET in English literature?
How can poems be improved?
With the context of Latin American literature, do other European cultures have their own Magic realism tradition?
What is the darkest poem you have ever read?
Is Muhammad the only prophet in history that ordered or approved extra-judicial murders of his detractors (43 in all)?
What are some artistic works (literary, musical etc) that defy genre categorisation?
How many parts are there in the novel 'Nandhipurathu Nayaki'?
Is Lorde's song "Glory and Gore" about terrorism?
What is the most descriptive paragraph you have ever read?
What are some examples of soliloquy in Macbeth?
Why did William Shakespeare not name characters? For example, the 3 witches in Macbeth and the 2 clowns in Hamlet why no names?
I don't know to read Tamil, I want to hear Bharathiyar poems online, for a start I wish to hear the bharathi Pudhumai Penn poem, where can I find it?
Why are awards such as the Hugo Awards worth chasing?
What does this poem by Edna St. Vincent Millay mean?
What is the significance tittle of second coming poem by arnold?
What are the best humour and satire stuff written in English?
Which Jane Austen novel do you like the best? Why?
I want to read an inspiring, yet interesting book, written by an Indian author - which book should I read?
Is it weird that I have a wide vocabulary yet have trouble spelling a lot of words?
What are the main features of fables?
What are some quotes on why literature is important?
Can I get the imagery and thematic summary for any two poems by Sarojini Naidu?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What could be a short poem on family (4–5 stanzas; in English)?
Is Tybalt protective of Juliet?
Why are people who love books so bad at Math?
Which poems can I read to develop my interest in poetry?
What did queen Elizabeth 1 do for the English literature?
What was the first recorded myth?
Who is Sampson in Romeo and Juliet?
What is the difference between theme and motif in the literary work?
How do I search for relevant medical literature?
Are things like Dr. Seuss and Peewee Herman a big deal just in the US, or were they popular elsewhere?
In To Kill A Mockingbird, what issues do Jem and Scout face? How do they grow and learn throughout the story?
What is the definition of deviance in English literature? Any detailed examples?
Which tablet PC should I use for reading academic literature?
How difficult is Malayalam language to speak & write for non native speakers?
What is the definition of “image” in English literature?
How do you write good erotic literature (genre: gangrape)?
What are some characteristics of traditional poetry?
How can I write poetry explanations in points in Hindi exam?
Who are some of your favorite 8-12 children authors?
What is the greatest Latin literature and poems?
Do non-Americans know or care about F. Scott Fitzgerald or The Great Gatsby?
What are the most important themes and concepts in George Orwell's 1984?
What is a book you wished you would've read before you established a professional career?
In Les Misérables, why did Victor Hugo provide names to extremely minor characters whereas major characters often did not have full names?
In the short story Goodbye Africa why the wife traitress her husbant?
How can I learn to write literary letters?
What is the definition of “imagery” in English literature?
What is the significance of the title of the second coming poem by W.B. Yeats?
Who is your favorite American children's author?
What are some best spooky short stories?
What is the meaning of "extending the literature on something"?
What are the use of æ,à, ä and other such letters which are there in digital keyboard of our mobile devices? How can we use them?
What are some examples of falling action and climax in literature?
Is it necessary to read the introduction of every novel for English literature students like Virginia Woolf by Mrs Dalloway?
What are some poets with some of the most abstract poetry?
What are some well written books with passive protagonist?
What exactly is an epithet? What are some simple examples in literature?
50 years of marriage. Can you share some of your letters or poems?
For those who have read the Catcher in the Rye, would you say that Holden Caulfield has a solid identity?
What is celestial imagery used for in literature?
Did you read Catcher in the Rye while it was banned without parent's permission?
How many modern playwrights write in the poetic style of Shakespeare?
What are the books with finest prose?
What is a literary ballad?
Why hasn't Dhawal Barot written any novel yet?
Who is more famous in the history of English literacy, Daniel Defoe or Jonathan Swift?
What is the difference between an embryo and a foetus?
How do tone and mood differ in literature?
What is the best time to study for class 12?
How do you learn how to set up atmospheres in literature?
What is your favorite sentence you've ever written?
Which writers can be said to be in the same league as Shakespeare as far as literary talent goes?
What are examples of character secrets in literature?
What are some of the coolest mythological stories in your culture?
What is the best poem you have written, yet hate to share?
What motivated George Orwell to write 1984?
What are the examples of dissonance in literature?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
What are some examples of romanticism in Wuthering Heights?
How can I write my own book?
What are some computer science literature classics?
In Faust, why is the Gretchenfrage so important?
What are examples of self deception in literature?
Has anyone read the poetry of Moniza Alvi and Maki Kureishi?
How do I start to write about children’s literature?
What is the darkest manga ever written?
Can I earn good money if I get a master's degree in English Literature?
Can anyone provide me some tips to score well in the ISC English Literature paper?
What makes "Waiting for Godot" a great literary work?
Why do some phrases in literature give us goosebumps?
What is the most famous book written in the form of letters between people?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
How much creative authority do authors have when books are made into movies?
Is it okay to read Alexander Pope's Iliad first before any other version?
If you could date any character from your favorite book, who would it be and why?
When flights are delayed, why are most airlines unable or unwilling to provide realistic estimates for the revised departure time?
What are you reading these days?
How do I respond to the allusion "don't be a Scrooge" on a work email?
What are the best examples of book websites?
How can I write a poem with onomatopoeia and alliteration?
What is like to be the assistant of Paulo Coelho?
How can I analyze a short story?
What is the best English literature app?
What is your essential reading list in Latin American literature?
Can I get some English poems on 'Satellites'?
What is your favourite Rumi poem?
I'm attending a book club where the author will be present. How should I behave when discussing her book in front of her?
Why does no one read poetry? Was poetry mainstream/popular in the past?
How do the Chinese people see the African literature?
In the Sufi poem 'mere rashke qamar', what does the line 'jawani jawani se takra gayi' mean? Is there a figurative meaning to it?
Can somebody give me some literature on substation equipment?
How does a writer become the greatest writer there is?
How is assonance used in poetry?
What are some quotes that made you feel/think the most (about anything, be it philosophy, art, literature, science, etc.)?
What is literary genre?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
How similar are Iranian Persian (Farsi) and Afghan Persian (Dari)? Will the speakers understand each other?
What are the masterpieces in English poetry?
What year was Macbeth set in?
What music do you recommend to read Edgar Allan Poe?
Why is reading literature or non fiction important?
What is the Indian love story which is equal to Romeo and Juliet?
What literature deals with clairvoyance in saints?
Why is classic literature relevant today?
When reading multiple books on a topic, do you read all the books in succession or along with other books to break up the monotony?
What are some eccentric works of literature that you really enjoyed?
What is the relationship between Alfred Stevens and Herman Melville?
How can I learn to understand poems?
Where can I access good literature on FTTx design and implementation?
What are some examples of poems with onomatopoeia and alliteration?
How do you find techniques in a poem when they aren't obvious?
What do androids and robots have to do with ecocritcism?
Can literature that someone finds personally offensive still be quality literature?
Which character in Jane Austen's novels most closely resembles Donald Trump?
What movies/literature are especially popular among people with prepsychosis?
What is the success rate of novels written by teenagers?
What are the reasons of not understanding English literature texts clearly?
What are the main, and all characters, who are in classical literature from the Kauravs in the Mahabharata?
What are some good examples of funny poem about exams?
Which are the novelists one shall start with in English Literature to develop perspective?
How do I write like Hemingway?
Who are some great contemporary female German authors?
How does reading literature help our daily lives?
Should you have read the Shakespeare play before you see it?
What novels would you suggest I read, if I like Nora Roberts, Paulo Coelho and Sophie Kinsella?
What are the essential items/parts of a short story?
About which all literary figures do students of English literature study?
Did Dante with The Divine Comedy influence modern world? If so in which point(s)?
How is periphrasis used as a literary term?
What could be a poem on family/friends/relation?
What story by Edgar Allan Poe would you recommend someone to read the first?
What are some of the best books in literature that a man should read?
Are the Song of Ice and Fire books 4 and 5 really that bad?
How do I read Dostoyevski's 'Crime and punishment'?
What are some cliche examples in poetry?
What's the first poem written by Rabindranath Tagore?
How do I gain interest in the English literature as my interest keeps on fluctuating? Why?
If Victor Hugo wrote Les Mirerables in 2016, do you think that it would still be a classic? Why or why not?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers the different types of intrigues, plot devices, stories found in the literature?
Why does Faulkner and Cormac McCarthy favor style over substance?
What advice would you give to a new lawyer starting a solo practice?
What makes poetry so special?
What are some poem about ideal child?
How is literature taught in the USA?
What are the effects of figurative language in literature?
What is a common theme, message, lesson, or idea found in Life of Pi, Hamlet and Frankenstein?
What is a recurring theme in Langston Hughes's poetry?
How does one read a literary work "critically"?
What are clubs that can be established in high school related to literature and writing?
I'm 50 pages into Catch 22 and struggling to understand what, if anything, is happening. Will I enjoy this book?
What does "novels - extrapolation by other authors" mean?
Is there such a thing as a literature based PhD in neuroscience; if so where can I find it?
Is the Quran the best works of literature in Arabic?
I read a book "The Beast of Cretatia" and absolutely loved it. Does anyone know any good books similar?
What does "theme" in poetry mean?
What is the procedure to get an issn number for a literary journal?
When do the apparitions appear in "Macbeth"? What are their significance?
What's your interpretation of the ending of Norwegian Wood by Murakami? Keeping in mind, the story starts as a flashback.
Who is the cutest person on Game of Thrones?
What's the ending of Beowulf?
What do you think of all the lies Holden Caulfield told in the book The Catcher in the Rye?
What are the characteristics of American literature?
What are some of the great poems/lines anyone ever wrote?
What does the quote ''I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!” mean by William Shakespeare?
How do I study literature abroad with an engineering degree from India?
What thematic message is Hawthorne conveying by having his central symbol in the novel, the scarlet letter, change meaning throughout the novel?
Can you share some of your poetry?
What are some feud quotes found in Romeo and Juliet?
What are character traits of Hamlet?
Is there a "wrong" way to interpret a work of literature?
Why is the setting so important in literature?
What is the poem "To Posterity" by Bertolt Brecht about?
My mother doesn't read much English literature. What novel should I gift her to read? She is 45 now.
How has the internet impacted literature?
What is the one piece of poetry/writing that you’re proud of and would love the world to read?
How are others effected by Tom Robinson in To Kill A Mockingbird?
What are the best short stories of all times in English?
What are the differences between tremendous, numerous and countless?
Why are Shakespeare's works so amazing?
How does a novel, short story or collection of short stories get selected to be taught in school?
Which is Keki Daruwalla's best poem?
What is the difference between features, techniques and characteristics in literature?
How can I learn to easily spot Neo-classical poetry?
What are your favourite literary journals?
What is a good way to create a welcome poem for church?
What is meant by refrain in literature?
Who mostly influenced Shakespeare?
What are examples of imagery in "Catcher in the Rye"?
Is literature the best criticism of life?
How is Liam O'Flaherty's story "The Sniper" considered an irony?
What would be the family tree of the book one in the Mahabharata of Classical Literature 2?
What are the best sites to recap the points that you read in a novel?
What is the best option for a Post Graduate in English Literature for further studies?
Why do I easily get bored when reading classic works of literature?
Who was the famous character in French literature who was thrilled to learn he is speaking in prose?
What are some short stories or poems that can be read one way forward but another way backwards?
How do scarlet and crimson colors differ?
Is it okay to have two conflicting ideas in a short story?
What is the best idris Shah book?
What are some of the timeless classics I should read?
What are some of the most controversial books ever written?
How does work construct classic?
What is the purpose of realism in literature characteristics?
What are some great authors whose family name begins with "J"?
Who is Bhorer Pakhi in Bengali literature?
What elements are in Chinese wuxia novel but not in Western literature?
What are some amazing short stories (3-4 liner) you have written.?
Which is the best book written on the great mythological character "Karna"?
Is Shakespeare conclusively the author of Taming of the Shrew?
Can you tell from the writing in the Harry Potter series that the author is a woman?
What is an example of a persona poem?
Which is the most evil line you have ever read?
I've a Computer Science background but I'm interested in writing. What are my career options and how do I approach them?
Could you please compare and contrast romantic period with renaissance in terms of literature?
How much do IB schools pay in India teachers?
Can Indian teachers get jobs in American schools?
Is literary technique the same as literary devices?
What are some of the main differences between A level English Literature and GCSE?
How are figures of speech used in poems?
Could it be that Marcus Aurelius' “Meditations” have been tampered after being written just to fit Christians’ morality and ethics?
Do people think Shakespeare is great because they can’t comprehend old English, and so it seems great because it’s harder to understand?
Did Charles Dickens anticipate psychoanalysis in his story, "A Christmas Carol"?
Which are some romantic Albanian poet?
What's a PhD in literature and philosophy?
What do you make of the following sentence from The Scarlet Letter?
How can we become the legend of literature?
Was Victor Hugo interested in Spiritism?
Why does government include literature subjects in schools?
Have the issues that Lee discusses in “To Kill a Mockingbird” been resolved or are they ongoing?
What are the settings found in "The Scarlet Letter"?
Can you recommend me some novels worth reading for their unique writing style?
What is theory of relativity and is there any relevance of it in the field of literature?
Who can answer my question about a German poem by Goethe?
Does the novel "Ulysses" have any plot holes?
What are the biggest literary flaws in Twilight by Stephenie Meyer?
How would you describe Paulo Coelho in 1 sentence?
What are examples of a bird imagery in "Macbeth"?
How can we praise someone's poetry?
How do I answer questions related to novel in literature exams?
What are some short stories on jealousy?
What is the difference between graduation in English Language and graduation in English Literature?
Is it true that dancing is more popular among extroverts and writing is a more popular art among introverts?
How is literature represented in The Book of Sand by Jorge Luis Borges?
Where can I find short stories to read online?
What could be a good literary piece; short story or poem, that I could contribute to a discussion on the theme 'holiday'?
What is are some great Hindi poem lines that shows the true face of Indian society?
Can you share a poem that was written in your native language but never been translated to any other language?
What are the best books in literature?
What are some examples of drama in modern literature?
Have you ever written to your congress person?
What is the best college for English Literature in Cambridge for an undergraduate student?
Is there any poems with no imagery in them that are good?
As far as Arts, Music and Literature is concerned, do you think its essence and sensibility have gradually degraded over the last few decades?
If literary agents know what will sell and what won't why don't they write novels?
What are some beautiful simple short poems?
What are the three largest craters on Oberon? How did they form?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
What are the applications of information technology in literature?
What is "trauma theory" in English literature?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Wind" by Ted Hughes?
Is there any reason I should consider reading Russian classics?
What literary devices does Dante use in Inferno?
What are your favourite English love poems?
What skills do A scoring English (Literature) students have over C scoring students?
What is the meaning of the word Aryavarta in Vedic literature?
What do you think about "To Kill a Mockingbird?"
What poem can you write as a tribute to Bharathiyar?
Why is Mansfield Park (now) the least popular of Jane Austen's novels?
How well do I have to be in a language to be able to read The Little Prince?
What is the book called ‘S. Mark’, which was used in a time like 1890?
What are the major forms of literature? What are their functions?
What do the readers think about the book mysterious stranger by Mark Twain?
Which of Don DeLillo's novels are his best works?
What are some of the most terrifying cosmic horrors that aren't from the cthulhu mythos?
Can you tell me the important questions of classical literature 2 in the English literature course of Delhi University?
Has Donald Trump mastered the teachings of "The Art of War" making Hillary think he was weak when he was actually strong?
Which is the most popular book written with collective effort of a lot of people?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
I’m in love with the thought of excelling at English Literature. I would like to know how to actively read a novel?
How does reading more make you go blind?
What are the great questions asked by literature, or specifically by great poetry?
Where can I get the Tamil short stories books for free?
Who was shakespeare's sister?
Why are there so many genius protagonists in literature and films?
What are the most famous editorials ever written?
What is Charles Dickens' secret to selling 300 million novels?
Did sathyaendra written any books?
Have you ever read a book in English written by an Indonesian author?
What role does illusion play in literature?
Does region influence the quality of literature in Indian subcontinent?
Is it worth going abroad for masters in English literature?
I have finished a short story that is about 8000 words long. What literary publications will still consider it?
Have you ever written a poem?
Is John donne poem "Go and catch a falling star" fine fact about women?
How do Western values change and/or develop in the writings of Jorge Luis Borges? Evaluate.
Which literature form do you prefer? Please include specific examples and details in your explanation.
Is there an Eastern literary tradition as rich as that of the west?
How many novels and stories written by Munshi Premchand?
Who has written "Allah had A thought to see himself and created Mohammad (Saw) from his noor" full poem?
What is Jaipur literature festival all about and what exactly happens there, give some tips regarding the same and some advices for a 1st time goer?
What are some short stories of Krishna?
How, do you think, is poetry like humour?
How and why has Huxley developed the relationship between two characters to make the reader want to know how 'Brave New World' ends?
How can I score great and excellent marks in the masters in English of Delhi university?
What are some examples of characterization in the play "Romeo and Juliet"?
What are some characteristics of traditional literature?
Is it healthy to teach modern writers Shakespeare?
Can you post a romantic poem you've written?
What are the genres and sub-genres of literature?
What are the humanistic approaches in literature?
Is English literature a good optional for CSE?
How is Literature represented in The Reader by Bernhard Schlink?
I've written this article from leadership and influence points of view. What do you think?
How can I learn French literature on my own?
What complex knowledge do you know which you can explain in the simplest way possible?
How do the 4 methods of characterization in literature differ?
How has the Christian notion of a Day of Judgment been portrayed in literature and the arts over the centuries?
Who are some the greatest authors and what are their notable works?
Was Shakespeare not a man of good character?
What are some world-famous German literature?
What are some must-read books for new readers?
What is the list of top 10 stories we should read in Russian literature?
What did Wodehouse actually mean by writing this about Jeeves: “The man’s a genius. From the collar upward he stands alone.”? What's with the collar?
Do you think I should put "my name before my eyes” or “the name before my eyes” in this poem?
What are some examples of end-stop lines in poetry?
Have you ever written to your congress person?
What does the hunger artist hunger in "A Hunger Artist"?
Is there any benefit of making an overattempt in ICSE 10th English literature paper?
What is the best college for English Literature in Cambridge for an undergraduate student?
How is the metrical pattern of a poem determine?
How does Charles Dickens present the character of Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol"?
What are common positive themes found in apocalyptic literature?
What does it mean when a poem is an analogy?
How is imagery of light used in a poem?
How many lines should one write in a question that has three or four marks allocated to it, in the ICSE English literature paper?
What is the difference between epic and sonnet?
I am a native Chinese. How can I get access to literary works translated into English from different countries? Is there an app or website for that?
What is the role of literature in administration?
Why does 'The God of Small Things' never had a movie adaptation?
Where can I find the book The Human Situation: Lectures Given at Santa Barbara by Aldous Huxley?
Who are you rooting for in A Song of Ice and Fire?
How do you find a favorite book?
How can I promote the "pantun", a type of Malayan poetry, so it can be internationally known?
ICSE X-How many sides should the essay type question be in English literature?
Do English people know Shakespeare plagiarized Ovid?
What is the longest English literature Word?
What are some examples of iambic poems?
World poetry day: Which poems are unforgettable to you?
Which Shakespeare play is easiest to understand?
Is Social Class a good theme for high level book studies?
Did Thomas Pynchon and David Foster Wallace ever meet?
How many types of meter are there in poems?
Do you think poetry is a dying art?
Has anyone ever thought to read all of the literature in your field?
What is the reason why Shakespeare use the supernatural theme in "Macbeth"?
What purpose do anarchist characters serve in literature?
Is it normal that my poems look horrible to me?
What are the most probable essays that could come in ISC 2017 Literature exam?
Can literature beneficial and enriching to read even for someone very much unemotional?
Did Charles Dickens have any contemporaries, writing in other languages about other great cities and with similar themes?
What is your opinion on the following poem?
What is revolutionary prospection in postcolonial poetry?
How is the good vs. evil theme present in "Beowulf"?
Are there any recommended novels for CLAT aspirants?
What is the difference between a Romance and a novel?
Which books can be categorized as literary books?
How is gustatory imagery used in literature?
What makes "Waiting for Godot" a great literary work?
What is the unique value of poetry relative to other types of writing?
Why do some phrases in literature give us goosebumps?
What are some dystopian novels that are less known but quite important for the literature of the genre?
What books should I refer for masters' entrance in English literature?
How much creative authority do authors have when books are made into movies?
What is the meaning of “the beat generation”?
What are the best love confessions in literature?
How do you write a summary of a poem?
How did researchers do literature review before there was Google Scholar?
What is the meaning of the following passage in Middlemarch?
How can I get the help from any Delhi university student who can easily give me the notes of English literature 5(2) third year?
What role do you think Val will play in TWOW?
Would Mark Twain be considered Southern or Northern literature?
What is the summary of the "poem for Everyman" by John Wood?
What is the meaning of this sentence in Middlemarch?
What year was Water Margin from Shi Nai'an written?
When you read translated literature, are you reading the original author's prose or the translator's prose?
What does "Thinking brings forth only thought, but feeling is with living fraught" mean?
What are some ways to start a character analysis?
Where can I find the poem "Mistress of my own being" by Ifi Amadiume?
Are people losing interest in reading and writing poems nowadays? Why?
What is the poem: "The Summer Day" by Mary Oliver about?
How much do IB schools pay in India teachers?
Why do a lot of drawings of Rand al'Thor represent him shirtless?
Can you recommend some well-written, challenging, and LONG non-fiction books on topics such as history, politics, economics, etc.?
How should we learn English literature firstly?
Why is utopia impossible?
Is Constantine P. Cavafy the greatest Greek poet ever?
Where can I find a summary of Abraham Cowley’s Against Hope poem?
Can you recommend novels with realistic engineers as characters?
What's the ending of Beowulf?
What are the most beautiful/inspirational/motivational poems that you have ever read/heard?
What is your idea about literary criticism?
What justification does Judge Holden give for killing the Kid at the end of Blood Meridian?
I'm not sure whether I should read and analyze A Study in Scarlet or The Valley of Fear for a literary analysis paper. Which should I do?
In academic literature, what is the difference between rhetoric, narrative and discourse?
Which is currently your favorite book by any Indian author?
What literary works are essential and taught in primary school?
Why is chapter 97 just "The story." in Life of Pi?
What is Autobiographical literature?
What are the different kinds of poetry in literature?
What are some great Persian poems with their English translations?
Can I ever earn as much as an English literature graduate as a medico, in India and different parts of the world?
How big is a vocabulary of a beginner, intermediate, advanced level speaker in general?
Who is the most inspirational character in the Harry Potter series, and why?
How should I understand the Irish folk song 'Red is the Rose'?
What do psychologists think of Holden Caulfield from Catcher in the Rye?
Could you name some important Indian literary books and authors?
What writers are like Hayao Miyazaki?
What is happening in Kate Wilhelm's “The Funeral”?
Can you learn more about life from classic literature than going to school?
Which are best literature of the modern era?
Is English an "evolved language"? And if so, is it because of its long legacy of literature and the encouragement of free thought?
What does the line "the purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink " mean?
What is some of the best works of medieval literature?
How well do I have to be in a language to be able to read The Little Prince?
What is your favourite poem by Pablo Neruda?
How was your ICSE literature exam?
Why are awards such as the Hugo Awards worth chasing?
What characteristics define satire in literature?
How​ many types of meters are there in literature?
What's the most awkward poem?
Does it ever rain in Westeros?
Which are the most important books about anarchism that are recommendable?
Are there any novels that don't contain conflicts?
Do you buy books written by male authors centered around female protagonists? Why or why not?
What are some quotes that made you feel/think the most (about anything, be it philosophy, art, literature, science, etc.)?
Are there any good poetry competitions coming soon for Canadian participants?
How do you make the most out of the books you read?
Is there a structure behind Rumi's poetry or is it all mainly free form?
What are some best suspense short stories?
Can a Muslim propagate Islam using poetry he has written?
Why is Tolkien considered a good writer?
What does the word 'gay' mean in the poem Fairy Song by Louisa May Alcott?
I recently went to a bookstore and was disappointed with the fiction selection. Can anyone recommend good contemporary literary fiction?
Can an Indian teach English literature at postgraduate level in US universities?
Why do people like to quote quotes? Is it a display of wisdom? Do they prefer others to know that they didn't invent the phrase, but copied it from somewhere?
What is the significance of the Gulmohar in Dushyant Kumar's poem?
What besides "A dream of the Red Chamber" are great Chinese literature?
Which website offers poetry criticism for youngsters?
What was your experience meeting Arthur Miller?
If you read every book ever written would you become the most knowledgable person ever?
How many novels and stories written by Munshi Premchand?
What is the English Renaissance literature? How does it differ from other periods?
Why should you read unpopular books?
Whose purpose is better in the play 'The purpose' by T.P. Kailasam? Arjuna's or Ekalavya's?
What are some of the inspirations of William Shakespeare?
How does an author feel when they know that there are the makings of a book in their head?
Whiich is the most innovative poem in Hindi?
Should I publish my novel under a pseudonym?
How important is originality in literature?
What are the mind and the self to you?
How do stanzas work in literature?
How can I learn French literature on my own?
What is the highest literary award?
I hold a Mphil degree in English literature. Now I want to choose screenwriting as a career. Do I need to apply for certification courses?
Will web fiction ever win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
If someone was to write 2084, like Orwell wrote 1984, what would the world look like?
What are the best courses to study in Australia after B.A. English literature?
What are some of the challenges of writing contemporary fiction today that weren't an issue ten years ago?
Is Batman like Beowulf?
Who is your favourite fiction writer? Why?
Why is so much literature written about the middle class?
Which prose and poems have the maximum probability to be on ICSE literature papers?
How was humanism affected by art and literature?
What is the reason why antithesis is used in literature?
I love to write quotes and poetry but how can I showcase it?
What movies/literature are especially popular among people with prepsychosis?
What were the values that characterized the Romanticism?
Is there any difference between Commonwealth and Postcolonial literature?
What's Marie Ponsot's best poem?
What is some of the best classic literature on seduction?
In Blake's Book of Urizen, what does "For he saw that life liv'd upon death" mean?
How is 'The Divine Comedy' characteristic of humanistic thinking?
What are some Classical novels that deal with freedom from Oppression?
What are some characteristics of the different types of prose?
What is a good example of a cosmic irony?
Why is literature important in teaching?
How do I memorise various critics in English literature? What is the technique for it?
How can I write a good review of literature for a dissertation?
How is the failure of the Percy revolution foreshadowed by Shakespeare?
Has anyone read “The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt”, by Albert Camus?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Wind" by Ted Hughes?
What is the best literary description of a battle you have ever read?
What are considered the greatest works/writers of Arabic literature?
Which is the most patriotic poem for India in Hindi?
How are you feeling?
How is a literary genre modified?
Do we interpret poems and literature too much? Is it good to do so?
What is the simplest answer for why you love English literature?
Why do I have to learn about Shakespeare in school?
What is a good way to create a welcome poem for church?
Is Harry Potter the work of literature that defines the Millennial generation?
Is Edgar Allan Poe's play 'Politian' a good play?
Is programming the same as poetry?
Do you think slam poetry, Instagram poetry and rap are considered as a "real" poetry? Why/why not?
What is the difference between the conflict and resolution in literature?
In To Kill A Mockingbird, what issues do Jem and Scout face? How do they grow and learn throughout the story?
What is the symbolism of a forest in literature?
How can one interpret the poem "The Mushroom Gatherers" by Donald Davie?
What are your falling star wish experiences?
What do you think of the surname Borté?
What is the most ambitious literary project of all time?
What is progressive poetry?
What literary devices are used in choices by Allen Steble?
How can you describe the 6 parts of a plot?
What is some guidance on identifying research gaps in literature reviews?
What's semiotic theory in literature?
Where did Shakespeare get his ideas about literature?
Which is the best novel now trending written by Indian authors?
What are some internal conflicts found in literature?
What are the impacts of the differences of Akira Kurosawa's Throne of Blood to Shakespeare's Macbeth?
What free online videos should everyone watch?
When writing a poem, does it come to you easily or do you wait for inspiration?
How was William Shakespeare as a narrative poet?
What is a good analysis on efficacy?
Is there an Eastern literary tradition as rich as that of the west?
Is there a single university in the entire world where literature, philosophy or history is regarded as a science or even social science?
Which genre of novel is Evergreen?
What's the main theme of Luis bunuel's the obsecure object of desire?
Is Macbeth set in 11th century?
How would you cherish a lover in poetry?
In English literature, how are the answers checked: first five or the best five?
What are some examples of literature where geography is important?
Why do we love dystopian literature and movies?
Does reading literature help us develop empathy for those unlike ourselves, or is that asking too much of it?
Why were Russia's contributions to music and literature in the 1800s internationally renowned, in stark contrast to its contemporary cultural output?
What are recommendations for short fiction novels, that contain intrigue/thriller aspects. NOT considered difficult reads, yet critically acclaimed?
What books will you suggest that explains literary devices and figures of speech quite well and simple?
What is a poetic device? Is it the same as a literary device?
How common are stereotypes in literature?
What is the narrator's point of view?
What is the meaning of the poem of Adelgitha by Thomas campbell?
What is state of the art literature request rewriting?
Which is the best site in the world for poetry?
What are the different types of imagery in poetry used for?
What are some examples of interpretive literature?
Which word would I rhyme in the phrase "you found it" when writing a Shakespearean sonnet in iambic pentameter?
What is a book you wished you would've read before you established a professional career?
Which universities are good for comparative literature in Glasgow, Manchester, and Exeter?
What are the most messed up poems or poems with the most complicated emotions?
In Les Misérables, why did Victor Hugo provide names to extremely minor characters whereas major characters often did not have full names?
What is the best website or application for reading short stories? Are any the best to your knowledge?
What is the best way to describe a gothic setting in literature?
Why is classic literature more valuable than popular literature?
What characteristics define refrain in poetry?
Has Miss Gilby's account from Neel Mukherjee's book 'Past Continuous' renewed interest in Tagore's masterpiece 'The Home and the World'?
Do any of George Orwell’s predictions in "1984" come true?
Would a story about a prince cursed by being turned into a princess and hiding the curse to regain his kingdom be offensive to transgender people?
What do you think about "To Kill a Mockingbird?"
What is the best way to score high on the Language and Literature SL in the IB?
What is the difference between comedy of manners and comedy of humor in English literature?
Does this poem I wrote make sense?
Is Tyrion Lannister dead in the book?
Why do some men not prefer to marry girls with English Literature degrees?
In what period of time did Aldous Huxley live in Italy?
Can you read?
What is the worst thing about Adultery, a book by Paulo Coelho?
Why haven't government of India recommended Haldhar Nag's name to Nobel in literature?
If you could choose any story by an author for an anime, even the William Shakespeare stories aside from Romeo and Juliet, what would you choose?
What are some well written books with passive protagonist?
When Tywin made his deal with Roose, did he know his lieutenant took Jaime's hand?
What was Samuel Butler like as a man?
What are the most beautiful literary passages about grief?
Which book should I read after To Kill a Mockingbird?
In "Down and Out in Paris and London", why do the "Patrons" have an interrest in keeping the suitcases in the hotel?
Who is the most well written literary protagonist in your opinion?
Where can I post my poems so people will read them?
I’m in love with the thought of excelling at English Literature. I would like to know how to actively read a novel?
What is the structure of a literature review in academic writing?
What makes The Great Gatsby a classic novel and why has it maintained its place in American Literature?
Why are the women in 1984 explicitly written as being the most loyal to Big Brother?
How is literature from the Renaissance different from the writing styles of the past?
Which works of literature would be held in higher esteem today if history had taken a drastically different course?
What are some examples of a fear of death/mortality in The Great Gatsby?
What are some interesting facts of the four literary genres?
What is a rhetorical question in literature?
How can I complete one chapter of English literature for class 12th in two hours? Is it possible to do so? Can I score 90+ in it?
How do you end an Act from a story?
What is the theme of the novel – Gaban?
Is there any ancient gay work of literature besides Satyricon?
What are the figures of speech used in the poem Daffodils, and where are they used in the poem?
What are the uses of literature research?
Is there an approachable work of classic Russian literature?
Is the movie Sawshank Redemption inspired by a story, written by Leo Tolstoy?
What is the meaning of mimetic criticism in literature?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Why was Jon Snow betrayed?
What are some of the critical questions that surround the formation of a certain literary Canon?
What is the tone of Shakespeare's Sonnet 116?
Which is the best literature based TV series?
What are the literary devices in half a rupee worth by RK Narayan?
Which literature form do you prefer? Please include specific examples and details in your explanation.
What are some mistranslations in classic literature that are often taught uncorrected in academia?
What is your favorite sentence you've ever written?
What is the best way for adults with no background in Classics to begin learning Latin and Greek philosophy and literature?
What are some examples of the characteristics that define contemporary literature?
What is the summary of the poem 'The Two Friends' by Carolyn Wells?
Is it a good idea to start a novel with a poem?
“A poetry should focus more on showing than telling.” What does this mean?
What are the organisations that recognise Art and Literary works?
What is the importance of the main conflict in "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee?
Did the writer Stephen King ever reunite with his father?
Can you give me some inspiration about the Catcher of the Rye?
Should I major in film, comparative literature or Arabic?
How do I publish a collection of poetry in an easy and cheap way such that it also gets read by everyone?
Is French literature a good course to study?
What is character sketch in literature?
What is the best Brazilian literary work?
What is the advantagees of doing a literature review?
How many pages should you have for a poetry book?
What is the meaning of the poem "The Wind--- tapped like a tired Man" by Emily Dickinson?
Where can I publish my Malayalam stories and poems?
How can I write cheesy love poems?
What is a chiasm and what are some examples?
Is there some hidden, deep meaning to the short story entitled "Pop Art," written by Joe Hill?
Where did haiku poetry originate?
Is there any deep meaningful poem about life?
How can we praise someone's poetry?
What would be better titles for each ASOIAF book?
How can I be more enthusiastic while performing Shakespeare?
What percentage of ancient Greek literature is available to us now? Who are the most prevalent authors?
Where can I find bizarre texts that only exist on the internet?
Why is Great expectations written in first person?
How can you describe the importance of literature?
What do you think of all the lies Holden Caulfield told in the book The Catcher in the Rye?
What are the best books to read in philosphy?
What is file sharing history and literature review?
What is the poem where a guy runs up to a new born baby and asks him what was life like before being born and the baby just smiles?
What is a poem that relates to the song “Outta My System” in any way?
Which things are important in the master’s in English syllabus under the topic of the history of English literature?
Which is the best book for English literature for the IAS?
Shouldn’t works of Kalidasa, Sage Vyas, and Valmiki be taught as literature in Indian schools apart from Shakespeare?
What happens if very few people can understand your poems? Are they incompetent or are your poems too brilliant?
What are some of the darkest books/novels/poems that you've read? Fiction or Non-fiction.
Is Animal Farm a novel?
What is your favorite Shakespeare character to play?
Why is the book "To kill a Mockingbird" so popular?
What is the contribution of Chaucer in English poetry?
What are some examples of animism in literature?
What are examples of narrative hooks in literature?
Do I read Paulo Coelho books in a sequential order or haphazardly?
What is acmeism in literature?
What are some of the best quadrants (short poems) on HaikuJAM?
In Hills Like White Elephants by Hemingway and Cathedral by Carver, what are the 2 significant ways by which the 2 male characters are similar?
Where can I find notes on Muriel Rukeyser's The Poem as Mask?
What is more important, English language or English literature?
Who qualifies for the phrase ‘refinement personified’?
What are the methods and techniques that you use to analyse literature more thoroughly?
If I did well in English and literature in my O levels but I failed math, can I still apply for a foundation year in an overseas university?
What is the definition of “ambiguity” in English literature?
Do we need to put children in language and literature institutions to score above 92?
Why can't people have fish daemons?
What are some examples of slang in literature?
What are some examples of allegories in poetry?
How can you describe Fairyland by Edgar Allan Poe?
What are some examples of fate in religion, like “Romeo and Juliet”?
What do you call an elaborate tall story which ends abruptly for comedic effect?
Why might Shakespeare have begun the play Romeo and Juliet as he did in Act I?
What are the probable questions on the ISC 2017 English Literature?
What does it feel like to write erotic literature?
Do you remember a childhood story about a shepherd boy, who had cheese and apple every day for lunch, and had to decide which to eat first?
What have been the worst productions of Shakespeare plays?
How should I prepare for the CUCET for an MA in English literature?
What do graduates of English literature do in your country?
Are there any tricks to finding good reading on the literary magazine N+1's website?
Why is love said to be bourgeois?
What does “feet in the earth” in the poem mean?
What are some recommendations for some poems about perfectionism?
What are all the art movements in painting, literature, music, movie that originated in France like realism, impressionism, surrealism etc.?
What little-known texts would make for good choral music?
Which books or reading material would you recommend for someone interested in studying English Literature, as a hobby?
What is emprical literature review?
Is literature ultimately just entertainment?
What are some examples of emotional appeal in literature?
What is the difference between AP English Language and AP English Literature?
What is the relationship between Grete (the Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka) and Gretel (Hansel and Gretel)?
How do modern Pulitzer winning novels compare to famous "classic literature"?
What is your favorite poem that defines you?
Is there any chance of getting the same questions which were given in the 2015 ICSE English literature paper in 2017?
Does too much reading turn you nuts?
What novels have shaped you the most?
What can be considered Indian literature and what can’t? Is Indian literature one entity written in many languages?
What were the impacts of the Renaissance on English Literature?
Can you think of any novelist who has come up with a peculiar, very personal, writing style in the past 5 years (10 at most)?
If you could date any character from your favorite book, who would it be and why?
"Loneliness burns in towers of fire around us" by Christopher Poindexter.What does the quote mean?
What is a good compromise between sciences and literature?
What are the best short stories book to read which is available free on internet?
Who can answer my question about a German poem by Goethe?
Can science and literature go hand in hand?
How does literature review help you to prove the relevance of your research?
In ICSE English Literature, Can the 16 marks question come from poem?
Can there be a poem without imagery?
What are the biggest literary flaws in Twilight by Stephenie Meyer?
What are some good words and phrases to write a good answer in English literature?
Do some chemists read chemical equations the way normal people read literature?
What are the best subreddits for poetry?
What language and poetic devices does Lord George Gordon Byron use in "When We Two Parted"?
How many pages one should write for a 30 marks question in English Literature and is it okay if it is 2 and a half pages if the content is worthy?
Should teens read 1Q84 (Haruki Murakami)?
Which poem is the best long poem to recite in an inter-school competition?
What is the summary of the poem life by Henry Van dyke?
What are some of the best light hearted literatures would you recommend?
What are some good examples of syllable poems?
What role does logic, either inductive or deductive, play within the pattern of Woody Allen’s essay “My Speech to the graduates”?
What is a short poem on globalization?
Do you agree or disagree that men today have the same characteristics as Prufrock displayed in Eliot’s poem?
What questions are they most likely to ask about Macbeth and Jekyll & Hyde on the GCSE English Literature?
In Saadat Hassan Manto's short story "An Old Fashioned Man", what was the link between the miswak and Shadaan's death in the end?
Would you read memoir of an ordinary person?
What ancient languages (before 1 AD) have the most complete pieces of literature preserved?
In which book does Emile Zola tell the story of a woman who goes and stays with a tailor and his wife?
What are examples of empirical literature?
What does literature and mythology have in common?
Which is a better book to read, 1984 by James Orwell or Brave New World by Aldous Huxley?
How is a book to be read for remembring information long-term?
Who is the fair lady in the poem ‘London Bridge is falling down'?
Do you think that the Romeo and Juliet iPhone advert is misleading?
What are some references to fictional colors that exist in literature?
What's the scifi short story name (& author) about a single AI ship racing to escape a conquering solar-system-wide overmind?
Do theater production companies usually have permanently hired playwrights or are all the successful playwrights freelance?
What are the most common characteristics of fables?
How does William Faulkner use literary techniques to characterize Addie in "As I Lay Dying"?
Did Shakespeare write grotesque and macabre plays?
What is the difference between the contemporary poetry and spoken word?
How is assonance used in poetry?
What is your favorite book you have written?
I loved "Jane Eyre" and "Pride and Prejudice". What book(s) would you recommend that are similar?
Had Les Misérables' Gavroche survived, what would he have become as an adult?
Can I send poetry to The Hindu?
Does anyone disagree with any of these three moral propositions? If so, why?
Have you ever bought a book written by an unknown (to you) author based only on the front cover?
Can you get out of this cube alive?
What are your favorite modern and classic english literature books?
What are some short examples of foreshadowing?
What is your favourite short inspirational poem?
What are the different aspects of poetry?
What is a cohesive device? What are some examples?
What are the probable questions in English literature for 2018 ISC?
Who are some of the best fiction writers of the twentieth century?
Does Huckleberry Finn have a happy ending?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Bangladesh?
What is the poem "The Mother" about?
What is a list of literature you feel any intelligent person in art & film has to have?
What are the literary devices found in Hamlet act 1?
Is the literature review differ from the Systematic Review or the Systematic is a one type of the literature review?
What is the setting of the poem "The Pasture" by Robert Frost?
How should I manage to compete my English literature and novel of class 12th in 5 days? Is it possible or not?
What are the kinds of prose in literature?
What point is Dostoevsky making about saints' lives not being read in Orthodox liturgy (c.f. description)?
What does the line 'In the fell clutch of circumstance' mean in the poem 'Invictus'?
Which Jane Austen novel do you like the best? Why?
What is the importance of subjects in literature?
What is the best systematic approach to critically evaluate research findings in biomolecular literature?
Which books do you recommend to read while travelling around Europe?
Who does Stephen King consider the best writer?
Which mobile app is good for English literature students?
What are some of the most important pieces of literature in human history?
What software/technique do you use to organize your literature searches?
Is it true literature ages better than any other media?
If a novel was to be written on your love story, what would be the one incident that must be in it?
How do we change the emotional vibe/tone of a poem?
Which writer's novels do you recommend for the youth?
How does literature help us make sense of the unlike human condition?
When authors write literature, do they mean to have their work analyzed? (Do they purposely create metaphors, symbols, motifs etc.)?
Is there a literature reference book that covers all the techniques that were invented by the greatest authors?
How do I improve the quality of my poems?
What are successful prose styles in literature?
What makes a great question?
Who said/wrote these words: "The West is an open country as far as the eye can see; no walls, no borders, no future beyond what we maketh of thee."?
Could someone review the short story Boots by Anton Chekhov?
What are the good universities for mphil English literature in India?
What are some examples of hyperbole in The Great Gatsby?
Have any of you read the novel "Enduring Love"?
Who is the dead boy that Arya finds in the temple with four gold coins on his person?
Is Bloodraven a good person?
Is free verse poetry contrived or does it flow from the soul?
Is reading the summary of a text enough for a literature student like me?
Rap Music: Has any rapper been murdered worse on their debut album than Kendrick Lamar by Drake on Poetic Justice?
If you were to write the last line of the last tome of A Song of Ice and Fire, what would it be?
Is the poem "No Coward Soul Is Mine," written by Emily Bronte, considered an elegy?
Why is the poem called a fable?
Where can I find related literature about human presence detection sensors?
How will studying literature affect a person?
How is family structure in Shakespeare's plays?
Would you want your boyfriend to call you "mama"?
Why do people consider chopped-up prose poetry?
If you could choose which required books your students read, which would they be?
Did George Orwell write in an allegorical style?
Why is "The Scarlet Letter" a bad book?
Is Haruki Murakami's 1Q84 better translated into French or into English?
Which of Shakespeare's love sonnets are sad?
What is your opinion about spoiler paradox?
Which poems and short stories should you read for the ICSE 2017?
What is an example of an anecdote in literature?
What are some ways to understand William Shakespeare?
What was the first recorded myth?
In literature, do people get all the symbolism?
What are some novels adapted from movie screenplays?
My mother doesn't read much English literature. What novel should I gift her to read? She is 45 now.
Why is clothing (or lack of cover thereof, some types of nudity/exposing) connected with morality, in some jurisdictions or some cultures even today?
What are the fees for doing a PhD in English literature?
What is the greatest rap verse of all time?
Is the poem "Confession" by Bukowski included in any of his books?
Which poem of yours do you like the most?
Was William Shakespeare the real deal or a fraud?
In which language is Islamic literature present?
What do you think of Matthew Sweeney`s style of poetry?
How would you describe Hester Prynne from "The Scarlet Letter"?
Did the scene between Arya the cupbearer and Tywin happen in the books? I've looked for it more than once, but I can only assume it's not there.
How were the five elements of literature established?
Who are the best literary critics?
What is the maximum one can earn with a degree in English literature in India and in the USA?
What are some analytical insights on “L'étranger” by Albert Camus? I like how everyone interprets it differently. What are your thoughts?
What is the most read book?
Is there any career for literature students except teaching?
After the Divine Comedy, what is Dante’s most essential work?
What is literary voice?
If I will give you a title "Ten Thousand Leaves" for a poem, what do you think is the best story for it?
How did italicized text become associated with emphasis in literature?
What is modern Indian literature?
If I am good at English language and literature then which career should I choose?
What are the literary devices in the novel "The Great Gatsby"?
Which translations of different classics should be read?
Is there a mythical character who overcame fate/destiny?
What are the main themes of the poem, The Journey by Evan Boland?
What are some good examples of subversive literature/poetry from China?
What are some of the major themes in Macbeth?
Who/what are some poets and/or poems that addressed the persistence of memory and nostalgia?
What interesting explanation can I give to my teacher of English literature for being absent on all of his lectures?
Would a literature class be a requirement if you're interested in poetry?
What is the best literary sentence you have ever read/heard?
What are some examples of examples of sight rhyme in literature?
What are some of the best books in literature that a man should read?
Is the quality of literature diminishing?
What on earth does the novel The Green House authored by Mario Vargas Llosa indicate?
How do I find my interest in English literature? I am confused between history and English literature.
Who was the most famous playwright prior to William Shakespeare?
What is essential for a good poem?
What is the most dangerous book?
Has anyone gone through darkness but initially was in light but again came back to the light?
Is it possible to write pieces of literature without critiquing some aspect of society, as well as the author’s behaviors and needs?
What is the best character you've ever written?
What's the first poem written by Rabindranath Tagore?
Who is the best character created by Shakespeare?
What do you think about Milan Kundera's portrayal of women?
What are these kind of poems called?
What are some rare and brilliant classic books?
Did Dante Alighieri made up the depiction of hell he described in his Divine Comedy?
What is the form and/or nature of Dante's (The Divine Comedy) adaptation?
What are some examples of cheesy love poems?
How can I write instead of buying and reading books?
With honesty, how do you know whether or not you're a good writer?
What does an ellipsis followed by an exclamation mark evoke?
What are some examples of sensory poems?
What is the best way to conduct literature search in Pharmacovigilance?
Have you read Virgin Soil Upturned (Mikhail Sholokhov)?
What are some funny literature jokes?
What is the meaning of following poetry?
What was the name of the Hindi short story where a fan of a writer happens to be on the same train? He irritates the author during the entire journey.
Does "Behold X, in all X's glory" refer to something?
Who is your favorite author amongst the Brontes?
Is there any literary figure who loves/loved to solve everday problems?
What is literature review, abstract, conclusion and future of scope of air bearing?
What is a good analysis of the poem "The Eagle" by Alfred Lord Tennyson?
Are TV shows and movies considered literature?
What literary devices make poetry beautiful?
Why is The Wife of Bath’s Tale a literary masterpiece?
What are some examples of oration in literature?
Is Camus’ The Stranger written to be intentionally funny?
What is that one quote that keeps you up at night?
What are some major elements of Native American literature?
What are two important literary sources of Mauryan History?
What is a character in literature?
How do you interpret Eleven Minutes by Paulo Coelho?
What are the types of drama in literature?
What have you found most interesting in English literature?
Which is the best country to learn literature and cooking?
As a student of English literature and being fond of writing, how can I get an internship in Femina or in any magazine?
Do fiction readers love Ruskin Bond and his works? Why do most of them have Chetan Bhagat and Amitav as their favourite?
What do you think is the most beautiful and wonderful inspirational and motivational poem ever?
What are some websites where you can share your literature?
Ernest Hemingway has been dead for over 50 years. Why are most of his books still in copyright?
What is the introduction of Othello?
What exactly defines "litRPG" as a genre? Is it simply a story set in a world governed by game-like mechanics?
What are some PG-13 moments in Romeo and Juliet?
What is literature review in the scientific method?
Would you read a romantic love novel or a science fiction novel or a mythological fiction novel?
What would be the best simplified short piece of an “Animal Farm” allegory depicting the current global political situation?
Why was the Elizabethan Age called the Golden Age of English literature?
Who was Julius Ceasar?
Is there any interdisciplinary journal on science and literature?
What university major suits a love for psychology, biology, literature, and travel?
What are your favourite books from the Iliad & Odyssey?
What if you have written a poem for your lover and now you can't make her read it because she is not around you anymore? What will you do with that poem?
What are some teen novels written by European authors?
Does "bad" literature exist?
What is the marking scheme of the poetry of the Psalm of Life in English literature for 2017?
What are some blogs for Konkani literature?
What poems and prose will come in ISC 2017?
Who was shakespeare's sister?
How do scarlet and crimson colors differ?
What villains of classical literature do you love the most?
What are some common examples of legends in literature?
What are the features of an epic poem?
What do I have to look for when annotating a poem?
Who is more famous in the history of English literacy, Daniel Defoe or Jonathan Swift?
What are the good topics for doing research in literature?
Have you ever read Classical Chinese poetry in English and what Chinese traditional culture did you learn from the poetry?
Why is Shakespeare the greatest writer ever in history?
In Camus's The Stranger, why does Meursault shoot the Arab a few more times after he kills him?
How can I get a short poem on rain in English?
How I can post a poem on Quora?
Why did Lorraine kill Ben in "The Women of Brewster Place?”
What are the characteristics of the 3 types of irony?
How do you learn how to set up atmospheres in literature?
Which is the best poetry blog?
What are some of the main differences between A level English Literature and GCSE?
Which writers can be said to be in the same league as Shakespeare as far as literary talent goes?
Is there a website with countless number of interesting excerpts from the English literature?
What is the best way to define vignette in literature?
What is the most common allusion in literature?
Is Islam comparable with the US constitution?
What are examples of archaic diction?
Has anyone read the book by Dmitry Dobrovolsky, "The Faithful Steward"?
"Women's position in society reflects this society's level of development" - whose quote is this?
What are the differences between the real Alexander the Great and Iskandar in Iranian beliefs and Persian literature?
What is a good analysis of the poem "Continuum" by Allen Curnow?
What characterizes American poetry?
Is Stephen King and Peter Straub's "The Talisman" a good book?
How could I get an A star for English Literature A level?
What is the summary of the poem Dover Beach?
What authors are the best at developing characters?
What are some words to describe Lady Macbeth in Act 1?
What is the idea behind the whipping poem?
Should James Michener have won the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What books are written by esther hicks?
What is so-called Dalit literature? What is the main moral in it?
What are the novels and story books written in most colloquial style by the British writers?
What is the theme of the short story – Lottery by Munshi Premchand?
How would you change a piece of literature or film to make it better?
Do you know of any famous Chick Lit writer couples?
What are some short suspense stories?
How is "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka an example of modernist literature?
What is a good introduction for the poem 'Kubla Khan' by Samuel Taylor Coleridge?
What are the latest genre trends in Mexican literature?
What is the scope of an M.Phil in English Literature?
What's wrong with Young Adult literature?
How and where can I learn English literature and poetry?
In Faust, why is the Gretchenfrage so important?
What is “blank verse” in English literature?
What do the following lines of Invictus mean?
In Briar Rose (Grimm’s), what is the meaning of the crab?
How would literature become bad for you?
What literary theory quote states that you find 'the truths' by yourself (without a text)?
Critically analyze the poem Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night considering the literary tools the poet has used?
How would you rate my poems in the following link?
What can you infer about the midnight watch from Bernardo's speech?
What are some examples of elegiac tone in literature?
What makes the poem "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe so powerful?
What does baroque mean, specifically in literature?
What enhances quality of life more, science or literature?
What are entry points for venturing into Russian literature and theatre? (preferably with English translations, international editions)
What was the relationship between Shakespeare and the Dark Lady?
What is traditional poetry, and what are some examples?
What is the difference between modern and traditional African literature?
What are your thoughts on The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What does the title '' to build a fire '' in Jack London's short story means?
How can I become a famous author?
How would you explain alliteration in literature?
How are winter alliterations applied in poems?
What does wearable poetry mean?
How do I properly say "the volcano ended" when referring to a person's feelings?
In your opinion, why are people interested in literature containing themes of sexuality or pornography?
Where can I get the Tamil short stories books for free?
What group should I take in ICSE to get a BA in English literature?
What are works of literature similar to House Of Cards?
With his writings and performance travels many people must have met William Shakespeare. Why is so little known about him?
What are the characteristics of a metrical pattern in poetry?
What was the first fan fiction ever written?
Is it possible for an average student to go for higher studies in English literature in Oxbridge?
Do creatures like mermen and winged men truly exist in the world of A Song of Ice and Fire? If they do, would it hurt the "realism" of the series?
What is intertextuality in literature?
What are some poems about the Illuminati, conspiracies, or law?
Can someone help me, how do I learn the written notes in English literature forever as I am not able to focus at all?
Is Eegan a Tamil word? Can you provide examples from literature?
What is cloture (context)?
Does region influence the quality of literature in Indian subcontinent?
What can you infer from the style of prose in a poem?
What is the difference between form and content in poetry?
How can a person stop thinking he/she is better than other people?
What poems would you suggest me to read?
Which novel of Stefan Zweig do you like the most and why?
What do Westerners think about Chingiz Aitmatov and his books?
Why do people say 'I don't know nothing' even though it is wrong in English?
Can I get a scholarship to study literature or history in European countries?
What are some hubris examples in literature?
What are some must-read books written by female writers?
Was the book The Alchemist emotional?
What are the awards given to books respective to their genre?
Where can I talk with anyone from Zakir Husain Delhi College who is studying a master’s in Literature?
Which books should I compare for my English literature A level coursework?
How do you rate my new hindi poem at  http://rksmonk.blogspot.in/?m=1?
How is greed represented in literature?
What are the best things about Telugu literature?
What are the job opportunities once an individual graduates with a degree in English literature?
What is the purpose of an active voice in stories?
Did Franz Kafka speak Czech?
Who is Chaucer? What are his works and what are the features of his poetry?
How deep should I go in writing a feasibility study? What should I include in the literature review (mixed method)?
Oscar Wilde and socialism: "The Soul of Man under Socialism" illustrates a lot of his views, but are there any socialist poems of Wilde?
Should we lengthy answers or concise to the point answers for ICSE English literature exam?
What were Mark Twain's other pseudonyms?
Which chapters are most likely to come in ICSE English Literature 2017?
Who is your favorite author of teen books?
In Othello by Shakespeare, what themes are developed in Act I? How? And how do they inter-relate?
What are the best foreign author's book (in English) to start with for a person who is new to English literature?
Which are some short story collections that speak about immigrant experience by male writers?
Why do people study literature?
Which way do the toppers follow in English literature for understanding the text? Do they just underline the points and understand them?
What is so cool about the opening sentence of 1984 by George Orwell?
What are the elements of literary analysis?
What are some common literary techniques?
What are the 10 Hindi poems that changed the country?
How many historical parallels are there in Margaret Atwood's "The Handmaid's Tale"?
What is necessary for a graduate degree in English literature?
Why does the theme of sacrifice recur in O. Henry's stories, like The Gift of the Magi, One Thousand Dollars and The Last Leaf?
Are Shakespeare’s works plagiarised?
What poems and prose are likely to come in ISC 2018?
What is the US dollars equivalent of the ransom in Macbeth?
What's your favorite philosophy book? Any recommendation?
Which book is better for the history of English literature, Routledge or Longe?
Which modern languages have the most impressive culture?
In ASOIAF how is it possible that Jeyne Poole is sent to be married to Ramsay Snow as Arya Stark and none of the northern lords are able to identify her as an imposter?
In writing a synopsis/summary from the first-person point of view, can we refer to the narrator using the author's name?
What are examples of the symbolism of violence in The Great Gatsby?
Why am I so obsessed with the idea of metaphorical death in my literary criticism?
What are some situations/arguments of fate bringing together Romeo and Juliet to meet in Act 1?
Could someone help me with the scansion of the first verse of Love's Philosophy?
For English Ph.D programs, what are the differences between Harvard and Berkeley?
What artistic movement will replace Postmodernism?
Where and how would I go about submitting some short stories of mixed or nondescript genres?
What are the best small logical programs you have ever written?
How do I get a poem taken down/off of Poetry.com?
What book of contemporary poetry should I read next?
How does literature create change in the world?
Why isn't J.R.R. Tolkien mentioned in books like 'History of English' as a great author?
How do I frame a good English literature question?
What are some of the greatest literary works in regional Indian languages?
What were some characteristics of Transcendentalist poems?
How does the literature review impact the methodology?
Is grammar and formating too important in poetry?
What is zoomorphism in literature?
What is your favorite subject, math, language arts, science, history, or reading/literature? This is for my math class, so please leave your name.
What makes a story important?
What are some examples of poems with five stanzas?
Can you compose a free verse romantic poem dedicated to your lover/crushes/hubby/wife?
How much sense does Parmenides' philosophy have today?
What are the main elements of modernism in literature?
Have you ever written a poem?
Has any ancient Roman solder ever written a book about being caught enslave and freed by their're enemy?
How can I stay engaged reading complex literature?
Would you post a sonnet (14 line poem) - not from the internet but written by you?
I want to read an inspiring, yet interesting book, written by an Indian author - which book should I read?
What does Kahlil Gibran mean when he says " I despised my soul when it limped in front of the crippled"?
What is the Indian love story which is equal to Romeo and Juliet?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Winter" by Shakespeare?
What are some examples of thematic subjects in literature?
Why were the wildling spearwives killing people at Winterfell under Mance's orders, assuming they were the killers?
Can I impress girl by writing poems?
What are some examples of grotesque in literature?
What's the meaning of this part from "Fei Du" by Jia Pingwa?
Should I attempt extra questions on the ISC English literature paper?
Are you following "Nepal Literature Festival-2017"? What do you feel about it?
Can you recall a particular text that ignited your love of literature?
When is a poem a poem?
What is the meaning of 'appropriateness of a title' of a short story?
Do you think it's good to track books you've read?
What are some examples of triplet poems?
How do I market books that I've written?
Is Kafka an expressionist or an existentialist?
What do you think of my first poem (in the comments)?
How do you prepare for the entrances for an M.A. in English literature?
Is there any recommendatio of English websites where I can find readers' comments on Chinese literature apart from "Amazon" and "Goodreads"?
What is the most efficient way to write a literature review in economics?
What ASOIAF characters do you relate to and why?
How can I develop the skills that go into studying English literature?
What are the best anonymous poems ever?
What are the reasons of not understanding English literature texts clearly?
Are there any stories or novels that are similar to The Great Gatsby and Flowers for Algernon that I should read?
What thematic message is Hawthorne conveying by having his central symbol in the novel, the scarlet letter, change meaning throughout the novel?
How can I read 500 pages of a book in a day?
What are the probable chapters and poems for ISC 2017 English Literature?
Were lions (Panthera Leo) ever mentioned in Indian literature or cave art before the coming of Alexander?
What are some classic works of literature?
Why did Albert Camus win the literature Nobel prize for his novel "The Stranger"?
How do you take notes from a poem?
What is the role of Literature in the humanities?
What is a Hindi song or poem which has "message" as a theme?
How do I search for relevant medical literature?
What are examples of dramatic techniques in the work, “As You Like It”?
Is the second novel written by Savi Sharma, This Is Not Your Story, the continuation of her debut novel, Everyone Has a Story, or a fresh one?
What is a good example of iamb in poetry?
How do I improve my ability to produce strong and powerful writings?
What are the social classes in "Animal Farm"?
Where is the famous & prestigious Tamil quote "Kal thondri man thondra kalathu mun thondriya mutha kudi tamil kudi" from?
Is there any way I could get a copy of the short story 'Bankubabur Bandhu' that was published in 'Sunday Suspense' written by Satyajit Ray?
Is the wolf from Little Red Riding Hood the same wolf that's in The Three Little Pigs?
Is it advisable to attend the essay type question in English literature (ICSE)?
Where can I find some good poems about mothers?
Why do fewer people participate in Literary Club ABES-EC events even though they are exciting?
What is the best piece of writing (poem, story, song, etc.) you’ve ever done?
What are some good short stories in Hindi to read with my wife?
How much is Louis-Ferdinand Céline known outside of French-speaking countries?
Is a degree in literature worth it? What kind of skills do you get out of studying literature? Lastly, what kind of job opportunities are available to literature majors?
What are some historical stories written by Munshi Premchand?
What is the relationship between linguistics, literary criticism and stylistics?
What are some poems about a sister-in-law?
What are some inductive reasoning examples in literature?
What are the major aspects of the Victorian literature?
How does reading literature help our daily lives?
Is the euphoria or insight gained by finishing a great book a real indication of personal growth, or is it only a temporary illusion?
How do I organize a literature festival ik my school?
What is the best option for a Post Graduate in English Literature for further studies?
Has Geetanjali Sharma read the book "Geetanjali" (by Rabindranath Tagore)?
Is there any connection between Albert Camus and James Joyce?
Is it reasonable for me to major in something because it's good for me?
Why does Dawkins insist that the Bible is of literary merit when he knows perfectly well that it is not?
Was Marlowe a great writer on level with Shakespeare?
Can you recommend fictional literature that describes the feeling of being in romantic love?
What is the best language to express human feelings and emotions?
Which tablet PC should I use for reading academic literature?
How does work construct classic?
What are examples of Anglo-American literature?
Why do people read Proust?
Has Donald Trump mastered the teachings of "The Art of War" making Hillary think he was weak when he was actually strong?
What film TV show/book that you have watched/read had the best structure and plot?
What are some good examples of plots that depict white supporting character helping a POC protagonist without falling into "white savior" cliche?
What is an example of a poem about youth?
What could be a poem on family/friends/relation?
What are some examples of external conflicts used in popular books?
Does handwriting matter on the ISC literature paper?
What value-added courses can my daughter undergo in the three years if she takes up BA English Literature?
What is the difference between negative thinking and bad thinking?
What are some examples, if any, of Danish-language poetry in the existentialist tradition?
Why does Shakespeare name his characters after places?
What is dramatic irony? How would you explain through various instances from the play 'Much Ado About Nothing'?
What are the kinds of dialogue in Macbeth?
What are some examples of diction and syntax in literature?
Can you give me an example when art was used to influence international relations?
What are your favorite short stories that you can read in under an hour? Assuming you are reading out loud.
Why do many authors use similes, metaphors and personifications in their writings?
How can I make people read and like my page on poetry on Facebook?
What are the themes of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
How is a professional writer defined as opposed to an amateur writer?
Which is the best book written by Julia Quinn?
How do you analyze/critique a poem?
What is the most essential characteristic that distinguishes beautifully written prose and free-verse poetry?
How does Shakespeare use form and structure in Macbeth?
Can you post a romantic poem you've written?
What is the role of illustration in children literature?
Can someone identify an author or scientist that was obsessed with patterns? So much he isolated himself in a room and only let his wife see him.
What literary devices are found in The Odyssey?
What activities are creative to perform in a literature club?
Is it true that today, commercial fiction is bland garbage, while only some innovative literature will be remembered as classics in the future?
What does "how the flies or spiders fare in it" means in "on the spirit of obligations" by William Hazlitt?
What does refrain represent in a literary device?
How do you find the theme of a poem?
Who are the important masochist figures in world literature, opera and theater plays?
How known is Mihai Eminescu in other countries than Romania?
I've a Computer Science background but I'm interested in writing. What are my career options and how do I approach them?
What topics should I opt for in a PhD in English Literature?
What is Marxism in literature?
Why has Osho not conferred the Nobel Prize in Literature yet?
Which are the most important chapters for ISC XII English Literature?
What is the personification of a story?
What are some famous novels where fire is a large theme?
What are some beautiful simple short poems?
Is it true that in Amsterdam, if no one will come to your funeral, a poet will make a poem for you? If so, can you provide some of these poems?
What is the best philosophical novel?
Was the Mother of God icon (Theotokos of Vladimir?) included amongst the reforms of the Russian patriarch Nikon (1605–1681)?
How do I start a literature review, considering I need to review 2 journal articles on my chosen research area?
What are some of Shakespeare's most brilliant quotes?
Is there a "wrong" way to interpret a work of literature?
What do the following lines mean: "Insolence is not logic, epithets are arguments of malice"?
What is the meaning of the following sentences by George Eliot?
What skills do A scoring English (Literature) students have over C scoring students?
What is the feminist approach to the study of literature?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "Love" by Roy Croft?
What influenced Billy Collins poetry?
How can I pursue journalism after BA in English literature?
What are some examples of chiasmus in literature?
What are some examples of diction in literature?
What are the characteristics of an epic poem?
What is the most important thing to remember when writing a poem?
In To Kill a Mockingbird, who follows the rules/laws? How?
What are the novels you found amazing and would recommend to others?
What is the difference between features, techniques and characteristics in literature?
Who are some of the best Indian authors trending in the 21st century?
How can I publish my Hindi poems and story?
What are the characteristics of English literature?
What is the summary of “Ecology,” a​ poem by A.K.Ramanujan?
Which question can be include in real estate literature review?
Would anyone say "there's the rub" today if Shakespeare hadn't written it into Hamlet?
Would an English major be considered for someone that's interested in poetry?
Can I use the phrase "immoral relative to the prevalent ethics of the intersubjective reality" to state that morality is a social construct?
Is there any literature on possible common features in the lives of terrorists, if any?
How Bhavageetegalu are different from other forms of poetry in Kannada?
What are some examples of analogy in Chapter 1 of The Great Gatsby?
How is Ray Bradbury perceived by literary critics and scholars?
How did Joseph Conrad influence the literary World?
What should I expect from, and how should I prepare for, an Open University English Language and Literature degree? What are some reviews?
Where can one find the obscure works (i.e. plays and poems) of Nikos Kazantzakis ("Julian the Apostate", "Odysseus", "Tertsinas", etc.)?
What is a good novel to start with if I like fantasy books and dystopian books?
Are Robert Frost's poem "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening" and Harivansh Rai Bachchan's poem "Agneepath" inspired by the same philosophy?
What are some classic literature novels I can read during the school holidays?
Could Werther have overcome his issues through self-discipline?
Why is Franz Kafka not one of the best writers from the Czech Republic in most of the lists of top writers on the Internet?
Which is the best English poem you have ever read?
What are the essentials/classic books for a beginner in Russian Literature?
Have you read Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry? What did you think of it?
What are some examples of abstract language in literature?
Are there any good English translations of Tamil literary works?
What is the difference between a BA in literature and a BA in communicative English?
How do college students get help with English literature if no one offers to help them?
Which books should I consult for net for my English literature and how should I prepare myself for it?
What is the Islamic ruling on literature?
Where is the poem in the final problem from?
What is the poem The Sentry about?
Is there such a thing as a literature based PhD in neuroscience; if so where can I find it?
Does understanding poetry make you a better creative writer?
How well do Chuck Tingle's works reflect the zeitgeist of mid-2010s America?
What is your review of the book "Against democracy" by Jason Brennan?
Is it beneficial to take literature of the regional language in the UPSC Mains?
How can I promote a literature blog?
What are some good and free literary magazine?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Indonesia?
How many books can one read in their lifetime?
What books should NO ONE read, because they change you for the worse?
How do I start and end an answer for ICSE English Literature Paper?
How can someone who reads the first book of the Griffith Ramayana revert to Hinduism?
What do you think of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
Is the "Pink Letter" received by Jon Snow at the end of ADWD true? Was it really sent by Ramsay Bolton?
How did Charles Dickens get inspiration for his books?
Which literary character’s life would you like to live for 1 week?
What are examples of literary devices in "Sonnet 18"?
How is gender portrayed in British literature?
Who is the cutest person on Game of Thrones?
Which one is the best Urdu novel of Urdu literature, like as we have Pride and Prejudice from English Literature?
What makes Oliver Twist a good book?
What are some American websites/forums where I can read the lastest short stories?
Which are the best selling novels of all time?
Are literature and cinema equally complex art forms? Is one a higher form of art than the other?
Was the end of Romeo and Juliet happy?
Is there an literature encyclopedia that covers most of the masterpieces and explain to us what makes them stand apart?
Who shot The Great Gatsby at the end of the book?
What does "Aleph" means in Paulo Coelho's book?
What are your top three favorite poems?
What is the name of a short story about aliens offering to fix earth’s problems by taking control for a long time?
How and where can I publish my master's thesis?
What is the best classic book written in English that you have ever read?
What is a good example of a literary analysis summary?
Is The Great Gatsby a story of obsessive, irrational love?
What does the metaphor "Wind in trust, wind in sleep" mean for you?
What are the benefits of learning literature?
Is Screen Literature being taught as a course to the literature students across the globe?
Have you ever written a pet resume?
What can you do with an English literature or modern languages degree?
Could you name some important literary books and authors?
Is there any reason I should consider reading Russian classics?
What are subjects that should be added to primary and secondary school as "Mandatory"?
Where can I listen to famous English poems?
What are the characteristics of Anglo-American literature?
Why is Ma'a Nonu considered to be a great centre player?
Is English literature a good optional subject for the UPPSC? Where can I get the previous years’ papers for English literature?
Who is the smartest woman in literature?
How do I become knowledgeable and interesting?
How can I improve my literature vocabulary?
What is a good platform for upcoming poets and writers?
Do you think JK Rowling actually cares about her fans?
Why is poetry better than drama?
I'm in the strangely specific mood for a mature high fantasy novel with superpowers in it. What do you recommend?
What is the main idea of the poem water is a lovely thing?
What is Ali AlShamsi's favorite book?
What are some poems you wrote about friendship?
What are some examples of caesura in literature?
What's the point of (f) Aegon's storyline?
What are some of the most condensed and important zen teachings?
What are some other movies like "Midnight in Paris" which celebrate literature or depict the magical artistic era?
Which literature course to go for in United States?
Where can we find good literature on overlaying?
What is the difference between classical literature and traditional literature?
What is the procedure for getting admission to IGNOU for a BA in English Literature?
What are some examples of a tercet?
What are some good braj poems or songs I can read?
What was the main theme of "The Diary of a Young Girl"?
Is In Search of Lost Time autobiographical?
What are some examples for simile in literature?
What are your favourite Persian poems?
How doesth thou talk like Shakespeare?
How will it be, if I go for literature or philosophy after BTech?
What are the differences between Renaissance and the Enlightenment in terms of literature?
What are some of the most famous couples in literature?
Where can I find a PDF version of the English translation of the Marcel Proust text “The Sunbeam on the Balcony”?
Do professors find it harder to keep up with the literature with increasing time?
What is your favourite literary quote?
Have you had any experience hosting a Shakespeare Reading party?
What are the most probable pieces of prose and poetry for ISC 2018?
What are some examples of short story dialogues?
What is a poem that could be considered "opposite" to the Charge of the light brigade poem?
What is the most famous book written in the form of letters between people?
What is good literature for learning calligraphy?
In what unique and out-of-the-box way is literature more than just entertainment?
Who is the most virtuous character in Shakespeare's plays? Who is the most depraved?
When reading a translated book, do we read the writer or the translator?
Is there a trace of American national identity in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
Is it healthy to teach modern writers Shakespeare?
Is 'To Kill A Mockingbird' a good novel for an 8th grader with an 11th grade reading level?
How should we define the following item: Romanticism (in American literature)?
What can I do in order to understand poetry well?
What are your favorite poems ever?
What are some examples of elision in literature?
What is a good poem about marriage?
What are the characteristics of a verbal and a dramatic irony?
What will the role of Bran Stark in GoT be?
What is the best book/poem to be studied for literature?
Can a depiction of something that never happened still be authentic?
What did the Little Prince learn from the rose?
How can I get help for scansion of English poetry?
Are all the “Picture of Dorian Gray” new editions the original version?
How is literature represented in The Book of Sand by Jorge Luis Borges?
What does poem number 006 in Gitanjali mean?
What are some examples of romantic period literature?
What are the best literature programs in Europe?
What are some of the similar novels of 1984by George Orwell?
What is the poem written by Hannah that Ryan publishes in 13 Reasons Why?
Which books can I read except literary books?
What is the best didactic poetry?
Which words can be meaning in a poetry?
What are some best research proposals ever written?
How many parts are there in the novel 'Nandhipurathu Nayaki'?
What is the most descriptive paragraph you have ever read?
What are some of the most famous cats in literature?
What are different types of themes in literature?
Could algorithms ever match or surpass human literary scholars?
Which is the best inspiring book written by Mr. Khushwant Singh?
What is the importance of visual devices in poetry?
Is "Romeo and Juliet" a comedy, tragedy, or both?
How can I prepare to be a teacher of language arts?
What current texts will be classics in fifty years; perhaps studied in English classes?
The war has left its “r” behind and turned into love. What do these lines from the poem “Another Planet” by Dunya Mikhail mean?
How do the Chinese people see the African literature?
How can one write a literature review for a thesis in a much shorter time?
Can you tell me extracts that might come up from act 1 and 2 macbeth?
What is a common theme in Pride and Prejudice to Shakespeare's King Lear or Macbeth?
Where is Romeo and Juliet's hero's journey flawed?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
Was Margaery Tyrell actually having sex with someone?
How is the life of an English Literature student?
Name some short stories that give us the moral of not underestimating a common man.
What are the main characteristics of an epic hero found in the poem "Beowulf"?
Which are some of the best works of futuristic fiction written by women?
What fictional world has the most unique looking creatures?
How do I get recognized for my poetry?
Why did Friar Laurence marry Romeo and Juliet?
Is there a website that shows amazing descriptive passages from English literature?
Would you please recommend a book that demonstrates the application of different literary criticisms to one/different literary/practical texts?
In the "Tragedy of Macbeth," why does Macbeth decide to kill Macduff after seeing the 8 kings apparition?
What do androids and robots have to do with ecocritcism?
What extraordinary thing would you do to make your book brilliant?
How would you summarize the purpose of life in one sentence?
Can anybody provide me the translation of a good poem by Rashtrakavi Kuvempu?
How important is John Keats in the history of English poetry?
Why doesn’t the Philippines have a lot of literature?
I've been reading books of Haruki Murakami and have loved the different culture portrayed. What are some other good books by Japanese authors?
Where can I find a PDF of the "Way to Successful ICSE English Literature Papers" book by the Frank Brothers?
What are the differences in approaching romantic paintings and poetry?
What classic novels are very readable even still for a modern person?
What are the characteristics of romantic poetry?
What is an example of a transcendental poetry?
What are some examples of visual imagery in literature?
Do English-speaking Catholics even recognize good literature of the KJV?
Who infleuenced William Faulkner?
Is there a widely-acclaimed book that you have read and absolutely hated?
Were Romeo and Juliet wrong to disobey their families by continuing to see one another and did they get what they deserved in the end?
What can I couple with a master’s in English literature to be able to assure myself a good lifestyle?
What is issue based literature?
What characteristics define a dynamic character in literature?
What year was Macbeth set in?
How can you describe the 3 types of poetry?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
Which is the best collection of ghost stories written by an Indian Author?
What is a viable business model for literary journals?
How can we become the legend of literature?
What is the connection between Macbeth and 1984?
Have the issues that Lee discusses in “To Kill a Mockingbird” been resolved or are they ongoing?
What is the point of Donalbain in Macbeth?
How would you rewrite 50 Shades of Grey?
What is an example of a dramatic situation in poetry?
What are the individual purposes of the separate forms of literature?
How can I learn to understand poems?
Would the Harry Potter series be different if all the principal characters were black instead of white?
What is the significance of Osip Mandelstam in literature?
What is a paraphrased version of the poem "Freedom to the Slave" by Henry Derozio?
Can someone help me in English poetry?
Why didn't women perform on the stage in Shakespeare's time?
What are some good examples of allusion poems?
Why we should take you for our assistant professor of English literature?
Are there any recordings of George Orwell's voice?
How do I post my poem on Kavita’s Blog? I'm hitting the submit post button, but I am unable to see my poem.
Why are novels also considered as a part of Literature in Tamil?
What recent Italian police-procedural novels are both well-written and gracefully translated into English?
How are 'hot' and 'white' together an oxymoron (in the poem 'Catrin' by Gillian Clarke)?
How​ many types of satire are there in English literature?
How can I regain the love for literature?
What are some examples of ergodic literature?
What are some must-read books on philosophy?
Has anyone with Asperger's ever written a successful novel?
What are the main features of Georgian poetry?
Who are the top 10 must read writers in literature?
Why are people who love books so bad at Math?
What are the cutting edge text mining studies in cancer related literature?
Who are the most interesting English language poets of the 20th century?
What role does objective perspective serve in literature?
Which Pakistani authors would you recommend for reading?
What is Spinoza's greatest contribution in modern society?
From what collection of poems does Thomas Hardy's "Men Who March Away" come from?
Can you explain all the different layers and meanings behind the book Animal Farm?
Can you please define the exact meaning of an absurdist drama in English literature by giving a valid example?
What are some cool poem ideas about marriage?
Which are the best of Jaun Eliya poetry?
What can a high school junior do to get ready for studying English Literature?
Which scene from a Shakespearean drama is best to play on stage, and why?
How do you develop good taste for high class arts: literature, drama, movies, music, etc.?
What's the greatest line in literature?
What are some interesting essay topics relating to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet?
What is the poem “At the Seaside” by Robert Louis Stevenson about?
What are some of the most terrifying cosmic horrors that aren't from the cthulhu mythos?
If Tomas Tranströmer represents a certain type of Swedish naturalist psychological poet, who among Scandinavian literary figures is his counterpart?
How do the different literary types and forms compare and contrast?
What novels would you suggest I read, if I like Nora Roberts, Paulo Coelho and Sophie Kinsella?
What is popular literature?
[SPOILER] In the book of Murder on the Orient Express (1934), did Countess Adrenyi know of the murder plan?
What poem does Holden Caulfield refer to in "The Catcher in the Rye"?
Which books or pieces of literature are not protected by copyright for making audiobooks for selling? Is it different between countries?
Why must there be meaning behind your writing?
What do you make of the new Arianne chapter?
What is the definition of deviance in English literature? Any detailed examples?
What English novels, any genre, would you recommend to someone?
Is Polonius a sociopathic opportunistic old fool?
What is the meaning of the quote “People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily”?
What are the best topics to research in Indian English literature?
Which is the most grammatically hard book, with the oldest language, written by William Shakespeare?
What's the difference between anecdote and satire?
Why is the setting Athens in Chaucer's "The Knight's Tale"?
What are examples of a paradox in literature?
Where and how should I seek qualified children literature writers?
Why should I prefer Stephen King over other authors? What differentiates him? Also, which books will you recommend written by him?
How is the concept of cultural encounter treated in the short story “One Out of Many” by V. S. Naipaul?
What is the significance of the title of the second coming poem by W.B. Yeats?
How are figures of speech used in poems?
Where would I be in ten years if I graduate with a degree in English literature through Xavier's College (Mumbai) and have learnt a foreign language?
How has literature shaped our minds?
What are some examples of characterization in the play "Romeo and Juliet"?
What are some of the greatest conflicts in all of literature?
How did the scene in A Storm of Swords where Dany masturbates in her cabin and is finished off by Irri in any way add to the story or her character?
In literary criticism, what is the second-person style of free indirect discourse (FID) sometimes attributed to Dostoevsky?
What is a shadow queen in history?
What is the literary tradition in Geography?
Can Awdhesh Singh give interesting short stories?
What do you absolutely hate about something you love?
How do I get AO2 marks on my English Literature A-Level Exam (AQA)?
How are the different types of irony applied in literature?
What are the elements of tragedy in literature?
What is literary criticism today?
What types of writing conventions are we using in the classical literature of English in 2017?
Can I make the use case diagram for a literature review?
Have not taught in over 15 yrs and my creative writing skills have dulled. Calling for help with opening ice breaking statements to calm the nerves.
Is there something that's lost in translation, that Pushkin's translated poem in English don't seem so special?
If literature aims to reveal the truth about society, is it really fiction?
In To Kill A Mockingbird, why did Jem break Scout's baton after destroying Mrs Dubose's Camellias?
In the short story Goodbye Africa why the wife traitress her husbant?
What work of literature, from our current time, will still be read hundreds of year from now on?
What kind of work can I choose to do when majoring in English language and literature?
Who was the Casino guy Mr. Wednesday met in Las Vegas?
What are some good books containing collection of short stories by Indian writers?
What is a literary device for "running out of time"?
Why do we need to read books by different authors?
Is Kipling's poem "Fuzzy Wuzzy" racist, or a panegyric?
What have you learned from the novel Brida by Paulo Coelho?
Is Pasolini's poetry as good as his films?
What is the process of doing a literature review?
Could you recommend me a modern novel that is not too heavy, yet with a good message/purpose, which is easy to read and analyse?
To what extent were the writers of the Enlightenment self-aware of their own movement?
Is it true that Kurt Vonnegut never used a semicolon in any of his works?
Which poem is this line from: "All the world's a stage…"?
What makes a book world literature?
What do the deaths of Myrtle, Mr. Wilson, and Gatsby represent about the American Dream?
What are some of the best novels to read during a time of frustration?
Which Harry Potter Ilvermorny and/or Hogwarts house would Obama be sorted into?
How will I review resources in a literature review?
Are America's greatest cultural achievements in film and music rather than literature and art?
Why did Quora Moderation mark this question as "may need editing" when it does not require editing?
What are sonnet components?
How do I critically analyse a poem?
How can a country quickly increase the quantity and quality of its cultural output?
What have been the most artistically significant novels of the last 20 years?
What is the summary of the poem ‘The Heart of the Tree’ by Henry Cuyler Bunner?
Can anybody provide the complete content of the poem: "The Flower" by Ivan Turgenev?
Is John Updike's short story A&P public domain?
What are some good poetry collection by Rabindranath Tagore other than "The Gardener" And “Geetanjali” in English?
What is the longest sentence you have ever encountered?
How am I supposed to read poetry?
Are there any fantasy characters that are great cooks?
How can I get myself to enjoy literature in English?
What is a literary ballad?
What is some quality literature about kanban in manufacturing?
What does Mary Wollstonecraft think about religion?
Which are the best books of American literature for NET?
As an American Literature major, what should I be doing in my own time to add to my education?
Should there be more focus on the production and consumption of literature than there currently is? And what isn't literature in your opinion?
Can you tell from the writing in the Harry Potter series that the author is a woman?
What are the best literary depictions of money as the harbinger of evil to those who spend their lives focusing on it?
How can I easily understand Metamorphosis and other stories by Franz Kafka?
What is lacking in modern literature?
How are denotations and connotations used in literature?
What are some of the hardest American poems to understand/analyze?
What is your favorite quotation from history or literature?
What are some of your self-written Hindi poems?
Which is the best course in the field of English literature?
How and why has Huxley developed the relationship between two characters to make the reader want to know how 'Brave New World' ends?
Which are the best poems by Atal?
What is your favourite part of Mark Twain's book 'The Prince and the Pauper'? And why?
What are some creative lines to say or text to your man if he asks you to write a few lines about him, e.g., a poem?
Who brought Lyanna Stark's remains back to Winterfell?
What are some good quotes from William Shakespeare?
What is the procedure to get an issn number for a literary journal?
What is the most powerful poem or quote you know?
How many marks will be cut in English Literature 2017 if I wrote Philippa instead of Phillippa?
What is the legacy of Tom Wolfe's New Journalism?
Why do people find fictional villains so attractive?
What are some examples of a literary foil?
Where can I find someone to help me to translate my Hindi writings such as micro literature, short poems and quotations, etc., into emotive English?
How can I find out the free reading of any essays online for English literature students? Like room of one's own essay written by Virginia Woolf?
Which languages lend themselves particularly well for poetry?
What would happen without fiction novels?
Can anyone help me in explaining the following stanza of Browning' s poem Rabbi Ben Ezra?
What Tamil literature work describes the Onam celebration?
Who is Coldhands?
When was the Hogwarts Classics box set published?
What are some examples of alliterations used in poetry?
How can I write transcendental poetry?
Why is the oedipus complex so prevalent in literature analyses?
What are the best books in literature?
Should I be an VFX artist or a professor in English literature? I love both but here the teaching of literature in college is boring.
Who is the most popular and influential writer of classic literature in the US?
Is there any practice that comes from mindfulness for improving the learning and understanding of physics, literature, etc. for studying better?
Why do a lot of books start their chapters with the first letter being giant?
Does ICSE ask the same chapters and poems as in the English literature 2017 sample paper?
What does the poem One Art by Elizabeth Bishop make you think about?
What is the oldest book in the world?
What is the theme of morality in The Waste Land and The Great Gatsby?
What literature supports the theory that Sámi spoke a non-Fennic language before the arrival of the Finns?
Where can I find most number of old English literature books in England?
What is literature survey in review?
Why is the poem, “Piers the Plowman” called the gospel of poor?
What are some characteristics of the elements of satire?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What are some lessons that a modern person could learn from reading "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
What is the scope of a Bachelor’s in English Literature in Pakistan? What should one do after graduation?
What is the setting of the play "The Merchant of Venice"?
Is interrogation a poetic device? Can you give an example?
Why does Leonardo Da Vinci not have any written works?
Where can I watch the Jaipur Literature Festival’s debate videos?
What do you like most about the short stories by Ted Chiang?
Have you ever stumbled upon really deep-going and insightful literary analysis of the City Watch novels from Terry Pratchett’s Discworld series?
How does a poem lover download poems for free?
What is the interpretation of Auden’s poem “A Communist to Others”?
When and why did you start poetry? What is the background?
Where can I find people who translate my great poem and philosophy book from Persian to English or France?
What are some pieces of literature that explore the intersections between the self and technology?
What are the less heard of literary genres?
What are the literary devices used in the novel "A Mystery of Heroism" by Stephen Crane?
Do Shakespeare's plays offer insights into the everyday British life?
Are there any shorter versions of Anna Karenina for primary children? I'm aware that the novel is very long and divided into sections.
Which pyschological novel is the best?
How can an English literature student find a job outside of India?
What are some short stories or poems that can be read one way forward but another way backwards?
Who is the Norweigian equivalent of Shakespeare?
What is the darkest manga ever written?
How can you describe the different literary periods?
What literary magazines do you like to read?
Did Samuel Butler ever attempt rape in real life?
Has any literature been published recently on the comparative biology of tails?
What does 'a cup of hair' mean in the novel A Place in England?
What is the meaning of a tragic hero in literature?
To all who have jobs, how often do opportunities of corruption present themselves? How easy would it have been to get away with such corruption?
What are some stories that are similar to Oscar Wilde's “The Picture of Dorian Gray”?
Which do you prefer: Canterbury Tales or Beowulf?
What are some of the features that make Pygmalion an important literary work?
How should I prepare for the ICSE English literature exam?
Have you ever written a poem that changed someone else's, or even your own life?
What is the author talking about in the introduction of the naked lunch?
Which degree has better job prospects, Arts-related or English Literature (combined with an additional language)?
Which book should I read first, An abundance of Katherines or Looking for Alaska?
What makes literature great, and special from other mediums?
How do I get smart enough to read the classics without having to refer to sites like Sparknotes and Shmoop?
How can I study literature?
What are the best literature reviews?
What was art and literature like during the 1920s?
Can we write sub headings in the ISC English literature answers?
What are some examples of great American novels?
What is the best thing to study in English literature or linguistics?
What are some examples of dramatic poetry in literature?
Can I take literature as my optional for CSE 2017 I have all material preparation I am not having literature back ground academic?
What is the explanation of the last two lines of the poem Grandfather by Oliver Shelley?
Is Charles Dickens considered to be the second greatest English writer after Shakespeare?
What are some literary devices used in the novel "The Goonies"?
Are there any famous symbols in literature, lore, or mythology that see into the soul?
What makes character development important?
Why do people call pamphlets literature?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Brasil?
How is English Renaissance literature characterized?
What was the meaning of the ending of The Sympathizer?
What are the things that readers search for in novels?
Does translated literature belong to its source language literature, to the target language literature, or neither?
Can I do M.A English literature after doing bjmc?
How is the Jewish mythological figure of Lilith depicted in literature?
Are all the Harry Hole novels in sequence? Do I need to read the first book to understand the series?
What is the best fan character you'v ever seen?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Pakistan?
What are some artistic works (literary, musical etc) that defy genre categorisation?
What are strophic strophes in poems?
What are some examples of stage directions in literature?
How can one develop their reading interest in books, novels, article or something?
How does English literature mirror life?
What is your favourite Shakespeare work?
Which one of Shakespeare's works should I read first?
Why is chapter 24 important in To Kill a Mockingbird?
I'm attending a book club where the author will be present. How should I behave when discussing her book in front of her?
What literary agents do you suggest novice writers in India?
Which version of the Bible would offer me the best literary experience?
What is the importance of the second person omniscient point of view in literature?
What are some examples of literary patronage?
To better understand humanity, what "theme courses" should a college student take besides History, Literature, Philosophy Theology and Art?
What's the best way to name a poem/ song without using a line from within it?
What are the leading central universities for English literature?
What is the holy grail for English Literature students?
A Song of Ice and Fire: Has your opinion of some of the characters changed over time?
How are different types of mood applied in literature?
How good is Assam University for PhD in English Literature?
Has a Head of State ever written a good fiction novel?
What is the difference between Alanis Morissette irony and literary irony?
Can I do my master’s in English Literature abroad with a bachelor's degree from an Indian university?
What is the significance of ‘Adultery’ by Paulo Coelho?
How come some kids do solve mathematical questions very fast and some others do good in drawing and still some others master literature?
What are the most famous editorials ever written?
How important is it with spelling, grammar and formatting in poetry? Could a poem not formally excellent be good? Could these be a stylistic devices?
Which is the best encouraging poem yet?
Which is the best novel of C.S. Lewis?
What sonnets are related to sonnet 25 by Shakespeare?
What are some short stories about physics?
Was the beginning of George Orwell's "Animal Farm" what a social democracy is?
Is it a good idea to start learning Tamil literature by reading Ponniyin Selvan everyday?
What is the best Sci-Fi first contact book you have read?
What is your review of novel “Hard Times“ by Charles Dickens?
Why is Edgar Allan Poe important to literature?
How did Charles Dickens come up with the ideas for his books?
Has any author described the death of precedence?
Have you ever read Classical Chinese poetry in translation? How do you feel about it?
Which theme of 1984 is the most important?
What is the importance of syntax in literature?
What techniques distinguish descriptive passages in literature?
What is Jaipur literature festival all about and what exactly happens there, give some tips regarding the same and some advices for a 1st time goer?
What are the saddest lines from literature that will melt the coldest of hearts?
What questions would you have for Franz Kafka?
What message does the poem "Under the Greenwood Tree" give us?
What are some good collections of short stories along with great criticism?
What music do you recommend to read Edgar Allan Poe?
What are some good books that give you a feeling of being chased?
Who is Prince Escalus from William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet in the modern version by Baz Luhrmann in 1996?
What is the trends in literature?
What is the most informational book you have ever read?
What are the most important questions / research topics in literature today?
Are we done creating great works of literature?
Any thesis title recommendation related to children's literature?
Who is the best literary agent for lesbian short fiction in the USA/EU?
Does the way George R. R. Martin (GRRM) uses his hat or the way he holds his pen really matter to the end of ASOIAF?
What are translations of 'The Phantom Tollbooth' like to read?
What are some persuasive techniques found in modern literature?
How do genre codes and conventions work?
What is your own best poem?
Why is compression considered a modernist technique?
Which non-fiction books should I read to uplift my spirits and realize my true potential if I feel that I am about to slip into depression?
In The Great Gatsby, how does Fitzgerald convey the temporary nature of the guests relationships with one another through diction?
What is the success rate of novels written by teenagers?
Who, according to you, is the greatest Bengali author of the post-Tagore era?
Why do people like the writings of Italo Calvino?
Who are your top 10 writers of fiction?
Why do we need to study literature?
In the novel, was Gatsby entirely disillusioned at the end?
Which book I must read to know theatre?
Where can I get the English translation of the Malayalam poem Gandhari Vilapam?
What atheistic literature is allowed in Iran and which are banned?
What tense should I use when writing literature review or critical review and why?
What is the significance of the American Dream in the Great Gatsby?
Why do people romanticize the term king and/or queen so much?
In a Ruskin Bond's book, there's a poem on a doctor, who realises that the man he'd met recently was a cadaver he dissected in school. What's d book?
What is the best short story or novel about immigration after the division of Pakistan and India?
Why is despair the root of all the world's greatest art and literature?
What are appeals in literature?
Can you think of a real life structure similar to the windmill in Animal Farm?
Which are the novelists one shall start with in English Literature to develop perspective?
Who are the heros of African literature?
How risky is it to write poems metaphorically talking about drugs at school?
How can I find out if my poetry is good?
What are the types of irony, and what are some examples?
Do ICSE literature questions which have come in the years 2015 and 2016 (short stories and poems) repeat?
What are the characteristics of postcolonial literature?
What were the words that Paulo Coelho wrote on the paper he put under that stone in his novel "The Pilgrimage"?
What are the main themes in Australian poetry?
What is the poem in the movie Chhatrapati?
What is a full analysis of the poem El Greco: Espolio?
What if you tell Kierkegaard "You are just tired. Have some rest. Everything is ok”?
Indonesian: How do you buy classic English-language literature books?
What does the Vladimir Putin quote, "Sometimes it is necessary to be lonely in order to prove that you are right," mean?
What are the uses of animism in literature?
In "The Book Thief", how does Max die?
What's the age of William Shakespeare?
Which is the most popular book written with collective effort of a lot of people?
How can I analyze a non-sequitur in literature?
How do I write a good English article?
What is the point of reading Shakespeare?
Why don't I find literature that I like to read?
Who are some classic literature authors as widely read and as culturally influential as Shakespeare?
Why is J.K. Rowling considered a genius?
What are some facts of apocalyptic literature?
How long should my literature answer be for 10th ICSE?
What are the best poems by William Blake?
Even though it is said by GRRM that the world of ASOIAF is bigger than ours, why does it feel that it is the opposite?
Do authors of vague poetry really expect the reader to take the time to deeply analyze it?
What is the Apothecary in "Romeo and Juliet"?
Do teenagers have to read the world classics books in high school in your country? Which ones are "must-read"?
Is reading classic literature/non-fiction useful?
What is the primary purpose of literature in the 14th and 15th centuries?
Is the legend of Faust more English than German?
What are some examples of parallelism in literature?
Are there any tips on poetry reading?
Is GOTHIC an era?
How would you feel if someone stole your literary work and published it, but it was well received by the public?
What are some great novels that were written in a short amount of time?
How many of you people have an interest in Hindi poetry and would buy a book to read it?
How many sonnet William Shakespeare wrote?
Is the theme of story come in the English literature exam?
Do people think Shakespeare is great because they can’t comprehend old English, and so it seems great because it’s harder to understand?
How do you write good erotic literature (genre: gangrape)?
What literature can you advise for the topic of "Interactive (Visual Learning) Analytics Dashboards"?
Are there any colleges (preferably in Texas) that offer Anglo American civilization and literature courses?
What are the 3 reasons why Romeo and Juliet's family is responsible for their own deaths?
Which is the best history book of English literature?
In your opinion, what are the five most essential books in French literature?
What are the literary devices in the novel Unwind?
What happens in AMU litfest?
What are some romantic Love stories or poems in Tamil history literature?
What is Gothic Literature and what are the elements of it?
Who is to blame in Macbeth?
What are some suggested English project topics for literature for bachelor's degree program?
Which chapters are most likely to come in ICSE English Literature 2018?
Is there any 11th group related to a B.A. in literature in Ambattur?
What is the main idea of Robert Frost's good hours poem?
Should I read books from young authors?
What is the best famous birthday poem?
If Victor Hugo wrote Les Mirerables in 2016, do you think that it would still be a classic? Why or why not?
What are the areas of research in English literature?
What is Sangam age and what are the events associated with it?
What are the best poems written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow?
What is an example of a stanza in literature?
Why does imitation takes a great role in literature?
What was literature of the modernist like?
What are some examples of humor in literature?
What should a person do after doing Masters in English Literature?
What is the difference between literature and literary study?
Am I the only one who likes Romeo and Mercutio more than Romeo and Juliet, in the modern film?
What are the most influential literary compositions in history?
What is the literary term for a convincing motivation for a character's falling action?
What are some short stories on jealousy?
Did Albert Camus ever write about anarchism or politics in general?
What is meant by Dalit literature?
Did Miss Havisham, from Dicken's Great Expectations, ever wash herself or change her clothes?
Which is the best 10 minute one act play based on literary text?
How do I change my field from engineering to literature?
As far as Arts, Music and Literature is concerned, do you think its essence and sensibility have gradually degraded over the last few decades?
Did great writers study literary theory or literary criticism?
What is the Angry Young Man concept in English literature?
What are literary works originally completed in English rather than regional languages by Indian authors before independence in India?
Which novel do you like most and why?
Who are the most rational cruelest and manipulative top 10 female characters in classic literature and why?
If I post excerpts of poetry online (1 or 2 sentences of each poem) will those poems be considered published? What about a video of the full poem?
What’s the deal with Stephen King and The Ramones?
What happened in the ending of novel Brida by Paulo Coelho?
Which technical subjects would you suggest for an English Literature student (PG)?
"The Dog and the Wolf" by Aesop, If you could the change the plot what would you change?
What are some good examples of colloquialism in literature?
What is a good symbol for the poem, Ballad of Biringham?
What is the most profound poetry?
How can an English literature degree help in my travelling career?
I've been reading a bit of Edgar Allan Poe, and it's kind of boring. What are some stories that are a bit more modern?
Who is greater: Shakespeare or Tagore?
Is there a term for a work of fiction that criticizes itself?
What is responsible for the decline in Hindi literature?
What are some inspirational indigenous stories /poems?
In Robocop 1, why did Dick Jones killed Bob Morton?
What are the themes of Indian English prose?
What are some movies with similar themes to "The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
Which is the best Android app or website to read English poetry or poems daily?
Can you give me a short review of my new Hindi poem?
What are the elements of a well built world in literature?
What are some examples of reversed thoughts in literature?
What are some examples of postcolonial African literature?
What is a foot in poetry and what are some examples?
How useful is Mendeley for conducting a literature review?
Can I study English literature after 12th and choose my career as civil services? Is it a good option?
What is the meaning of "leafy name" in Pablo Neruda's poem?
Who is a self-destructive character from ancient literature?
What jobs are offered if you graduate with an English Literature degree?
What is a song that relates thematically to the poem Richard Corey by Edwin Arlington Robinson?
What do Salamano and his dog represent in the Stranger?
Were George Orwell's novels inspired from Stalin's way of Governance?
What are some examples of purple prose?
What is celestial imagery used for in literature?
How does one read a literary work "critically"?
What makes a text having literary value? As opposed to just being a text?
Which books have influenced the world's greatest men?
Which app will help me for getting an excellent research topics on English literature?
What are some of the most underrated novels?
Why hasn't Dhawal Barot written any novel yet?
How do you analyze a poem?
Was Dostoevsky right in saying : "If God does not exist everything is allowed"?
What sentence is the most remembered from all of literature?
What exactly happened in The Lost Jewels?
Who are some contemporary, literary fiction writers of note in Hindi and what are some of their recent books?
Are the books Machado de Assis too hard for foreigners?
How can I prepare for a closed book English literature exam?
Why does poetry use gambrels for the sky?
What are some good examples of kennings in literature?
Why do Western young adult novels feature romance so often?
In literature, what is meant by limited omniscient narration?
From a medical point of view which House episode is superbly written?
In George Orwell's Animal Farm, Does Old Major represent Lenin and his dream he had before he died represent Karl Marx?
How do you read some?
Did Charles Dickens anticipate psychoanalysis in his story, "A Christmas Carol"?
Which are the best novels written in Gujarati?
What are the best literary criticisms?
Are all of the books that are covered in literature classes beneficial to a child's intellectual growth?
Was Stephen King the first author to add song/poem quotes at the beginning of his chapters (epigrams)?
What books do you think should be written?
What is the best shortish story you have ever written? Could you give a link, maybe?
What are notable depictions of dramatic or interesting sibling negotiations in film or literature?
What are the literary forms found in the Bible?
What is the most emotional short story by Amit Dey
Which characters are metaphorically portrayed as mockingbirds? (I need answers ASAP.)
What's your interpretation of the ending of Norwegian Wood by Murakami? Keeping in mind, the story starts as a flashback.
Is there any need to learn poems for English literature?
Which books would you love to see adapted into a movie or tv series?
What is the theme of the poem? Explain your answer using evidence from the text.
What are some scholarly opinions on psychoanalytic literary analysis? Sources for this information would be greatly appreciated.
What is critical analysis of two friends poem?
Which poets are known to make compositions on light topics?
What quote from history or literature resonates most today?
How many types of satire are there in English literature? Who is the expert who stated this?
Does Muslim poetry have to be written by Middle East poets before it's considered good poetry?
Are there real/trusted websites to write a literature review for an Msc thesis proposal or the Msc thesis proposal itself?
What is a scene in the novel which you consider especially noteworthy, and how did the author present it effectively?
How do I find myself (job) if I have some interest in literature, movie and generally in art?
What is the value of the poetry that was written/typed by Allen Ginsberg?
What does this quote from "No Good Deed" (novel) mean?
What makes the book "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" a classic?
Has anyone read the poetry of Moniza Alvi and Maki Kureishi?
What is “War and Peace” by Leo Tolstoy about?
Did Caliph Omar Bin Khattab ordered burning the Library of Alexandria and Sassanid literature?
In Ryūnosuke Akutagawa's short story "In a Grove", what are your theories regarding what happened to the samurai?
Should the notion of a literary and philosophical canon of “great works” be forsaken?
What is the importance of literature in our life?
In Prometheus, by Franz Kafka, what is the major theme?
What are the best WWII poems you've read? How would the poems be analyzed?
Where can I get constructive criticism on my poetry?
What books should I refer to in preparation for NET English Literature?
Why do people still recommend reading Dostoevsky's The Idiot?
What does this poem mean?
Which is the best story you have ever written and why?
What is a must read play?
What is the worst piece of fiction you have written?
"A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband." What does this mean?
One source to read about History of English Literature (British, American, Colonial and Post-Colonial writing) 14th century up to the 21st century?
How do you feel about Dante's depiction of Hell?
What are some Japanese books that have the theme or motif of mental illness?
What is literature mapping in thesis or dissertation?
What literature should a young person read before college?
What are some novels whose story is like a labyrinth?
What is the proper way of copyrighting an unpublished literary work in India?
What are the things every literature student should know?
How can I write an essay in English literature?
How can I become a literature/creative writing lecturer? I am an engineering graduate but I love literature.
Where can I buy or read more of Gorakh Pandey's poems?
Has Priyanka Gandhi written any book?
Why do I like Jerry Archer, Sidney Sheldon' novels over classic novels like Heart of Darkness, Middlemarch, etc?
What is the importance of tragic heroes found in literature?
Why is poetry becoming a dying culture?
How is conflict described in literature?
What is your favorite passage or excerpt from literature and what does it mean to you?
Will Bran and Bloodraven resurrect Jon Snow?
What is ecosystem according to literature?
What is the analysis of the poem The Eagle by Alfred Lord Tennyson?
What was Dante Basco's poetry inspired on?
Will Mario Puzo’s book be easy to read?
What are the best contemporary Pakistani English novels?
Will The Maze Runner be considered a classic in the future?
What are some good unexpected death poems?
What are some examples of sensory details in literature?
What is Bellovian irony?
How do you make a poem about someone?
Why does Rakitin's comment to Alexei, "What's the meaning of this dream?" betray him as a “liberal” in The Brothers Karamzov?
What does the term "invective" mean in literature?
Which is the best literature in Arabic?
How do I become a writer being someone with zero (literary) academic background?
What's a good serial novel recommendation?
What is the latin rendering of "Pornography is literature designed to be read with one hand"?
What are some great poem with lot of literary device?
Would it be a good choice for me to stop studying English literature and take up women’s studies for a master’s?
How can I give the girl I like a love poem?
What are some English language alternative history novels or short stories that are focused on Song or Yuan China achieving an industrial revolution?
What are some examples of innuendo in literature?
Which lines in the poem childhood do you think are realistic in nature and why?
What are the benefits of majoring in English/Literature?
Why was Arjuna scared of Lord Krishna's Vishwaroopa (cosmic form)? What did he actually see?
Should I memorize poems for the ICSE English literature exam?
How can darkness be used as a symbol in literature?
What is the setting in Fire and Ice poem by Robert Frost?
Is Shadow of Mordor considered canon?
How do you set the tone and mood of a poem?
What is the funniest sentence in all of literature?
What are the few short and precious lines from Shakespeare's tragedies?
Which phrase is grammatically correct: "I like dogs, cats, and apples" or "I like dogs, cats and apples"?
Can I get some English poems on 'Satellites'?
Which one is grammatically correct: "Oscar Wilde's Picture of Dorian Gray" or "Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray"?
Which character in Dead Poets Society is most like Holden Caulfield?
What did Virginia do with the Canterville Ghost?
What are some of Liesel and Hans artistic talents?
What are examples of the application of Latin in English literature?
What is the theme of 2017 Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF)?
What are the 5 must read English classic books?
What does this poem by Edna St. Vincent Millay mean?
Which of Don DeLillo's novels are his best works?
Does history offer more accurate picture of society than literature?
Which are the most beautiful lines of poetry ever written?
How do the proles show class and power in the book 1984 by George Orwell?
"Having said that" was used the first time in which English work of literature or speech?
What forms of propaganda did the pigs use in Animal Farm?
How are Lady Macbeth (Macbeth) and Queen Jocasta (Oedipus the King) different?
What are some of the most common examples of satire in "The Crucible"?
How can I make my Facebook poetry page become more popular?
What did Shakespeare not know?
What are the must-read poems of William Wordsworth?
Who would like to hear a few melodies I wrote for several of Shakespeare’s sonnets? They are sung by a wonderful singer, and she is unaccompanied.
Would opting for English literature in the main examination be the right choice?
Who are the humorous novelists, what are current and past novels that are truly hilarious?
What is a critical analysis on the poem "Statement of Being" by Ezra Pound?
What are the probable essay questions for English literature from Arms and the Man, stories, and poems for the ISC 2017?
How can I start preparing for English literature JRF?
What are some thoughts on slain poetry, and who is good at it?
I have some talent in writing poetry and I would like to develop it furthermore. What do you suggest I do?
What are some examples of dramatic effects?
What is Pandora's Box about? What is the Moral? What is the Climax?
How many classic books are there?
What if my research does not have related literature?
What are your criticisms of Charles Dickens' books?
What is protest literature characterized for?
Do Stephen King's short story 'Quitters, Inc.' and his novel 'Firestarter' have many coincidental similarities, or is it just me?
What is fin'amor and how is it different from courtly love?
What's the full poem of cross my heart hope to die?
In how many categories we can divide history of English literature exactly?
What are the best theology books ever written?
What are some characteristics of the different types of imagery in literature?
When having read 'Crime and punishment' and 'Demons', is reading 'Notes from the Underground' still providing new insights?
What are examples of magical realism in literature?
What is your opinion of the Bible as a work of fictional literature?
What literature deals with clairvoyance in saints?
What are some examples of similes in poetry?
What are the English literature magazines available in India for school kids?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
What are the achievements of Thamizhan in literature?
Which one is best to become a good writer, a Masters in Journalism or Masters in English Literature?
What is a good title for a fictional novel that has something to do with piano and a girl?
What type of literary device is this? “I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit my opponent’s youth and inexperience.”
Can there ever be too much symbolism in a story?
What should I go for, an M.Phil. in English Literature or a Ph.D. in English Literature, and what are the differences between both of them?
Are English literature tests fair to autistic students?
How is 21st century poetry?
What literature would you recommend to read about the theory of political parties, especially for students?
Where should I start with Robert Walser?
What do English students think is one argumentative topic in British Literature?
How was Surrealism incorporated in American poetry?
Can I take English literature along with economics in BA?
What are the main, and all characters, who are in classical literature from the Kauravs in the Mahabharata?
Is Tolstoy worth reading?
What is the best short story that you have read by Ernest Hemingway?
How will the art and literature change in the future and how will it impact the jobs in those fields?
What are the traits that define Gothic literature?
What are the best examples of Christ figures in literature?
Which courses can be pursued after a Master’s degree in English literature?
What is the Ras in Hindi in the 5 verse of poem Arjun's vow?
What is the most common misunderstanding about literary fiction?
What does poetry do for us?
What is your favorite Shakespeare soliloquy?
What is the summary of the poem “Bharatmata Gramswasini” by Sumitranandan Pant?
Should I get a Ph.D.in Literature?
How do the types of diction work in literature?
Are there any online courses featuring the novels of Haruki Murakami?
Who is the creepiest child character in fiction?
What actually Joyce wanted to elaborate in his short story Araby?
Why are girls more into literature (English) than science?
How can I educate myself about philosophy and English literature at home?
How is conflict used in literary devices?
Which method is the best for English literature at Delhi University, to first cover the whole syllabus of our course or to first prepare for our competition?
Who are the prominent writers of literature on Quora?
Can anyone review my first short story?
Any good Hindi short story or novel about political execution or something like that?
Is it necessary to attempt a question from the novel in Section B of the ISC English literature exam?
What are the novels in English you must read before die?
Who are some great contemporary female German authors?
Which literary writers were outliners?
How can I identify mood and tone in literature?
What are some of the most controversial books ever written?
What is your favorite literary device?
What are some amazing short stories (3-4 liner) you have written.?
Is there a specific phrase in literature (English or Latin) synonymous with "Unknown World"?
What piece of English literature that has not been adapted into a manga or anime, would you like to see a manga or anime of?
What are some examples of imagery poems?
Why does Woody Allen make allusions to Nietzsche, Unamuno and Monod in his essay “My Speech to the Graduates”?
What characteristics define a book's plot?
What were the effects of Einstein's theory of relativity on art and literature?
What are some examples of literary realism?
What are some examples of convention in literature?
How do internal and external conflicts in literature differ?
What are the most mysterious books ever written?
Who can write a prequel to Romeo and Juliet?
What are some examples of puns in chapter 1 of The Great Gatsby?
Why is poetry important in our lives?
Where are the book stores for IT literature in Berlin?
What's the average score out of the 16 marks on the essay question in English literature in the ICSE ?
How do I read and analyze a poem?
Is English literature a good optional for CSE?
Can the -finite modes/infinite substance- of Spinoza be understood in parallel with Kant's phenomena/noumena distinction?
How can I meet Paulo Coelho in person?
How can I do command on literature?
Who'd be in your all time kingsguard?
How do I summarize the poem “Horse Play” by Dr. Ayappa Paniker?
What advice would you give to a new lawyer starting a solo practice?
Which is the most popular poetry in the USA?
Which Quorans have written books?
What do the last 25 lines of book twelve of Paradise Lost mean?
What is the poem that first made you love poetry?
How can a single metaphor can give birth to love?
Which stories and poems are most probable to come in ISC 2017english literature examination?
What universities are the best option for a PhD in English Literature?
Why is Macbeth not guilty of regicide?
Which book is good to start to gain interest in reading novels?
How can I analyse the representation of Literature in written texts/novels? What should I look out for?
Can we say an event foreshadows another if the author has already explicitly stated that the latter event would happen?
How should I start learning Tamil literature?
What are some examples of repetition in writing?
What is the sexiest book you ever read?
What is your opinion on Chatterton? Where do you put him?
Where can I get the meanings for the quotations being written by the authors, great people etc?
Which is the darkest and most depressing poem ever written in English literature?
What uses do poets give to imagery?
What appeals to you about magical realism over other genres?
Which literary journals print avant-garde short stories?
What song best describes the poem Ozymandias by Percy Bysshe Shelley?
Would you take time to read a short stories online?
What literary works(e.g. poems/novels) are commonly taught in high school?
What does "discuss social conditions and values in a literary text" mean?
Is it necessary to read the introduction of every novel for English literature students like Virginia Woolf by Mrs Dalloway?
What would one miss skipping over Season 2 of The Wire?
What are some examples of pedantic in literature?
What is the difference between a verbal and a dramatic irony?
What are the norms in Macbeth?
When referring to a deceased person, should it be 'late' XYZ or 'the' late XYZ?
What is your favorite passage from a Haruki Murakami novel?
If I wrote an autobiography, and it were mildly interesting and written somewhat well, what can I expect as far as books sales and overall reception?
I am working as a freelance technical writer. I wanted to extend my capabilities in Englsih domain. Is pursuing MA in English literature advisable?
As a non-Chinese, when it comes to Chinese novel, what would it be?
Why is the book entitled "The Darkest Path" not more controversial?
What is cultural studies, and in which way is it connected with literature?
Hindi Literature: Where can I find ' भारत: इतिहास और संस्कृति ' book written by Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh?
What would be the long-term effects of an encounter with the interstellar cloud from Fred Hoyle’s "The Black Cloud"?
Is Pushkin's "Eugene Onegin" an ironical writing; a parody of other texts, literary styles, and character cliches?
Which books or articles are best for the latest (2016) literature review on blended learning in higher education (e.g. Department of English)?
Is there any +1 group related to B.A literature in Ambattur?
What are some tips for analyzing a poem?
What are clubs that can be established in high school related to literature and writing?
Is anyone interested in vintage books, circa 1850 - 1950? Various topics: gardening, jazz, embroidery, religion, poetry, novels.
How can articles in a journal and an unpublished thesis be helpful when doing a literature review?
What are some cliche examples in literature?
What does "in the absolute" mean, in terms of English literature?
What are some of the best American novels from before the 1920s?
I remember reading a book about a Chinese farmer who moves from the north to the south into the city and gets wealthy but I can't remember the name?
Do we need to read the full Mahabharata in Classical Literature 2 of English Literature in the Delhi University course, or is the summary sufficient?
Which stories and poems will probably appear on ISC 2017?
What is the longest play ever written?
Who is the reigning literary critic in the US right now?
What are the literary elements in Psalm and Proverbs?
What are the most imaginative books ever written?
What are the genres and sub-genres of literature?
Why are parodies so common in literature?
What is the significance of acmeist poetry?
In literature, why are there less satiric women writers?
How can I get into writing in India?
Where can I get a detailed explanation of the Hindi poem Kukurmutta?
How long would it take a speed reader to read every book ever written?
Why does the Wikipedia page about "Maricha" say that Agastya burnt Sunda?
What is the name for major stopping points between chapters?
Which are some good poems that describes the teens life?
Could a dream with lots of nuance and symbolism be the idea for a story/book? It is Stephen King/AHS and political in genre.
What is the most famous poem?
Are orcs overused in literature and media?
You can write a book which is mandatory literature for every world leader alive. What would you write?
What do you like the most about Sherlock Holmes?
Can I write about My Name is Asher Lev or The Poisonwood Bible on the AP English Literature and Composition exam?
What are some of the key quotes in 'The Great Gatsby'?
What are the prospects for an English Literature student from India to get into a good PhD program in the United States in 2018?
If a literature department wishes to publish online works created by several authors, what copyright issues should be considered?
Which writing style implies when a person said something while doing something?
Is there a book that exists that contains all the important American short stories up through the 1980s?
What are some good French and Turkish children's literature for a beginner in these languages?
What is a must-read book for understanding the money cycle, its history, and how it works?
Which math theorems are about literature, books, letters, words?
How is equality shown in the novel "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What are some good examples of folk literature?
What are some computer science literature classics?
What was Norman Mailer talking about in The White Negro?
Is Shakespeare the greatest writer that ever lived?
What are the career options in English literature?
What is the best Hindi poetry you have read or written till date?
What are some well known examples of literary motif?
How is realism presented in Charles Dickens’ novels?
How do I contact literary agents?
Who is a terrible villain from an otherwise good fictional work?
How does the climax evolve in To Kill a Mockingbird?
Can you give me feedback on my poem and blog?
Which fictional heroes do you see as actually being the villains of their stories?
Why is that if one has not studied Shakespeare, his literary education is seen as incomplete?
What is the importance of having an internal conflict in literature?
What is the significance of the number 13 relating to The Last Hero, The Night's King, and Bran the Builder?
What are some of the literary merits for The Glass Menagerie?
Which chapters are most likely to come up in English literature on the ICSE 2018 boards?
What chances do I have of getting a job in the Netherlands or Germany with a BA in English literature and culture?
Which books are useful in Sanskrit literature?
Did Shakespeare write novels?
What is the best written piece of text in history?
What is dark fantasy genre?
When and how did you start reading the ASOIAF series? Is there a story behind it?
How do you feel about the literary value of Calvino's "If On a Winter's Night"?
How is the book 'An unsuitable boy' by Karan Johar?
What are the 7 personalities a human being can have? I read it years ago, can't remember the book.
What was the first book ever illustrated?
In Pride and Prejudice, what are the arguments for and against marriage, in Charlotte Lucas' eyes?
Can you write a poem for lovers who met because of a dog?
What are the effect of English on African literature?
Can someone compare the novel To Kill a Mockingbird and the TV Series Stranger things?
What is the best description of sex in literature ever?
How do you explain "To Kill A Mockingbird" characters?
Which negative poem do you like best?
How do I became famous in poems?
Is Gatsby the quintessential American story?
How did it happen that the Vikings developed such awesome literary culture?
What are some examples of didactic literature?
Writers, do you make plans first before you write?
ASOIAF: are there any theories based on tyrion's gigantic shadow?
Is Shakespeare conclusively the author of Taming of the Shrew?
Have you ever read a book in English written by an Indonesian author?
How are the four types of external conflict used?
What is the relationship between literature and the English language?
What is the definition of choice in English literature? Any detailed examples?
How much do people know about Charles Dickens?
What is mean prose?
In the phrase "Dress in starlight, girl and boy" (from the poem "Sing Till Sundown"), what literary device is being used (ex: metaphor, imagery)?
What are some figurative language examples found in Beowulf?
In which classic novel does the heroine marry a rude and abrupt man named Mr rochester?
Where can I find books by Shakespeare?
Is poetry the jazz of literature?
When Shakespeare said, "Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps." What does it mean to you and your life?
What is the theme and purpose of the poem "Shipmates" by Merle Collins?
How was literature displayed in the 19th and 20th centuries?
Could anyone suggest me some good fiction/mystery novels which are gripping and interesting?
What is a recipe poem and what are some examples?
How do you self study for the AP English Literature and composition exam?
Is it okay to read Alexander Pope's Iliad first before any other version?
Who wrote the book “125 Utopias and Why They Failed,” and when was it written?
Will there be a new Shakespeare?
Is there a way for a person that has recently taken reading as a hobby to understand Edgar Allan Poe's stories/writing?
When flights are delayed, why are most airlines unable or unwilling to provide realistic estimates for the revised departure time?
Does 'atrocity literature' pervade in the left liberal intelligentsia in India?
Is their an English translation of the complete ancient Japanese poetry anthology Manyoshu (all 4,500 poems)?
What is 'sensible costs and alternatives' in medical research literature?
Is that possible to buy the English literature novels online at reasonable rates for third year Delhi university?
What are you reading these days?
How can I get literary criticism about Hansel and Gretel?
What if Bertha Mason was really Jane Eyre's birth mother? Isn't it strange how Jane's uncle just happened to know Bertha's brother?
How would you describe Paulo Coelho in 1 sentence?
How did your ICSE English Paper 2 Literature go?
At the end of act 3.6 of Lear Shakespeare gives Poor Tom 13 rhymed lines not in sonnet form, and he deviates from the rhyme scheme in line 14. Why?
What is the best literature class at Penn?
Do you have a story of being the sun instead of the wind in Aesop's fable?
What are the best examples of book websites?
What are the features of ancient Mesopotamian literature?
What does it mean by "communicative in a reserved way" in the opening of The Great Gatsby?
What are some great poems about self destruction and ambition?
What is a good example of an implication in literature?
How do you introduce literary genres?
What AI-based tools are available for science research and literature reviews?
Can you share a poem that was written in your native language but never been translated to any other language?
Where can I find the best literature on microfinance?
How many times is the word blood used in Macbeth?
Is Muhammad the only prophet in history that ordered or approved extra-judicial murders of his detractors (43 in all)?
Do you think that the Scottsboro boys case was the inspiration for Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
Who writes poetry like Sylvia Plath and Kim Addonozio?
How do poets establish the speaker's point of view throughout the poem by the use of techniques such as structure, tone, word choice, and sound devices?
What are some inspirational poems that have really moved you? Would you like to share one of your best poems or by other poets?
What are the main characteristics of epic heroes in literature?
Whose name did Elia Martell say before she was murdered?
How has the internet impacted literature?
I am an English literature student and how can I pursue my automobile designing career is there any eligible course for that?
What are some specific examples of literary devices in "Death of a Salesman"?
Where can I find two titles of short stories that I can compare for themes?
Is London as bad as it is shown in literature and movies?
Can I get a self-composed romantic poem for my beloved?
How do we notice our thoughts?
What novel would you recommend to a fellow literature fan? And why?
What are some mind-bending and imaginatively written books that will help me think more creatively?
What can be asked in English literature in an engineering college placement drive?
What is the function of stock characters in literature?
Can you help me with literature reviews on the rate of students dropping out of the university, using the survival analysis approach?
What British literature has Christian overtones but is not Christian?
What if we're interpreting Shakespeare the wrong way?
Did anybody in Swift's time take "A Modest Proposal" seriously? Was anybody offended or outraged?
What examples are there of the nurse foreshadowing in Romeo and Juliet?
What is literary genre?
Is it worth reading literature which is translated from the other language? How much difference is there between them?
What are the types of heros/protagonists in a literary work?
What should be the wittiest reply to those people who associate literature with nothing but Shakespeare?
What are some great chapters of riddling dialogue exchanges in literature (or between eccentric, phanstastic characters)?
What lessons should I learn in English literature?
What is an example of a piece of text (book excerpt, song lyric, quote, poem, etc.), that relates to a piece of artwork?
Can you make extremely specific words in Esperanto like you can in German?
Do Sanskrit poems offer historical details on wars, rulers their dates like poems in Tamil?
What do you think of the sample chapters of “The Winds of Winter”? Which ones are the most compelling to you?
Which is the most heart touching poem you ever read?
Which western author’s books are best to read?
What colleges in India offer a degree and PG in Comparative Literature?
What is some Puranic literature that is read for family values?
What is the Regency period in literature?
What are figures of speech in the English Literature?
Is it necessary for IB students to write three written tasks for English language and literature (A) Standard Level?
Why is drama important in literature?
What are the most interesting objective questions based on literature?
What are examples of short elegy poems?
What are books that were written before the Internet?
In Gujarati literature, who is the author of “Hu Bawa ane Bhagwandas”?
Is there any Tamil literature that talks about the early Chola dynasty’s Navy stationed in Poompuhar?
How can studying English Literature change my life?
What is apocalyptic about "The Handmaid's Tale's" society?
What are some works of literature which are read by the alt-right?
Is theme considered to be a literary element?
Why are some of Stephen King's works so sadistic?
What is the best literature for managing a multinational on all relevant aspects?
What is the meaning of "the only qualities required for success in journalism: ratlike cunning, a plausible manner, and a little literary ability"?
What are some famous quotations on literature?
What are some books written about The Stranger by Albert Camus (an analysis of the novel would be great)?
What are some good poems about love, fighting fate, and the destructive nature of time?
What does Romeo and Juliet movie conveys?
Among winners of the Nobel Prize in Literature, who was the oldest when they wrote their first book?
Can I get the imagery and thematic summary for any two poems by Sarojini Naidu?
What are the charactristics of soul?
Considering that they killed Jojen Reed in the Game of Thrones TV series, can we say that the "Jojen Paste" and Howland Reed theories are unfounded?
How did you prepare for ISC English Literature?
What happens if I don’t cancel the half question written on the English literature exam on the ISC?
What are some examples of poem about love using figures of speech?
Which books have been written by Rajiv Dixitji?
What is the difference between abstract and literature review?
Can you give a few examples of academic studies in Literature that sparked a controversy?
What books can I read that are similar to Gone with the Wind and that time period? I love southern literature and am curious for more great reads.
Which poem surprised you?
How long is a verse in a poem?
What are the best books for learning classical or literary Chinese (from English)?
Who is Brad Gooch?
Which research topic should you take for an M.Phil (English Literature) if you want to take "Optimism in African poetry"?
Which of Katherine Mansfield's short stories is your favourite and why?
What are some examples of good poems containing literary devices?
Is there any poems with no imagery in them that are good?
How can Act 1 Scene1 of the Tempest by Shakespeare be written in modern language?
What are the most used dramatic devices?
'most new businesses fail because their owners do not look far enough beyond their dreams.' - does this have a literal or figurative meaning? Why?
What are English literature techniques such as tension, humour, suspense etc. called?
Why does everyone like "The Catcher in the Rye" and "Of Mice and Men"?
Which stories and poems will probably come in ICSE 2017 in English lit?
I am suffering from depression, how can I use my depression to fuel my creative writing? How can I use it to create ideas and stories?
Which is the most honest autobiography ever written?
In Animal Farm by George Orwell, why did he decide to use animals instead of humans for his characters?
To whom is Sonnet 116 addressed?
If Varys' power story is foreshadowing, who might be the king, the rich man, the priest and the sellsword, and in what circumstance?
What are the formal characteristics in poetry?
What is the most beautiful sex chapter in world literature?
Why is the first work I discovered from an author often my favorite?
As a student of Literature, which version of Bible should I pick up to familiarise myself with the countless allusions from Bible that occur in books?
How do you feel about Shakespeare and his work?
Which are the heart-touching poems of poets at the Kavita-Hindi Poetry Blog that you would like to nominate for an upcoming poetry book by Poignant Painter?
How is the structure of Sonnet 130?
Why did Bob Dylan choose such an auspicious day as April Fool's Day to collect his Nobel Prize cash? Who is the fool in this picture?
Short stories on meeting strangers?
Who said “Only four people read poetry in Australia.”, or something to that effect?
Who are some of the best fictional characters who don't talk?
What are the hottest trends in literary theory?
In Moby Dick, what are Ishmael's character traits? What are some sentences that prove them?
What kind of the transcendental sign does exist in the scarlet letter 'A'?
What are some examples of metaphysical conceit in poetry?
What are the major forms of literature? What are their functions?
What lessons can be learnt by reading "The Catcher in the Rye"?
Who mostly influenced Shakespeare?
What are the best literary magazines for humorous short stories?
Could the stunning beauty of these Canadian Lynx inspire you to create a short story, or poem?
In which literary age does Charles Lamb belongs?
Which are the world's best books?
Which one is the most romantic English poem written so far?
What is an example of something written in 2nd person perspective?
Are there any college who are providing masters in English literature in Gurgaon? If yes, then what all are there, name them?
What is a theme in literature?
"Our distended nostrils inhaled the poverty with sadistic intensity." What English literary techniques are used in this quote?
Is it possible that George Orwell was assasinated?
Is there a term like "prog/progressive" (in music) that can be aplied to others arts like film or literature?
Are there books using a lot of dialects like The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn?
Why are there so many genius protagonists in literature and films?
What is the most painful poem on love you have written or read ?
In what order I should read Shakespeare?
Which society was George Orwell critiquing in 1984?
What are some examples of short sonnets?
Where do I find good short stories?
Where can I find someone to analyse the poem The Elder's Rebuke by Emily Brontë with me?
What are the characteristics of a literary foil?
Do you have any research papers on critical literary skills for EFL?
What does the hat mean in the Little Prince?
What are the four types of conflicts in literature?
What do you think about Serbian literature?
How do we analyse literature text effectively to find the interpretations? What do we need to do to anaylse and to help practise?
How do you feel about poetry and why?
Can you write a poem about yourself?
How do I gain interest in the English literature as my interest keeps on fluctuating? Why?
What world literature should I read to feel well read?
Is an MA in English literature enough to ensure me a good middle class life?
What is the summary of Reflections In Westminster Abbey: by Joseph Addison (1711)?
Is there any problem in this poem (Save the Earth)?
In which literary work Bertold Brecht affirms "They privatize your life, your work, your love hour, and your right to think"?
Where can I get Bashir Badr poetry books in English?
What complex knowledge do you know which you can explain in the simplest way possible?
What are the best meaningful old Kannada poems?
What is the definition of a dramatic poem?
Why are Loren Eiseley's writings ignored?
What are some words to describe Macbeth in Act 1?
When should I use the < and > signs for literature?
What is the summary of poem "The mouse and the snake" by Vikram seth?
Is that possible to get the 24*7 help from the experts of English literature in every field of Delhi university? If yes, then how?
If you are a travel freak, what are the benefits of studying English literature and how this can help you with a travelling career?
What are some good poems you have?
Is Shakespeare's "Taming of the Shrew" sexist?
What are some good idioms and an associated story with their origin?
What are some of the best English literature introduction books for non natives English learners?
What is the word for a small group of elite people?
According to one reviewer the matrix is like a modern day allegory of the cave. Why?
Is Vellalar College good to do M.Phil in English Literature?
What do the settings in "Othello" represent?
Is there any good private university in Pakistan offering a BA in English literature (other than LUMS)?
What are some great aboriginal poems?
What is the most underrated classic novel you've read?
Why is Azerbaijani poetry so powerful?
Would you write your own acrostic poem, phrase, or sentence? for example,
Do other countries have their own version of "the Great American novel," like the U.S. does?
What are some great Indian historical books (or novels)?
How do I choose a pseudonym?
William Shakespeare is the worst writer. Why and why not?
What is the poem "To Posterity" by Bertolt Brecht about?
What is "trauma theory" in English literature?
What poem can you write as a tribute to Bharathiyar?
What is your opinion about T.S. Eliot’s poem “The Waste Land”?
My question is, where can I sell my poems and where else can I get my poems reviewed?
Philosophy: Is Spinoza similar to Hegel?
Is it possible to have 2 careers at the same time? Two that aren't even remotely related to each other?
What is an example of an acrostic poem about school?
How can doing bachelor in English literature will help you in UPSC?
How do you feel about beat poetry?
How do I write a critical literature review for a topic I don't know much about?
What are the qualifications required in order to study an MA in English literature at Jadavpur University?
Which of these do you prefer: "The Kreutzer Sonata" or "The Eternal husband" (or “The Idiot")?
How did you come to read your favorite book?
How is the antagonist often depicted in literature? Why does this tend to happen?
What are some tips to write an analysis about the poem "A Madrigal" by William Shakespeare?
What are some examples of universal themes in literature?
What is different between literature and the Bible?
Did you read Catcher in the Rye while it was banned without parent's permission?
How do I write a Literature Review of an article?
What books do students who are studying Literature at the university read?
What are some of the timeless classics I should read?
Is there any website like Coursera to learn English Literature?
What is the current literary scene in India and abroad?
What is the best textbook about American literature and poetry?
Can somebody give me a critical analysis of the poem ‘The Laughing Farmers’ by Kate Firth? The whole poem is in the first answer.
What makes Romeo and Juliet so famous?
Do all poems have some hidden meaning behind them?
How can I be good at interpreting poetry?
Am I missing out if I don't do English Literature as a GCSE?
Is John donne poem "Go and catch a falling star" fine fact about women?
Which are the popular literature magazines?
What are some great nihilistic/existentialist short stories?
How do Western values change and/or develop in the writings of Jorge Luis Borges? Evaluate.
What is the importance of a literature class?
Who is Tommy MacWilliam, Engineering Manager at Quora?
What modern day characters relate to Macbeth?
What book is valuable to read?
What are some examples of poems about photos?
What is meant by “rime” in the poem the Rime of the Ancient Mariner?
What is my scope of getting into the MA program for comparative literature in Jadavpur University? How many seats are available for students with a non-literature background?
Is characterization through internal monologue bad?
What was the fastest amount of time a novel was written in?
What do I do if someone stole my literature?
What German written literature or opera can you not forget?
Which is the best book for ICSE 10 English literature?
How many books has the average author read?
What is a stanza in poetry and what are some examples?
What TV show or film protagonist starts off as the idiot-hero/the fool and develops into the hero?
How will you modify the classic "roses are red" poem in your own way?
How reliable is Stephen Goodson as an author?
What are must-read books (novels, essays, plays and any genre) for an English literature student?
What are some of the best novels, written by POC Authors?
What does the term enhanced literature evoke in your mind?
I'm trying to help my Chinese friend with her article, but I'm having some difficulties, could someone help?
What are the examples of dissonance in literature?
What are the characteristics of poetry?
If Shakespeare could invent words, why wouldn't I be able to?
Is there any noteworthy gay-themed Australian literature?
What is a distributed wireless communication system? What does it entail, and what is its present and future scope?
Is young adult literature worse than regular literature?
What are your recommended books written in Welsh?
Do MNCs hire English literature graduates and what is the pay like?
What are examples of symbols and meanings in literature?
What is the best thing about learning literature?
What are some poems you like the most?
What is the use of literature?
What is the main function of the four types of literary conflict?
What are character traits of Hamlet?
Is Rabindranath Tagore underrated in India?
Who are Cassian Hall and the TCT Literary Agency?
Why do you like reading poetry?
What did Edward Said say in 'Crisis' in Orientalism?
Why does Shakespeare matter?
What are the steps of a literary appriciation?
What is the theme of poem The Daffodils?
What is your personal favourite line from Shakespeare?
How do I submit a few very good love poems to be viewed and judged?
What is esoteric symbolism in literature?
What are some of the best lines ever written in any novel?
What is the story of the novel Krishnakali written by Shivani?
What does the scene from Carl Sagan's Contact mean, where Ellie asks her father why he shaved at night when no one would know he had shaved?
What are meiosis examples in literature?
In your opinion what language has the best literature?
Why is Ernest Hemingway important in literature?
Do authors receive any success by spreading their written work or being active on Medium?
What is the meter/rhythm of the poem "Jamaica market"?
Is it advisable to do an EE in English A1 literature even though I don't have a background of literature in high school?
I want to learn from great authors by memorising passages of their works. Who do you think has the most beautiful writing?
Is Harold Bloom accessible to non-literature specialists? Is he easy to read if you simply enjoy Shakespeare?
What work would you argue has the strongest claim to the title of the great American novel?
What are the historical and contextual reasons that helped to consolidate the "Mal du siècle" feelings in the 19th century?
Do you think John Milton, instead of William Shakespeare, is the greatest poet of Britain?
Should depressed people view the works of depressed artists?
What are some examples of hasty generalizations in literature?
What are the steps to find Srijato's much talked about poem?
How can someone give words to their deepest thoughts in English like novel writers do?
What is the cutoff for an MA in English Literature at Loyola College?
Who was the famous character in French literature who was thrilled to learn he is speaking in prose?
For those of us who cannot write an essay by ourselves, is it dangerous to take MA English literature as a course and become a teacher later on?
Why is it significant that Lady Macbeth has the last line in act 1 scene 5?
How was Macbeth changed by the supernatural?
What is so good about the book 1984?
What are poetic techniques used for?
What is the representation of literature to you?
What makes literature timeless?
What is your favourite piece of literature in English that is not written by a native anglophone?
What is the best University in Lahore (Pakistan) to do BS in English literature?
What is the importance of tone and theme in poetry?
Who was the most brilliant literature or history teacher you ever had?
Which are the simplest poems written in English which are easy to understand?
At what stage when learning Russian should one attempt to read Tolstoy?
Does my name 金谛 have any literary meaning?
How does literary criticism affect the whole body of literature?
What is the best way to launch a successful fundraising campaign for publishing a novel?
How are flashbacks used as literary devices?
What are the short stories written by Mohan Rakesh?
How do you analyze Chinese poetry?
What are some of your favorite lines/phrases that you have read from any of the Tamil literature/stories/poem or any forms?
What is the Drover’s Wife answer for ISC English literature 2017?
What do you make of the following sentence from The Scarlet Letter?
How can we fix the lack of modern Telugu literature?
Is it hard to major in classics?
Are there any poems for Dublin’s Candy Land?
What is the difference between theme and summary of any poem?
What literary movement influenced The Pilgrim's Progress by John Bunyan?
What literary technique do you love to see executed perfectly?
How can poems be improved?
How can I become better at literary criticism and analysis?
What are your favorite fiction novels, novellas or short stories that you recommend to others?
What are the three types of irony?
What are examples of epiphanies in literature?
Why do movies tend to be idealistic and escapist but literature tends to be more 'realistic'?
Why should we volunteer for Dehradun Literature & The Arts (DELTA) Festival?
What are some of your favorite lines in literature?
What makes the great artists of the past great?
What are the weaknesses of the English Language, especially from the point of view of Literature?
Who is the author of Jane Eyre?
How can I write a poem with onomatopoeia and alliteration?
How can I identify sarcasm and irony in literature or in any context?
What's a synonym for memoir? But one that’s not very commonly used?
What value is there in reading young adult literature?
Do you have any fond memories as an amateur poet at Quora blog Poignant Painter?
How do you analyze the Night’s Watch oath from a literary perspective?
Can anyone give me examples of characters in poems?
Why did Sir Arthur Conan Doyle say this - “What is the meaning of it, Watson? What is the object served by this circle of misery and violence and fear”?
What can be considered Indian literature and what can’t?
What's the relation between sex and poetry?
Why is the setting so important in literature?
How can I get better at remembering poems?
How do family dynamics change in Death of a Salesmen in comparison to Willy's flashbacks and the present?
Can you read this Victor Hugo poem in French?
Which paraphrased book of Shakespeare' s play the Tempest is best for international students?
What are poetic devices used in Ozymandias?
What distinguishes poetry with religious meaning from liturgy?
What is more striking in Tolkien's works: the characters or the environment and why?
What are the different rules and styles of poetry?
What is Orwell's List?
What are the best short stories of all times in English?
What poems must be read as a teenager?
What did you do after completing an MA/PhD in English literature?
What is an example of a concrete poem?
How do I make an Instantes poem personal without it being plagiarism?
What is your most favourite short poem and why?
I write short stories in my spare time. What can I do with these stories so it doesn't go to waste?
What inspired the book series Wheel of Time?
How do you deal with metaphysical pain?
How do I give poems a good platform?
What are similar books to the Bible?
Why is literary canon such a powerful idea to have?
What is the computer literacy rate of India?
In the Sufi poem 'mere rashke qamar', what does the line 'jawani jawani se takra gayi' mean? Is there a figurative meaning to it?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Mexico?
What is the origin and context of the phrase "you talk a lot, but you aren’t saying anything" or "you use so many words to say nothing"?
What is the best biography of Hugo Grotius?
Is there a name for the literary device which requires the stupidity of an otherwise intelligent character to progress a plot?
Which of Shakespeare's sonnets do you like best and why?
Has anyone taken the course, The Bible as Literature? Was it easy or hard?
I need a poetry on the topic books, which is the best poetry on books?
How do I earn money by posting Hindi poem?
Can I pursue a BA (Literature) and BMS simultaneously?
What are some tetrameter examples in literature?
How can I prepare for the CATE DU 2017? Which books should I choose for increasing general awareness about English language and literature?
What are some beautiful​ poems about space?
Does Thailand include literature in its curriculum?
What is the first principle of poetry?
Why are readers scared to read James joyce?
Why does the Spanish language have so few great novels?
What type of irony is used in "animal farm" by George Orwell?
Is Dante's Divine Comedy worth reading?
Why did Mr. Darcy help Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst to distance Mr. Bingley and Jane Bennet?
How do we invite Balaji Viswanathan for our book launch in Mumbai on 21st May?
What makes a poem annoying?
What are examples of pathetic fallacy in literature?
What is the purpose of a dramatic question?
Have Pushkin, Lermontov, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Chekhov, Turgenev and Tolstoy ever appeared together on the same spot?
How can I create my poetry blog?
What are some examples of narrative books?
What should I do to become a famous literary critic like Derrida or Foucault?
What do you think about Pablo Neruda's poem 'Keeping Quiet'?
Who has noticed the plot similarities between "Burmese Days" by George Orwell and "Moloch" by Alexander Kuprin?
When did Tom first meet atticus in to kill a mockingbird?
Which poems and stories will probably be asked in ISC 2017 English Literature? And which scenes from Shakespeare?
What is a brief summary for "The Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
If I learn MSA will I be able to read classically Arabic literature?
What are some good books written on the topic of literature?
Is film literature?
Which novel can be described as the best Raj novel written in the last twenty years?
For writing a literature review for an MSc thesis, which articles/books, etc provide the best overview of the interactions between man and automation?
What are some short stories of Krishna?
What are the most beautiful poems about self confidence?
What do the long paragraphs in the Red-room scene of Jane Eyre represent?
What is a theme in literature and what are some examples?
What are some examples of external conflicts in literature?
What is the dominant quality of Matthew Arnold's poetry?
How do you read books?
Should I start writing books or start a metal band?
When reading multiple books on a topic, do you read all the books in succession or along with other books to break up the monotony?
What is theory of relativity and is there any relevance of it in the field of literature?
What are some good literary works in Hebrew that have been translated to English?
What are your thoughts on the short story "The Scarlet Ibis" by James Hurst?
What are some eccentric works of literature that you really enjoyed?
How can the witches in Macbeth be related to modern-day society in regards to power and control?
Do our entrenched genders find expression when some people say that Bengali or English literature is studied by "sissies"?
What is Witness Literature about?
What is the title of your favorite poem?
Which authors are most well known for creating in-depth fictional worlds?
Can you suggest some good Fables?
What is the difference between Romantic and Victorian literature?
Where can I find poems online in Hindi on the web?
What author has written the most words?
What modern authors compare with Ernest Hemingway or Edward Abbey?
How do I read novels faster?
What are some examples of pastoral poetry?
What are the features of a ballad poem?
What do you think the poem "Tiger in the Menagerie" by Emma Jones is about?
As a professional author do you enjoy reading books of other authors in your genre? Or, do you get tied up in analyzing it?
What's the general perception of Shakespeare and his works amongst teens?
How can the intended audience of an article be determined?
What added depth is achieved when using symbolism?
Does California need more Shakespeare?
Why is poetry important in modern society?
What American authors are assigned reading in other countries?
What are some good examples of funny poem about exams?
How did Beowulf come to be known in British literature when it's about Scandinavians?
How do I write good answers in English literature at college level?
What is a short story that is worthwhile to read?
Which are the some best English writings that everyone must read?
Which are similar books have been written by "Shiv Khera"?
What are the best poems of William Henry Davies?
I can't seem to find any other literary character like Jason Bourne (personality-wise), should I just write my own book?
What is your opinion of Edgar Allen Poe's writing?
Where can I find a summary of the poem Bhikshuk by Suryakant Tripathi?
How should I study English Literature as an Indian?
Are there intelligence overlaps to become a musical genius like Williams, Rahman or Zimmer, and a literary genius like Shakespeare, Tolstoy or King?
Are there any fictional or literary characters very similar in personality to Jason Bourne and also have a similar life to that of the films?
What are some fictional (plot devices) places or settlements in the UK?
How is mood defined in literature?
In the "Palestinian Jewish Literature", in the book of Tobit, Tobit mentioned the name "Cabael". On what page does this appear?
What some metonymy examples in literature?
How can youth creativity foster interest to literature?
Which language has the richest literature?
How do I learn poetry?
Why are Romeo and Juliet to blame for their deaths?
How can you describe the different types of short story?
What is the short story, Dirae, by Peter Beagle, about?
What is written in Kanshi Ram's chamcha age?
How much time is required to gain PHD in English literature?
How do I write like Hemingway?
How can I learn to easily spot Neo-classical poetry?
What is the masculine ending of poems?
What is Shakespeare’s purpose with Juliet in “Romeo and Juliet”?
How many words should be there in a humourous-romantic fiction novel?
What is an example of cacophony in poetry?
What distinguishes a poem from other types of writing?
Do you like the book The Little Prince, and why?
Who wrote the novel “Aranyak”?
What impact did Maugham's short story "The Fall of Edward Barnard" have on you? What is your takeaway from this story?
What are some examples of anadiplosis in literature?
What are some important aspects of literature?
What are some good short stories for teenagers?
Does Shakespeare ever mention the Americas?
Which is the best short?
What is the deep meaning of the word '"foul" in the title, "Parlament of Foules"?
What are some best plays ever written?
What are examples of caesura in poetry?
How are similes, metaphors and personifications used in literature?
What are the different courses available after Bsc physics, chemistry and mathematics?
What are the best examples of heroes masquerading as villains, other than Professor Severus Snape and Uchiha Itachi?
What is the history of the North American Literature?
What are the best books written by Margaret Atwood?
What do you think are the main objectives and content of literature?
What is the definition of “image” in English literature?
What piece of classical literature contains halcyon as an allusion?
How can one get a noble prize in English literature?
What is the role of environment in literature?
What is the most self-indulgent piece of writing you've read?
What are the literature reviews on the topics of educated mothers and the educational status of their child?
Why do my INTP friends hate creative/non-logical subjects like English Literature?
Which stories and poem will probably appear in ICSE 2018?
What are examples of Chinese fables? What is the meaning behind them?
Which poems and stories are important for ISC lit 2017?
Was Meursault from Camus' novel 'Stranger' (US) / 'Outsider' (UK) a sociopath?
What is mock-heroic poem?
What are some examples of chronological literature?
What are the periods of world literature?
Is there any novel about Iran-Iraq war?
How would an author describe you as a character in a book?
Can someone help me get to know the different meters used in English poetry?
How can I get a pass for English Literature?
What are the novels used in AS level literature?
Where can I find empirical literatures for short period birth spacing?
In Borges's short story Ulrikke, who is Anna whom De Quincey seeked among the crowds of London?
Can I submit a poem on this site?
Is there such a thing as "bad" literature?
What are some criminal characters with genius-level intellect in literature?
What are examples of didactic poems?
What articles on the neuroscience of poetry would you recommend?
Why should I read a lot? Is the impact of books on one's life overstated?
What is the difference between books and literature?
Can the 50 Shades of Grey series be regarded as literary works?
What does the passage about the wild roots in The Children of Húrin mean?
Can I use the American Psychological Association (APA) to write a literature review in the field of Medical Sciences?
May I know the summary of the short story, "The Grown-up"?
What is the first novel that got you interested in fiction?
Who are the top TEN fiction writers writing in English in Malaysia judging by awards won and reviews?
Why do some people think Hamlet (or any Shakespeare play) was bad literature?
How is literature taught in the USA?
Who was the author of this short horror story?
What is the least mentioned day of the week and month of the year in literature, films, songs, etc.? And what are the most mentioned?
What courses can I pursue after class 12? I am good at literature and I often write poems as well.
Is the The Annotated Huckleberry Finn: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Michael Patrick Hearn a good book to get to supplement my English unit?
What is your favourite classic book of all time, and why?
What is the one piece of poetry/writing that you’re proud of and would love the world to read?
Why is Holden Caulfield often inconsistent with his words?
How can I excel in my romantic poetry exam?
What is the line to line explanation of poem "The village schoolmaster" written by Oliver Goldsmith?
What is the difference between traditional and modern poetry?
What's the most wonderful book you've ever read?
What are some examples of oxymorons in poetry?
Which course offers a wider scope of job opportunities: BA English Honors or BA-EJP course (English, Journalism, Psychology)?
What is literary heritage?
I'm a fan of Lee Child's, Stieg Larsson's, James Patternson's and Jo Nesbo's books. Which criminal's author should I try next?
To whom is Sonnet 18 addressed?
What kind of family dynamics is the most interesting in your opinion?
What do you think is the importance of names in children's literature?
What are the differences between the Great Expectations movie (1946) & the novel?
What are some examples of falling action and climax in literature?
What are the effects of figurative language in literature?
What are the main themes of the Dracula novel?
What are some examples of antecedents in literature?
What are some examples of symbols used in literature?
Why do we study Greek Literature?
For those who have read the Catcher in the Rye, would you say that Holden Caulfield has a solid identity?
What is epic poetry? Do all major civilizations (Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Mesopotamian, Indian, Chinese, Western) all have epic poetry in their literature?
What should a novel tell its readers of this generation and the coming generation?
I want to pursue English literature. How do I know if I am any good at it?
What is the meaning of the last stanza of the poem 'Invictus'?
What is disentangled representation in neural net literature?
How is “Small Pain in My Chest” an anti-war poem?
How does the Internet Literature University in China work?
Is self-help literature usually effective and applicable? What are the self-help books that are really effective and applicable into everyday life?
What are the must read poems for amateur poets? I've written some poems on my own but not really read much. Where should I start from?
What are the best materials for writing a literature review on a geostatistical analysis of heavy metal polluted soils?
I have finished a short story that is about 8000 words long. What literary publications will still consider it?
How are the five elements of literature used?
What topic should I choose for my project in literature?
What are the different genres of poetry at GCSE? I know there are war poems and love poems. What else?
Despite being a linguist, I fail to appreciate literature. Is that normal?
What is an example of repetition in a poem?
What are the similarities of the Wizard of Oz and the Bible?
What are literature and fiction?
If you could do a Dorian Gray would you?
What strategy can be used to cover the syllabus of English literature in ISC 2017?
Does someone know resources to learn French with the main purpose of read French and Belgian poetry, literature?
Why was deception a common literary theme in the Elizabethan era, especially in Shakespeare's works?
What are some online learning communities for literature?
How can I meet Paulo Coelho?
How come most magical realist literature is being written and read by people with a Roman Catholic background?
How can one access literature and poetic materials?
How can co-relate literature with environment?
How can I write poems containing literary devices in them?
What is the secret to a poem that just seems to "work"?
What is your opinion of "sensitivity readers"?
Was Valmiki a better writer than Shakespeare?
There is a good word to describe something very popular and trashy, bad taste, lurid at the same time?
Does Truman Capote's novel "In Cold Blood" respect the topic of the Clutters' murder or does it dramatize/romanticize it?
Why does government include literature subjects in schools?
Which are the best colleges or universities in the world to study literature and history?
What is the most beautiful Chinese poem?
How is The Great Indian Novel?
How do the 4 methods of characterization in literature differ?
What are some good short stories for a quick read?
Why is the Oresteia a tragedy if it has a happy ending?
Is it good to read the works of authors you disagree with?
How does Shakespeare present Lady Macbeth as a powerful woman?
Are there any tricks to writing a literature review effectively and easily?
Who is your favorite fictional deity?
What is it called when a statement comes back to itself? For example: I'm bad at golf because I never play it, but I never play it because I'm bad at it.
What is a short poem or song related to consequentialism?
What is the best poem book you've ever read?
What is the literary device in “Little fat books stood up by themselves.”?
Have you ever written a novel? If so, what is the biggest experience that it provided you?
Is “The Little Match Girl” a well-known story? Is it taught at school? If yes, how is it taught?
Can you name some marvellous works in the field of novels?
What apps can I use to read quality novels from popular authors?
What's with all the "best-seller" books nowadays? Is it just a label used to attract buyers or is there any benchmark or sort?
Who is the favorite in the Western world, Dostoevsky or Tolstoy?
What kind of imagery do you think the poem the Vagabond evokes when Stevenson talks of his ideal life?
What is a philosophically invigorating book that pushes the mind to think both laterally and logically, a literary masterpiece?
How do I find literature on reviews of a conveyor belt?
Does poetry process emotions differently than esp. music or neurology does? What changes in the long run via a poetry vs a neurology approach to emotions?
What are some examples of inference in literature?
What is the central theme of the poem "My November Guest" by Robert Frost?
Can I use the name of my nonprofit to publish my personal literary works?
Which Bangladeshi literature is more popular in Kolkata?
How did the time George Orwell spent in Burma change his worldview?
What can be the best books to increase knowledge in Hindi literature and its history?
When will the applications for an MPhil in English Literature be out for 2017?
Soul awakens, eyes get closed. Is this a right phrase?
How the characters of books are important to society?
What are some examples of attitudes in poetry?
What are some of the most important characteristics of modern literature?
What are some examples of poems with many literary devices?
What is your review of Neil Gaiman's book American Gods?
Which is better: "What's your favourite short poem" or "What's your favourite short poem and why"?
What's your best poem of all time?
How can I select a research topic in literature?
What norms of Maycomb make Boo and Tom disabled?
What are some examples of famous Gothic poetry?
What are some characteristics of plot structures in modern literature?
How can you create poems that inspire and provide strength?
What are some interesting novels (romantic/philosophical/spiritual/humorous) written by Indian authors?
What is the Purgatorio of Dante's Divine Comedy all about?
How do I and who do I submit a few very good love poems to be read and judged?
What's the difference between generic conventions and language elements in poetry?
What are examples of AI/ML systems that recognize great art (music, writing, photography, painting, etc…)?
How many nonfiction books do you read nowadays every month?
What is the most inspiring book ever written?
Is literature a form of art like painting or drawing?
If you have some literatures about physics and calculus formula derivation, could you share them with me?
"Literature is not a game for the cloistered elect, the tinhorn mendicants of low calorie despair." What does "low calorie despair" mean?
What apps are excellent for preparing for a Master’s in English, and for the general improvement of your English grammar?
Would you say Thus Spoke Zarathustra is a good example of situationist literature?
What are the ways in which modernism manifests itself in art and literature?
What are the effects of the English language on African literature?
I am a student of the science stream, but I want to take a BA in English or literature in India. Which universities should I apply for?
How many books did Rick Riordan write?
What makes The Scarlet Letter a good book?
Manny realizes that the castle described in the book he is reading stands for a larger idea: paradise. Which literary device is the author using?
What is the difference between an active voice and a passive voice in a story?
What are some examples of unique narratives or perspectives in a novel?
Can I earn good money if I get a master's degree in English Literature?
What is an explanation of the ending of "Cien años de soledad"?
What is some essential terminology that I should know for IB English literature papers 1 and 2?
How can I appreciate a poem?
Why do the British find Shakespeare so inspiring?
Was "The Old Man and the Sea," a novella by Ernest Hemingway, merely an attack on literary critics?
Could someone write a short poem on Maths in English?
What are the classic works of Byzantine literature?
How does we pass history paper in literature?
Which is the best political satire novel in English or Kannada?
Who has written "Allah had A thought to see himself and created Mohammad (Saw) from his noor" full poem?
What are some examples of parallels between Dante's Inferno and Mary Shelly's Frankenstein?
What is the name of the English novel involving a boy who returns to his village and solves a theft using a camera with his native friend?
In what ways is Hamlet a monster?
Did Shakespeare distribute play parts to actors that were only their lines and prompts, to prevent anyone having a full copy of the play/theft of it?
What is the key difference between literature review and related work?
Is the federalist papers number 30 a classical piece of literature?
Do you like classic books?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
What does the raven symbolize in the poem of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe?
How is Herman Munster different from Frankenstein's monster?
Do I need to master specific techniques to write poems that leave an indelible impression in the mind of a reader?
How do I respond to the allusion "don't be a Scrooge" on a work email?
Can literary and management be related?
Is classical literature similar to classical music?
What are some examples of cynicism in literature?
What is some good literature for writing a term paper on radix sort?
How would you explain each quatrain of Sonnet 25 by Shakespeare?
What are the best books written by S L bhyrappa?
What are your reviews of 1984 by George Orwell?
What is the first percentage of BA English literature at Madras University?
Is Lorde's song "Glory and Gore" about terrorism?
Will there ever be a rewrite of Charles Dickens's books with a modern setting?
What music fits well with reading some Czech literature (Kundera, Hrabal etc.)?
Can spoken word poetry become a recognizable profession and industry? If so, how can this be achieved?
Who are the most interesting characters from ancient literature?
What is criteria of admission for outside Maharashtra for UG course English literature?
Progressing societies outgrow institutions; just like growing children outgrow clothes. Can anyone explain this essay topic?
What is a good example of imagery in literature?
Are there any screenplays in the form of a poem?
Why is Mansfield Park (now) the least popular of Jane Austen's novels?
I’ve read Androids, and now I want to read Dune, is it worth reading?
What are some examples of stereotypes in literature?
Which books are the most important in the CBSC NET exam for English literature?
What are the classic works of each (ancient or medieval) culture's literature?
What are some examples of literary devices in "Perfume" by Patrick Süskind?
Is literature the best criticism of life?
What is the definition of the term "dynamic characterization"?
Who is the most promising English poet in today's literary world?
My mom found a lesbian novel in my backpack and confiscated it, saying that it was "wrong". What can I do to get it back?
Where can I find reputable sources on GK Chesterton and his Father Brown book series?
Who has read all the works of Shakespeare in English?
What is heightened language (in literature and language)?
Can you name for me some characters of gothic literature?
What are examples of refrain in poetry?
Why is Robinson Crusoe regarded as marking the beginning of realistic fiction?
What is animism in literature?
What is the difference between anchor paper and core paper when making a literature review?
Where did the gentleman criminal archetype originate? Do gentleman criminals exist?
Does Woody Allen's variety of humor, presented in his essay "My Speech to the Graduates", seem too slapstick or strained?
What type of poems audience prefer to read?
Is it okay for a 16 year old to read Paulo Coelho books?
What is a paradox in literature?
What is the pay like if one graduates with an English literature degree in India?
What's your reading strategy?
Can Shakespeare be considered as the father of Metaphors? He has given birth to and adopted many extensively.
How do I explain repetition as a rhetorical device with examples from poetry?
What is a brief summary of Tom Robinson's trial in "To Kill A Mockingbird"?
What is a simple explanation of the meaning of juxtaposition in literature? What is an example?
What are the best books you've ever read? Why?
Which book is better for the history of English literature, Longer or Routledge?
What is a good example of a loose sentence in literature?
What are your favorite classic books written by women?
Can you tell me more about knowledge literature?
How, do you think, is poetry like humour?
Is the Qur'an considered a great piece of literature?
Does Hokkien tone sandhi still apply when reading Classical Chinese poetry?
What are the books youngsters must read?
Are you here? Are we here?
Why is reading literature or non fiction important?
What are some of the best fictional antichrist characters?
Was Victor Hugo interested in Spiritism?
How did the Starks conquer the north and why were they stronger than any other house?
Is there any site in which the Delhi University topper students post their notes on English literature? If yes, can you send me the link?
Why does only Tamil and Sanskrit qualify as world's classical languages from India?
Is Kipling's poem "The Widow of Windsor" a collection of limericks?
What is the difference between English language and composition/English literature and composition?
What is the relationship between Alfred Stevens and Herman Melville?
What are some of the great poems/lines anyone ever wrote?
What is the poem "Elegy for Jane" about?
Why do human beings not like literature and philosophy?
What does it mean when your crush sends you a poem?
Is English Literature a good major to study?
How many books should one read to become an aspiring writer?
What literary elements should be studied in Arms and The Man? Would they repeat any stories & essays in ISC Literature?
What are some examples of metaphorical allusions in literature?
What are examples of mythology allusions in literature?
How can I become a successful writer? Do I need to be an English literature graduate to write?
Are the characters, characteristics, and features in literature one and the same thing?
What is the difference between M.A. in 'English', 'English Literature' and 'Literatures in English' in EFLU?
How can I carry out a good literature review?
What are examples of dramatic forms?
What is a beautiful poem about a cherry blossom tree for my mum (68)? I am not good at poetry.
What is the full procedure to apply for PhD in literature?
How hard is it to get a seat in MCC for a BA in English Literature? I have 84%, am not a Christian and I belong to the SCA.
What prose and poetry are likely to come in ICSE English Literature Board Exam 2017? Can I skip 2015 and 2016 ones?
Which writers should one read if one likes the works of Charles Bukowski?
Which are the best Indian written English novels?
What are some examples of plots in literature?
What are some of the different genres of literature?
What is Bhagvad Gita for you?
What is an anecdote in literature?
Which is your favourite Hindi poem?
Has there been a bestseller written by someone who doesn't like to read books?
What is literature in simple words?
What are the most famous pieces of African literature?
Isn't A Song of Ice and Fire/Game of Thrones a sadistic piece of literature?
How does Arthur Miller use a literary work to critique society?
Which is the best edition of the book The Little Prince?
What are examples of implied author and implied reader in literature?
How can I use the Colonial Discourse in Heart of Darkness?
What is the purpose of literary voice?
What are examples where literature changes meaning when translated?
What is structure in English literature?
Is this a good rap lyric: “In this place the life and death's line is very thin. This game you cannot win as winning will mean you made a sin.”?
If you could learn one language for the sake of its literature, which would you choose?
How much are books from the 1800's worth now?
Why do you think the narrator in Tell-Tale Heart is mad?
In your mind, what is the best poem ever written in the Victorian era?
Can anybody give me some ambitious structural devices to use in English literature?
What are some examples of people who have shown skill in exploiting the "tide in the affairs of men" that Shakespeare wrote about?
In Alcott’s novel, Little Women, how does Jo challenge the traditional role of women during her time period?
Where can I find some literary essays for my literature class?
What are some great authors whose family name begins with "J"?
In Act II, why does Romeo want to remain at the Capulet house?
Is literature a mirror of society?
How is the literature review and project background together with dicussion related?
Suggest me some current research topics in English literature as I am going to do Ph.D next and on what area should I focus on?
What is your favorite screen version of Shakespeare's play "Richard III"?
What are some examples of literary moods?
What are some good short poems to analyze?
How difficult is Malayalam language to speak & write for non native speakers?
Which are the best Journals on Criticism and Literature?
How rare is an original 1900 copy of "Lucky Ten Bar of Paradise Valley'' by C.M. Stevens?
What are some of the best humorous literatures?
How do memory and love interact with one another in The Great Gatsby?
What was the role of the queen in making the writings of Shakespeare popular?
Which is better: A Farewell to Arms or The Old Man and the Sea?
Could it be that Marcus Aurelius' “Meditations” have been tampered after being written just to fit Christians’ morality and ethics?
Is it possible for citations of academic literature to form a loop?
In the ICSE English Literature are we only given marks on the words used from the text?
How is cross culturality the soul of world literature?
What are some of the best one-line poems you have heard or written?
What should be the length of answers for ICSE English literature questions?
What is English literature about?
What are the 6 novels written by Indian authors which you would call “the best”?
What does the poem Prodigal by Linda Gregerson mean?
What does the conflict in the book "Frankenstein" represent?
What are some cliche examples in poetry?
What kind of a man was William Shakespeare by nature, in character and behaviour and not by his scholarly knowledge?
What are the great novels with a great moral from great writers? Which are the websites from which I can download novels?
How do I mention literary influences in my novel, explaining what and why I draw from each, for something in-between a bibliography list and an acknowledgments list?
What do free verse poems do?
What is your favorite literary trail?
Why does industrial economics literature assume that the utility is linear in prices?
What is the historical significance of ancient Philippine literature?
How should Shakespeare's major works be ranked?
What is the basic meaning of poem "imaginary number" written by Vijay Seshadri?
Do you consider Harry Potter to be literature? Do you think it will stand the test of time?
What makes poetry so special?
What are the characteristics of a symbolic poem?
What is the heroic code in the poem "Beowulf"?
How can I make a poem about sportsmanship?
What is the duty of a literary vice captain?
What fictional character has the scariest superpower?
What does pathetic fallacy create in literature?
How can literature influence politics?
What is the inner meaning of the poem 'The Sound Collector'?
What are the best ending notes in a novel, a legend, a tale, a ballad or a story?
How did contemporary Russian literature influence the Russian Revolution, and vice versa?
Where can I find, when they do exist, the personal reading and writing notes from the great Russian and French authors?
Is poem composed or written by a poet?
Do you think that writing what actually happened is better than writing what could actually happen in literature?
What do you get out of reading Shakespeare?
What are the best verses that were ever written for a fictional religion?
What are some great novels that are really fun to read, but are also considered excellent literature?
How does the trip to the black church affect Jem and Scout in To Kill a Mockingbird?
How does the play Macbeth engage the audience with a central character who is a murderer?
Which one of these two books gives a more accurate portrayal of Iran: Reading Lolita in Tehran or Jasmine and Stars?
Why is Jose Arcadio Buendia your favourite literary character?
How do you think poetry has contributed to the world?
Where are poems for all kinds of celebrations available?
What Hindi poem is written by you?
How important is rhyming in poetry?
What classic novel would you match with a city to read it in?
How does one know if one’s novel synopsis is good?
I want to read novels. As a beginner which novel should I start with? (Interested in economics, love stories, knowledge)
Why was John Keats so criticized during his life time?
What is a narrative format paper, and what purpose does it serve?
What is the climax of a literary work?
Are there any modern examples of Telugu epic poetry?
How are novels different than other types of literature?
What kind of topics can be chosen to make a research in English literature?
How did Romantic and Victorian literature originate?
Can we read Shiv purana as a book?
What are the most unheard of English literary techniques?
What are some good antonyms for suppression and/or oppression?
What is the theme of the poem Little Elegy by Keith Althaus?
Which book is the most expensive book ever published or priced?
What should a person do for literature?
What books will you suggest Donald Trump to read?
Which contemporary mainstream novels do you think will be taught in English Literature school curriculum in the future?
What does "spring rills in a thaw" mean?
How would you describe the state of mind, euphoria or God-like trance Dante was in when he wrote?
How should I prepare English Literature for ISC 2017?
How do I understand “freedom from fear poem"?
I want to study Fresnel integrals for a piece of work, does anyone know of a good piece of literature I could read to help my understanding of them?
What are the most influential books in literature?
I'm very much interested in English literature and have read many classics. I want to have a career related to the same. What are some best careers?
What are some common examples of assonance in literature?
How are flashforwards used in literature?
What is an old classic book that I should read?
What are the greatest English-language novels of all time that have less than 400 pages?
How is lexical deviation used in poems?
Which is your favourite short story by O'Henry and why?
What is the best time to study for class 12?
Would you read a short stories on the internet?
I read a book "The Beast of Cretatia" and absolutely loved it. Does anyone know any good books similar?
Do you think The Great Gatsby is The Great American Novel?
Is it necessary to read Leo Tolstoy in Russian or is English OK? How much is lost by reading Tolstoy/Dostoevsky in English vs the original Russian?
What was Michael Masiello's dissertation on?
What are some good books about: literature influence on history and the world?
To what extent do classical receptions reflect the literary, artistic and/or socio-political concerns of the modern day era?
What is the weirdest book you have read and why?
Which is the best poem on abortion of girl child?
What are some poems writtern by Munshi Premchand?
Why was Mrs Dalloway written by Virginia Woolf is a stream of consciousness novel?
What are some similes in "The Lightning Thief"?
What are some literary intricacies I can use to transition a protagonist to antagonist?
Which novels have a very unique narration style?
Is “April Showers Bring May Flowers” a poem?
What is the benefit of defining a genre in literature?
How do words make us feel?
How much influence does Bengali literature have over Indian literature?
How would you analyse Walt Whitman’s use of figures of speech in the poem In Paths Untrodden?
Which poetic devices are used by WB Yeats in his poems "Death", "Mohini Chatterjee", "The Second Coming", and "The Supernatural Songs"?
What are examples of a person's weakness being used against them?
What are some good Turkish poetry and quotes?
How do I get a PhD in English literature after studying for an MSc?
How do common literary techniques work?
Do English literature graduates get into the advertising industry and how?
What is the best broadway show ever written and who was the author?
How can one explain the differences between English literature and English language teaching?
What are 3 reasons that prove Romeo and Juliet are responsible for their own death?
How and why does popular literature make people stupid?
How do I identify different figures of speech in literature?
Who would win in a battle between The Thing against a Xenomorph?
Is there any love poetry?
What are some great and easy to read classic books by non-British, non-American authors?
How can I sell my poems?
What is it like to study the foreign language and literature in a country at undergraduate level with local students?
What are some good long poems?
Is anyone willing to share their own original unpublished poem(s)?
What are Shakespeare's sonnets main characteristics?
Who were the patrons of Persian Literature under Akbar?
What are some literary works that are originally non-English but are similar to those by JK Rowling (Harry Potter) or Tolkien?
What are some really great novels written in English few people know about?
What are the reasons why literature is important?
What are the character traits for Mrs. Scatcherd in the novel Jane Eyre?
In ASOIAF vs GOT, can the show provide an alternate ending to the book series?
What did you think of the Vorrh, by Brian Catling?
Would you consider Shakespeare great? Why?
How can I understand the conflict between science and religion in Victorian literature? Would you please recommend some books?
Who decides which literature should be classic?
What is a good poem citation generator?
Can you suggest me another great book similar to 1984 by George Orwell?
What is the best written patent you've ever read and why?
Has anyone in a research group ever written an internal guide for the newcomers?
Is Victorian literature still relevant?
What is the influence of Charles Dickens?
What are the best Short comedy story website?
When does language become literature?
What are some must read Spanish fiction novels ?
What does the following line convey, "take in that which inflames her bond"? It's from a poem on woman empowerment.
What books are so interesting that you stay up late to read them？
Can poetry be used to give DAWA?
Which is the most heartbreaking poem you have ever written?
What could be the best outcome of reading lots of novels?
Does reading great literature discourage aspiring novelists?
What elements are in Chinese wuxia novel but not in Western literature?
What are the top 10 novels written by Agatha Christie?
What poetry novel would you recommend?
What's the best way to learn Shakespeare as a teen?
Which Indian writers are similar to Haruki Murakami?
Did Shakespeare write Macbeth to impress King James?
Will the content we write on Quora, today, become works of great literature, five hundred years from now?
In what order should I read Pushkin, Turgenev, Gogol, Dostoevsky, and Tolstoy?
Can sign language be used to 'read' someone a piece of literary classic (or any fiction, really)?
What are some ideas for satire writing?
What are some good poems to read for a poetry slam?
What are the most challenging aspects of writing literary biographies?
What type of fictional characters do you tend to attach to? Do you think that this reflects your subconscious somehow?
What are some examples of anthology in a poem?
What are some characteristics of traditional literature?
Which is the best quote of Shakespeare? Why?
Is the book "The Prince" a good read?
What are the best poems of Robert Browning Hamilton?
Have you ever written a poem about hugs?
Is the book “50 Shades of Grey” written to dissuade people from abusive relationships?
What do you know about European literature? (anything)
Has anyone ever scored full marks in ICSE board English literature paper?
What are the most intense passages in books ever?
What is the feminine ending of poems?
How is knowledge gained from the scientific literature on learning that is utilized by teachers in the American secondary school system?
What was Plato's effect on literary criticism?
Do we have enough time?
Has anyone read "The Overcoat" by Gogol? Do you think freshmen college students in the U.S. would enjoy and understand it?
In which language the world's best literature have been written?
Who are some interesting Victorian era characters?
What exactly is a literature review in a thesis?
What are the characteristics of historical fiction?
Who is your favorite erotic Chick Lit writer? Why?
What are the universal symbols in literature?
Is reading books still important now that we have the internet?
Can you convert me into a sci-fi fan by proposing for me three works only?
What's the difference between a review and a critical review in scientific journals?
How does the tone of a poem change?
What are some examples of invective in literature?
Once I've written a poem, what are the best ways to improve on it?
What are the best websites for Telugu poetry?
What is the advantage of reading classic novels for a girl in her 20s?
What is the darkest poem you have ever read?
Are introductions to novels and plays important from an exam point of view?
Did Umberto Eco affirm drawing inspiration for The Name of the Rose from the Cold War political context and leftist factionalism?
What are the settings of the novel "The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect" by Roger Williams?
What are some epic stories with a family rivalry?
What are the best Hindi poem sites?
Is Macbeth ambitious?
What are the actions of a good mother?
What is the importance of stanzas in poems?
What are Hermann Hesse's best 3 poems?
How can I analyze a short story?
What should I do with my poems?
Which Goddesses does Fuller mention in "Woman of the Nineteenth Century"?
What is your opinion of Lion Feuchtwanger's Josephus trilogy?
What are some good Hindi poetry blogs?
Which short story collections mention Mullah Nasreddin?
Why did William Shakespeare not name characters? For example, the 3 witches in Macbeth and the 2 clowns in Hamlet why no names?
What are the applications of information technology in literature?
What is the meaning of metaphor in poem?
What is the importance of the twentieth century literature?
What's the best way to find a publisher for a poetry book?
If every book on Earth would soon be destroyed and you could only save five books in the world, which books would you save and why?
What are some recommendations for poems by Wordsworth, Bronte, Poe, Blake, Dickinson, Eliot, Shakespeare, Bob Dylan, Tagore, Lewis Carroll, Frost, Silverstein, Dr. Seuss, Roald Dahl, Maya Angelou, R.L. Stevenson, John Donne, Plato, and Kenn Nesbitt?
What are some examples of amplification in literature?
What are some lesser known facts about George Orwell's Animal Farm?
What are some examples of poems with imagery and figurative language?
What can "trivial literature" or art teach us, especially pompous pricks (who usually don't know the first thing about art)?
Where were the great works of literature written?
What is the most beautiful novel of Dostoyevsky you've ever read?
What is the best oneliner motivation/quote you ever heard?
Why would Joseph Conrad write Heart of Darkness as a framed story?
What is Gaines’ primary message in the novel?
Where can I get the critical analysis of all poems written by prominent poets?
How is deliberate exaggeration used in literature?
Who wrote Full Moon at Tierz?
Is the worldview presented in Friedrich Dürrenmatt's play The Visit pessimistic or hopeful?
What are some good circular reasoning examples in literature?
Why do people not read old literature today, e.g. Shakespeare?
What is the bandwagon technique in literature, and what are some examples?
What are other good books by George Orwell, author of 1984?
Is it possible that if you stop reading novels and other literary texts, your vocabulary will decrease?
Why does Shakespeare use the name 'Balthasar' so often in his plays?
Why are many business house's literature dull and void of interest?
What are the best humour and satire stuff written in English?
How long does it take for a poem to get selected on the Kavita blog?
What are some examples of aphorism found in literature?
What are some symbols of darkness in literature?
Whom can I contact on Facebook to ask about an MA in literature?
What does exposition mean in literature, and what are some examples?
Is there any English poem as a translation for Heinrich Heine's poem Ein Fichtenbaum steht einsam?
Is literary technique the same as literary devices?
If Harry Hardyng becomes Lord of the Vale, will he change his surname to Arryn?
What are some suggestions for a master’s thesis on the topic of linguistics in literature?
Have anyone read the Korean short story "Rain shower (Sonagi)"? If so, what was your impression about it?
What are some of the visual poetry you have written?
Is Bystander a post modern poem? Justify.
What is your all time favorite poem?
What is your review of A.A. Milne's The Ugly Duckling, and is it an adaptation of the classic The Ugly Duckling tale?
How can I understand scansion in poetry?
Could someone kindly recommend few helpful books that'll help me with actively reading and understanding English literature novels?
How do I make my English literature more emotive?
Can you share some of your own written poems?
Will a literary agent help me find an illustrator too?
Would people suggest novels about solitude and isolation like stranded in space, an isolated mansion or isolated northern towns?
What is literary art?
How is a verbal and a dramatic irony used?
What lost work of literature would be the most valuable, if found, and why?
How can I learn American literature?
Is the reading improvement graph one that eventually plateaus?
Can literature that someone finds personally offensive still be quality literature?
Is there a reference book that tracks down all of the innovations that happened in the literary arts?
What should I do to become great fiction writer independent of the genre?
What could be a good literary piece; short story or poem, that I could contribute to a discussion on the theme 'holiday'?
Why aren't there any thoughtful female monologues in classic literature?
What are some well known villains from fiction with no humanity?
How long did it take Orwell to write 1984?
How do I mindmap a literary work?
What is the meaning of this Sanskrit poem?
What could be an 8th deadly sin?
Can I get a degree in English literature while at KEM Medical College in Mumbai?
In which ways can you exemplify the damage global warming and environmental contamination?
Was it Oscar Wilde's "Happy Prince" referred to someone in real life?
Why did boys play female roles in Shakespeare’s dramas?
What is the difference between a Petrarchan, a Spenserian, and a Miltonic sonnet?
Who were/are the greatest British fiction literature translators?
What is the difference between poems and poet?
What is resolution in literature?
What are the unknown characters’ names in ancient Indian literature?
What are your ways of discovering and reading poetry?
What exactly does one study in literature (English honors)?
How many pages do I need to write for ISC English literature for 20 marks in the booklet?
Which is Keki Daruwalla's best poem?
What is The Trial by Franz Kafka about?
How does literature help us make sense of the unlikely human condition?
What are didactics of literature?
What are the best poems about the mind in disrepair?
Are there any modern works of poetry comparable to the ancient Epic poetry style of Homer?
"Foul is fair, fair is foul" and "Man made money but money made man" Are these paradox or antithesis?
What does subplot mean in literature? What are some examples?
How does a novel, short story or collection of short stories get selected to be taught in school?
In Macbeth, how is Shakespeare's use of scent significant when Lady Macbeth remarks "all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand"?
How did literature change during the Great Depression?
Do novels written in second person sell?
What is the best advertorial you've ever read?
Can Indian teachers get jobs in American schools?
What are the features of 20th century literature?
Are any Haruki Murakami stories set in Osaka, Kobe, Kansai or the Kyoto areas?
What are some good term paper topic on human rights literature?
What are some examples of stock characters in literature?
How can the stages of plot development be described?
Can you write a brief book review to summarize your favorite book?
If you had to do it over again, how would you go about discovering English poetry?
As an English literature student, what is the first thing I should know about English literature?
How was "to kill a mockingbird" received in the American north?
Is it worth going abroad for masters in English literature?
What are some examples of puns in Act 2, Scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
Who is the author aaksa karuna Shah?
What are the literary devices used by Lois Tyson in The Great Gatsby?
Is there any evidence that Ophelia was pregnant?
What are some characteristics of the different kinds of poetry?
What is the significance of didactic poetry?
What is the hidden meaning to JD Salinger's " The Catcher In The Rye"?
How do I read Dostoyevski's 'Crime and punishment'?
What's the difference between classical literature and literature of recent times?
What is diction in literature?
I wish to illustrate meaningful stories for a living. Where should I begin?
Do fantasy novels ever have long-lasting literary merit?
What are some examples about stories with satire?
What are the best poems that convey loneliness?
What are the best works of literature?
How do I deal with being a business major, who is solely interested in English literature?
How do I prepare for English literature in 4 days?
How is Literature represented in The Reader by Bernhard Schlink?
How can I get university text books for political science and English literature?
What are some examples of imagery in poetry?
If you had to choose between William Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway, who would you pick and why?
Why does Benjamin say in his article "Baudelaire or the Streets of Paris" that "the department store was the flaneur's final coup"?
Has Oscar Wilde written any novels?
How did John Steinbeck's decision to change the title of his masterpiece The Grapes of Wrath change literature?
How is persuasive rhetoric used in poems?
What are the codes and conventions of a thriller?
How does social isolation and development of personal ideas in Fahrenheit 451 contribute to the idea that literature is important?
What is wrong with this sonnet?
What are the most important themes and concepts in George Orwell's 1984?
Can I study AME after completing my graduate in English literature?
What do you like most about poetry?
What is smash poetry?
What are some poem about ideal child?
Which books are required reading for the JELET?
Which kind of short stories are in trend now?
What are the key issues to consider when writing a literature review for master's students?
Why do so many young people struggle with studying English literature?
Who is Holden Caulfield’s greatest inspiration?
Why is Ashara Dayne referenced so much (even again at the end of ADWD) in R+L=J given how rarely GRRM "wastes words"?
Why is the theme important in literature?
What is the definition of “imagery” in English literature?
What ways does literature contribute to the lives of the everyday American?
What are some books of letters written by "Intellectuals"?
What are some novels or plays which have characters like Voldemort or Griffith as the hero?
What are famous books of Marathi literature in Hindi?
What is the purpose of Images in literature?
What are some of the prominent job opportunities for a MA English literature graduate in MNCs? (India)
What are some best lines from novels?
Do you think that postmodernism is explored in philosophy, literary theory, or both?
Have you ever met some Chinese guys who major in social science or literature in the US?
What are some qualities of good poetry?
Can someone provide a complete list of David Foster Wallace's known literary influences?
Are there any interesting (with historical or literary importance) old erotic tales (mainly asian)? Are the tales in The Handmaiden movie real?
Where can I get the Hindi poetry books as ebook?
Which is the best novel to read to develop marketing skills?
What exactly is an epithet? What are some simple examples in literature?
How can I write a poem about computers and literature by combining both of them?
Who are the best contemporary Brazilian writers?
How can I understand and analyse Pope’s poem “Celia” in terms of its meaning and style?
Can anyone give me literature on biodiesel?
What are some ideas that prove that the novels Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights weren't written by the same author?
How will people react if Chetan Bhagat gets a Nobel Prize for Literature?
Is modern industrial education compatible with philosophy, literature and fine arts?
How many stories should be in a short stories book?
What are examples of caricature in the book Animal Farm by George Orwell?
Is there any app or site through which I can clarify my doubts easily and at any time for my English literature course? If yes?
What are some local folk stories from where you are from?
What are some examples of protest literature?
How do people celebrate International Dylan Thomas Day?
What are the common modernism themes and characteristics of Mad Men?
What are your views on the poem, Adonais?
What are the job opportunities if one graduates with an English literature degree in Mumbai?
What is the cutoff for the LLB at Dr. Ambedkar Law University in Chennai for the GC?
Why do authors use animals in children literature?
How could Littlefinger sustain himself to play the game with such delight even after his dreams were shattered?
What are the themes of Robinson Crusoe?
Is the title appropriate in the poem “Bangle Sellers”?
How is life depicted in literature?
Why did Joseph Conrad write Heart of Darkness?
Which lines were modernized in Romeo and Juliet 1996?
What is the landscape of poetry?
What is the best book (series) ever written? And what is the most influential quote from it?
What are the best reviews of REU programs that people have ever written?
What's the place of science fiction as a genre in literature?
What was the environmental disaster that occurred in The Handmaid's Tale? What were the consequences?
What are some of the coolest mythological stories in your culture?
What kind of entertainment can be called "cultural" or "literate"?
Are there parallels between Donald Trump and Charles Foster Kane?
I have a university degree, English literature. I want to study psychology, how should I start?
What are the guesses for poems and stories this year in the ISC English literature 2017?
How has the Christian notion of a Day of Judgment been portrayed in literature and the arts over the centuries?
What's the meaning and significance of shoes in literature?
Is doing an undergraduate in English literature from Bilkent University a good idea if I am from Pakistan?
In which poem should I make a ppt ode to a Grecian urn or porpheriya's lover?
What are examples of a bird imagery in "Macbeth"?
What are the themes of 'A Fine Balance' by Rohinton Mistry?
What are some examples of direct characterization in literature?
Can you only fully appreciate classic literature in its original language?
What is the best CIE IGCSE English Literature book for a private candidate?
Is there any WhatsApp group for Masters in English literature?
What is the influence of drama in the progress of literature?
Should historical music, literature, etc. be rewritten to use language that is less offensive to the modern world?
Why did John Steinbeck change the title of The Grapes of Wrath?
What does the quote ''I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!” mean by William Shakespeare?
What was the first children's book ever written?
Are there any English poem that are very romantic?
What is review of literature?
What are some best tragic love story books ever written in English?
What is the summary of “dulce et decorum est”?
How do we critically analyse the poem “Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night”?
What poem will likely come up in the 2017 Edexcel GCSE English Conflict poetry Test?
Why isn't Dostoevsky mainstream like Dickens, Austen or Orwell?
How many sentences should I write for a 3 mark literature answer in ICSE?
Was the paper of English literature of 2017 easy?
Do you remember precisely the contents of a book you read years ago?
Who is called the father of old English prose?
What are the significant characteristics of literature?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from Nigeria?
Why did Orwell write Animal Farm, instead of just telling us what he thought about revolutions?
Which statement best summarizes the character of Miss Scatcherd in Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë?
Which one is older, French or English Literature?
What effect have the writings of Hemingway had on literature?
What do you think is the meaning behind the following poem?
What characterizes neoclassical poetry?
What is your most favorite poem, and what are some of its lines?
What is an omniscient narrator?
Which course in MBA is suitable for an English literature student?
Where can I find a large selection of US and international newspapers and magazines in San Francisco?
Does nobody think it wrong that Bob Dylan gets a Nobel Prize in Literature while James Joyce doesn’t?
How is Ruskin Bond’s vocabulary?
Which is the best English poem which can be related to Baba Ambedkar's life?
What are the different fields one can take after BA English literature?
How can I learn literature for academic purposes?
Can we opt literature courses after 3 yrs of BBA?
How can I find an Urdu literary society in the USA?
What is the purpose of realism in literature characteristics?
Would Ernest Hemingway use emojis?
What is the meaning of a Chinese teaching English literature?
Can true literature exist only where it is created by madmen, hermits, heretics, dreamers, rebels, and skeptics?
Why most of our language proficiency degrades?
How do I make a good poem?
I am a fashion graduate .can I do a PG in literature?
What is the darkest sci fi story you know of?
What are the thems and motifs of The Winter's Tale by William Shakespeare?
What is the value in a shirt with a shake and a spear through it that says Shakespeare?
Is a fountain head easy to read for beginners?
Can you help me with regard to theory, literature, or articles on “nudging” in an internal corporate setting?
What are the most underappreciated but great poems?
Why do Persians use Arabic for everything while saying it's a great culture in regards to literature, poetry, language, religion and history?
What are examples of self deception in literature?
What is the best song, poem or prose written about women?
What are some of your favorite pieces of Ray Bradbury's prose (quotes please - can be from any of his books or short stories)?
What are some literary sources of ancient history?
What did Dostoyevsky have planned for the sequel to The Brothers Karamazov?
In literary terms, what is a monologue?
Who are some famous writers who were relatively old when they started their literary career?
Would the Bible have been written differently after the first discoveries of Charles Darwin or after the theories of the creation of the universe?
What is your best "One Word" description of this image?
Whom will you nominate for International Rhyme Time poetry Challenge by Poignant Painter?
What is your review on Uttharakanda novel written by S L Bhairappa?
What are the mythological stories/popular stories where an honorable man kills another honorable man?
What is the the greatest quote ever written?
Is there a localized version of the Qur'an?
How do you call the act of rewriting a novel you've already published?
Who are the high-end literary types on Quora?
What's the best story by Oscar Wilde?
How long does it take to find a literary agent?
What is the difference between graduation in English Language and graduation in English Literature?
What are the best opening lines in literary history?
How exactly is literature thought provoking? Will you help me understand?
What are the different kinds of literature?
What are some of the biggest conspiracy theories in world history?
Is it true that Haruki Murakami isn't as popular in Japan as in the West because his works display critical thought?
What literary device is used for "The pen is mightier than the sword" and "A picture is worth a thousand words"?
What are the archeological and literary sources of medieval India?
How much do the top poets get for poetry readings?
What percentage takes an literary agent for a debut book?
Why is Pride and Prejudice written far more complex than Dorian Gray? (Grammar/vocab wise)
What is your favorite villainous team or organization?
What is the difference between a poem and a song?
Why has poetry today gone straight down the shitter?
What is the role of humor in literature?
Are classical writers such as Dickens and Shakespeare better than all writers today, and if so, why are writers becoming worse with time?
Is romance poetry the only poetry ever loved or valued? Do we have a platform for a non-romantic poetry?
Why do people find The Sound and The Fury difficult to read?
What are some ways to subtly suggest to the reader that the narrator is unreliable when writing a work of fiction?
What should I include in an essay to gain top marks (English literature)?
Which are the best haunted novels in Hindi literature or Hindi translation of English novels?
Why is Shakespeare considered great when he clearly plagarised contents from other authors?
What are the important questions in English literature (including play, short story, poem book) for the ISC 2017 exams?
What are examples of parallel structures in literature?
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
Why did Sir Philip Sidney defend poetry?
Is it Possible to Impart Medical and Health Education using Ancient literary Works?
What are the best comedy short stories by Anton Chekhov?
What is social commentary and how is it expressed through literature?
As I am a beginner in reading novel, so what classic novel should I read?
In literary terms, what is couplet?
Some people worship Ayn Rand, while others are totally against her books/philosophy. What should a young adult know about her book before starting it?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from China?
Why didn't Dostoyevsky and Chekhov write full names of places?
If one were to choose the better playwright of the English drama, would it be Shakespeare or his great successor Ben Jonson? ?Who would it be?
In "The Fall of The House of Usher" by Edgar Allan Poe, is the narrator going insane?
How did the French writers influence the English literature?
What is the Shakespearean sonnet that Ian McEwan refers to in his novel, Nutshell?
Which is the most beautiful concept of Physics you have ever read?
Is there any author close to the reputation of William Shakespeare in current generation?
What is your take on Maya Angelou's literature?
What are the literary devices used in the poem "The Word" by Pablo Neruda?
What is a monologue in literature?
After one earns an MA in English Literature from St. Xavier's, how are the placements done?
Is it bad to have unrealistic characters in fiction?
What are examples of octameters in poetry?
How can you instill a feeling of doom in a work of fiction?
What are the main points of Stefan Zweig's "The Royal Game"?
What does a pad mean in Hindi poetry?
What are the less known pieces of poetry that one must read?
What literature can you recommend on company strategy and HR?
Given that classes operate differently today, how is Great Expectations relevant to your life, and how is it not? Could you cite personal examples?
What is a stock character in a story?
Are there any literary fictional characters that are similar in personality and skill set to Jason Bourne?
What is the best line you've written?
What is the history of literature in the Philippines?
In Albert Camus' novel 'The Stranger', what effect does all the cross talk and noise have, during Marie's visit?
What are some quotes on why literature is important?
What are some examples of bad similes?
What are your favourite modern poems about war?
Does an English literature degree have as much content as a Biology degree?
Is it odd to do a thesis on French novel (translated in English) for a student of English literature?
What literary devices are used in "Sing Till Sundown" by Eileen Spinelli?
Which author do you like better, James Patterson or Albert Camus?
How do you find techniques in a poem when they aren't obvious?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers fiction writers that tells you about their writing style and how they contributed to the literature?
What are some good poetry techniques?
For how long should I read children literature before moving to a little heavy books?
What are the different types of sonnets?
What was Shakespeare's opinion of rape (e.g. of Lucrece)?
What are some characteristics of literary modernism?
Could this Charles Dickens line from Oliver Twist have inspired the creation of Mark Twain's "Tom Sawyer"?
What are some short stories in Chinese with different meaning if read aloud?
What book would you like to see in the Mumbai University literature syllabus?
Will Jorah's wife ever make an appearance, if not in the show atleast in the books?
What is the most plays ever written by one person?
What is the diffrence between men booker prize and men booker international prize?
What's the best novel you ever read of an Indian author?
Is Tybalt protective of Juliet?
What is the best strategy for questioning a poem like "I like to see it lap the miles”?
What is the best edition of Shakespeare's plays?
What are the "elements" in a literary work? What does the word "element" mean here?
Why should I read moby dick?
Is art/literature subjective or objective?
In my literature class, we were told a text could be anything. My text is a hammer. How would you interpret a hammer?
Which was the most disappointing Harry Potter book?
Is Dracula a corporeal being in Stoker's novel?
What is the personality of George in the book "Of Mice and Men"?
What is cultural studies in literature?
How do you find themes in literature?
How did Judaism influence and shape theme and style in the works of Franz Kafka?
What does one mean by "literary embellishments"?
What makes a good reader?
What are some good polysyndeton examples in literature?
What are examples of poems with rhetorical devices?
How does prose differs from other literary?
What are the elements of realism in literature, and what are some examples?
How do I teach 12 grade literature?
What are some ideas for my English assignment (a 500-700 word short story)?
If you had to write the best novel in history what would it be about?
In the Shakespeare play 'Macbeth', is Lady Macbeth the real driving force behind the murder of Duncan?
How should I structure my MA Literature thesis proposal?
What are the best lines written on religion?
Who according to you is the best English writer (In English literature)? How?
How can the youth contribute to building an interest in culture and literature?
Can anyone guide me about the centres that offer coaching for English literature as optionals?
What are the epic hero characteristics of Beowulf?
Why is there no manuscripts of any of Shakespeare's works written in his hand? Even in his will there were no hand written manuscripts?
What are some characteristics of poems with poetic devices?
Is it worth learning Russian to read Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace"?
Where can I find classic Hindi novels and poetries, in Pune.?
How did protest literature emerge?
About which all literary figures do students of English literature study?
What are your favorite novels written by the well-know America novelist D.M]?
What did Rudyard Kipling mean when he wrote "East is East and West is West and the two shall never meet until Judgement Day…"?
What can I do to share my poems?
Which is the best book ever written on determinism (i.e. lack of free will)?
What is free verse poetry? Also, what is an example of free verse poetry?
What's the darkest, strangest, most disturbing novel you've read (must be quality literature)?
What should I be reading?
Which books from Kannada literature are acclaimed on national and international level?
What is the theme of the poem obstacle?
Who is the best literary agent for a children's series?
What are the benefits of reading different English translations of the same book?
Can I become a good poet if I didn't study literature?
What are some examples of verbal irony in "Macbeth"?
Which authors have the most original styles?
What is an example of a persona poem?
How should I prepare for KVS and NVS exam in English literature?
When studying a civilization, which aspect would you study first (literature, art, philosophy, history) and why?
What is the in-between role of Gail Hightower in Light in August? What purpose does it serve in the growth of the novel?
What are some literary studies in jealousy?
Are there saved copies of the 300 or so novels Dumas has written?
What are some examples of third person points of view in literature?
What are some examples of characteristics found in Indian literature?
Who is your favorite spy novel author?
What does the "Mourning poem for the Queen of Sunday" by Robert Hayden represent?
What are the most important technical characteristics of the writings of Jane Austen?
How was the writing of To Kill a Mockingbird affected by the historical context?
Is there any other English translation for the Amharic novel Seed and other short stories (አምስት ስድስት ሰባት) / by Sebhat Gebre Egziabher?
How well does Romeo and Juliet fit a tragedy criteria?
What defines the writing style of famous English authors like Hemingway, Tolstoy, Chekhov, etc.?
What is the best time to read novel?
What is the genre of writing that references a writer or other literary works?
What are some scientific, historical, mathematical, or literary facts you learned today?
What is the importance of reading literature?
What is the best (or at least effective) way to make a teenager interested in reading books?
How do I get 5 in AP English literature?
What are the most beautiful two-liners that you have ever read?
Why were Russia's contributions to music and literature in the 1800s more impactful compared to its contemporary contributions?
Why do teenagers hate poetry?
What are some metaphors found in the poem "The Highwayman"?
What are the references for African literature?
Does Vince Gilligan deserve a literature Nobel prize for Breaking Bad?
How did Oscar Wilde handle his shift from fame to infamy?
What is the best freethinking or deistic book you have ever read?
What is the greatest Latin literature and poems?
What are some examples dialect in literature?
What are some similar books or authors to Run for Your Sweet Life, by Rex Benedict?
How do I find a descant on literary criticism essays on the Internet?
Why does the lawyer say that he despises freedom and wealth at the ending of 'The Bet' by Anton Chekov?
How talented is J.K. Rowling compared to classical literary masters, such as Mark Twain and Charles Dickens?
How would you use the concept of arpeggio in poetry?
What are some of the greatest examples of inspiring self-discipline in literature and biography?
Who wrote The Send-Off?
Can Mark Twain ace the AP literature exam?
What literary devices are used in the poem February by Ethelwyn Wetherald and what are they trying to convey?
What is it like to major in comparative literature at queens college?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): What are your theories on Benjen Stark?
Did Romeo and Juliet marry each other?
How is the theme alienation portrayed in The Trial by Franz Kafka?
What are the characteristics of modern Philippine literature?
What is modern Indian poetry? How is it different from poetry before? What are the changing trends with modernism in modern Indian poetry?
What are the characteristics of a novella?
Why do you read English literature?
There's an essay about the importance of giving clear directions since many disasters have occurred due to miscommunication. What's the essay called?
How would I calculate the odds that a really bad speller, in copying one classic piece of literature, would accidentally produce another?
Why is Shakespeare more famous than Bernard Shaw?
How are others effected by Tom Robinson in To Kill A Mockingbird?
What are some hints as to how to read a poem syntactically?
What chapters and poems are expected to come in ICSE English literature 2017?
How do I make money with my poetry/lyrics?
What is meant by identity crises in postcolonial literature, and how can I identify characters facing it?
What are examples of literary devices in "Sonnet 29"?
Why did Shakespeare include references to racial discrimination in his play "The Merchant of Venice"?
Was Gaston Godin also a pedophile?
What's the most romantic letter ever written?
In To kill a mockingbird, What race is Scout and Jem?
What is the analysis of the poem "One More Round" by Maya Angelou?
What is the Indian government doing to digitise old Sanskrit literature?
Why is it possible for Shakespeare's to still have an effect today?
What do I do if there are few articles and studies about a social problem in my chosen study area?
What are postcolonial literatures?
What are the best sources of the study of German literature in a simplified on the Internet?
What are all the probable prose and poetry pieces for Hindi ISC 2017?
Historically, why did poetry evolve to be written in verses?
How much you know about Rumi? And what do you think about his attitude towards life and universe?
What are some famous and/or well-written mind control/hypnosis novels/films?
What did Nietszche mean by "God is Dead"?
How many modern playwrights write in the poetic style of Shakespeare?
What is a recurring theme in Langston Hughes's poetry?
Why are stereotypes used in literature?
How do I write a literature review about housing price and social status indicator?
Is it okay to have two conflicting ideas in a short story?
What is the correct way of writing literature review?
What are the best books written on the Consumer Internet?
What are some examples of poems with poetic devices?
Why is there a need to make effort in writing related literature from foreign or international and local studies?
Do you think that we will ever know the truth about Edgar Allan Poe's death?
What are some of the literary devices used in Beyonce's song “Formation”?
What are examples of abstract in literature?
What are good topics on English literature for presentations?
Is there any instance of the same sentence occurring independently in two unrelated works of literature?
Why isn't Wildbow more popular?
How should you frame an answer to questions like why management after English honours and why not a master’s in English literature?
What is the setting of the poem of the poem "The Brook" by Alfred Tennyson?
How does Oscar Wilde enact his idea of performance in real life and in his writings?
Which is the good place to share poems and stories?
Why do so many classic novels focus on heavily flawed characters?
Is it good to pursue an MBA after a BA in English literature?
What motivated George Orwell to write 1984?
Why is it that the School of Open Learning of Delhi University notes are not available for the modern European drama of The Good Woman of Szechwan?
Will you share an original poem you have written? Don't forget the back story.
What is the difference between poetry & a sutra?
What are some good examples of formalism in literature?
How does Mark Twain use dramatic irony to create humor?
Which is the best ever blog you read & subscribed to?
What is the relationship between criticism and literature?
Who is the most endearing/lovable fictional character?
What can I study if I graduate in "Polish Language and Literature"?
What works of literary fiction also feature photography?
What are some examples of romanticism in Wuthering Heights?
Is a postcolonial reading of African-American literature appropriate?
Should there be a literary movement that tries to make storytelling about more than just meaningful conflict?
Which subjects can I study in BA along with English literature?
What are the most important features of a sonnet?
How is language perceived and comprehended?
Why does Lucentio speak in prose?
When translating scientific articles, should literature references be translated also?
What is the genre of literature that has a dialogue between one’s conscious and subconscious mind?
Will people judge me if I read Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov?
Is it appropriate to attribute someone as the 'father of English literature' (more specifically, specific genres like prose, fiction, poetry, etc.)?
Is there a book that talks about the general process a religion is created?
What are some literary conventions for online game guides?
What is the theme of pippa's song poem by Robert browning?
After doing NET PhD in English literature in India would I get job?
How can you describe the concept of African literature?
What are some examples of parables in literature?
Is an English literature and language degree a prerequisite to working for a book publisher?
How can I excel in English Literature?
What is the best literature concerning the devil?
How do you be a content writer without any background in literature?
Are there any references to elephants and camels in Vedic literature?
How can I read Hindi literature for the CBSE board in a week?
What are some good examples of children in To Kill a Mockingbird practicing equality?
How faithful is the 1978 film of Macbeth with Ian McKellen to Shakespeare's original script?
What is a good example of a poem about sportsmanship?
What is the right word for "true story finance literature"?
What are the best cute short goodnight poems?
Why do people like Edgar Allen Poe's creepy poems?
How is the book "The Age of Wrath" by Abraham Eraly?
What is the criteria for entry into a literary canon?
Is it true of great literary characters that they are loved by readers not despite their failings, but because of them?
What are some best tragic love story books written in English?
What are some tips for improving in English language and literature for the IB HL Paper 1?
Have other authors mirrored Franz Kafka's diary entry, "I have nothing to say to anyone"? Did they overcome such self-knowledge and create art anyway?
What is the most emotional short stories in English?
What are literary terms?
Can you give an example of how Gatsby from The Great Gatsby learns from past mistakes?
How did literature change during and after the Renaissance?
What is foregrounding? What are the devices used to foreground in poetry?
How has ancient mythology influenced literature today?
How do I start to write about children’s literature?
Do people publish books with poems, quotes and short stories combined?
What are the requirements for joining PAF or the sister defense forces (with reference to a woman holding a master’s degree in English literature)?
How can the literature of the 1980s be described?
Who do you find to be a better writer and why, Ernest Hemingway or William Faulkner?
What is the role of the antagonist in literature?
Are there some great writers who only started writing late in life?
Are there any journals or literary publications in India for students of English Literature?
What did Adam mean when he said "Timshel" on the last page of East of Eden?
How do I get a literary agent for children's books?
Where have I heard the line "I hope, I fail, I die"?
“A little less caged, a little more tamed/A little less tamed, a little more caged” - explain these two scenarios using an example from day-to-day life?
If such a place were to exist, would you attend and spend your life at Hesse's "Waldzell"?
I want to read poetry but I can't grasp it. How can I stop being so unintelligent?
Why is PricewaterhouseCooper abbreviated as PwC? Why is the "w" written in lowercase?
How does Shakespeare describe women in the Merchant of Venice?
Why could I have a good understanding of emotions of the figures in literature while cannot read precisely what my friends genuinely think in reality?
Why did Arthur Miller include the character of Hopkins in The Crucible?
What are some parables/fables or even Classical novels that go along the lines of "better to die standing than life on your knees"?
What quotes does Shakespeare use to show that Lady Macbeth is a powerful woman?
What are the characteristics of medieval literature?
What would happen if you combined the stories of Huckleberry Finn, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and A Christmas Carol?
Should names be translated too, instead of transliterated?
What are the best lines from 'The Zahir' by Paulo coehlo?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
Who is “Average Joe” in the poem “Short-Order Cook” by Jim Daniels?
I love discovering relatively unknown poetry. What is your favorite poem?
How accurate is Stalin´s book The Road to Power?
How has psychological research and literature helped us to understand the importance of the prenatal stage of development?
In what year did Maya Angelo write the 1993 inaugural poem?
What are some reasons why oxymoron is used in literature?
Would you be interested in seeing a published/condensed/edited form of In The Realms of the Unreal one day?
What are some of the most important pieces of Pre-Spanish literature?
What literature is there about complexes of sons not meeting their father's achievement and status expectations and falling into lower social classes?
Do we give meaning to songs, poems and even speeches?
What does "you can do anything with bayonets but sit on them" mean?
How easy was it for African Americans to publish literature during the 19th century?
Why does Jain literature form a major part of Halegannada literature?
What is a good example of a climax in literature?
Can you do a master's in Comparative Literature without knowing another language?
What is the shortest poem in English?
Which other psychologists/philosophers would I enjoy reading if I like books by Erich Fromm?
What are some of the best Greek Literature and poems?
Which is the best modern English translation of Shakespeare's works?
Do you agree with critics who argue that Shakespeare was "bored" when writing "Cymbeline" and that the themes within the play are a spoof of his craft?
Will there ever be a wheel of time movie?
Do you think there is a possibility that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World dystopic futuristic world may become real (technology / moral topics)?
What was unique about William Faulkner and his writing?
How did the knowledge from antiquity (literature and science) survive to reach the modern age?
What is your favorite poem about adoption?
What are some examples of soliloquy in Macbeth?
What books should i read if I want to be well read?
When and how did free verse poetry originate?
What are the different themes found in literature?
Does reading really help change us in a big way?
Is math or literature more beneficial in life?
Why did Romeo return to Verona when Juliet died?
How has feminism affected literature and the interpretation of literary works of old?
What are some examples of profound modern poetry?
What is a full description of Robinson Crusoe?
What are some examples of limericks poems?
Who do you think is the best Stone's player in the Wheel of Time?
What are some examples of alliteration poems?
In general, what are your thoughts on the book To Kill A Mockingbird? Did you enjoy it? Why, or why not?
What are the best novels or short stories collections from contemporary writers from India?
How is it possible to do a Marxist reading of Moby Dick?
What does this quote mean by Matthew Arnold, "Journalism is literature in a hurry"?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
What are some of the books that changed your perspective the most?
What is the difference between theoretical Framework and Review of Related Literature?
Who is going to attend the Dehradun literature festival?
Is there any good authors that write teen romance books?
What is the best idris Shah book?
What exactly do you study in literature (eng hons.)?
What is your personal reaction or response to "The Grand Inquisitor," a chapter from Dostoyevsky's "The Brothers Karamazov"?
What is romanticism architectural style?
What was William Shakespeare best known for?
Did sathyaendra written any books?
What are some Kenning examples used in modern day literature?
Do authors read books?
What was the conclusion of the short story Lost Jewels by Rabindranath Tagore
What is meant by Romanticism?
Discuss the underpinning of Marxist literary theory?
Why is Valmiki considered the he harbinger-poet in Sanskrit literature?
Why does Gregor die in the book "the Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka?
Is the river Saraswati in Vedantic literature a Metaphor for Narmada? Or could it be Brahmaputra? Did such a river exist Historically?
How can I download a PDF copy of “The Making of a Poem: Norton Anthology of Poetic Forms”?
Why is Henry Louis Vivian Derozio referred to as the "father of Indian poetry"?
What is the importance of a stanza in literature?
What is proletarian literature?
What are some of the characteristics found in restoration literature?
Is there any difference between the various trends of postmodern literature and the characteristics of postmodern literature?
What are some great classical novels that teach Non-Violence?
How does archetypal criticism approach literary text?
How good is a university in Portugal in the humanities area, like philosophy and literature?
Do literary agents expect writers to include a marketing plan in their query?
What are recent trends in Kannada literature?
How should I frame an adept literature answer?
What extracts (predicted papers) will be asked in the English literature paper on 15th March?
How does Joan of Arc’s story translate to the modern world?
Is there any website where I can get all of the necessary material for NET exam in English Literature?
What is your favourite epic poem and why?
Where can I buy the Matter of Britain, the Matter of Rome, and the matter of France stories?
What were the highlights of Jaipur Literature Festival 2017?
Why are the first 126 Shakespearean Sonnets considered to be addressed to a boy?
Why are Levantine Arabs hostile against Maghreb literature?
I've written this article from leadership and influence points of view. What do you think?
What is the best book on maths literature?
Why is The Catcher in the Rye considered a great book?
Is it worth getting a Master’s in English literature from the UK?
In The Merchant of Venice, Bassanio proves that he loves Portia by choosing the right casket, but later on in the trial scene he says that he can give Portia to the Jew for the sake of Antonio, so did he really love Portia?
What are the differences between ancient Roman and Grecian literature?
What will happen to the little prince in the end?
In The Prophet, what does "What of the ox who loves his yoke and deems the elk and deer of the forest stray and vagrant things?" mean?
What makes good poetry?
Are there any more writers like Lope de Vega who were both great and highly prolific writers?
I enjoy poetry by Wallace Stevens and Edwin Arlington Robinson. Do you have further recommendations (including modern poetry)?
What does hook mean in literature?
Can you explain the poem The Rain by Kamala Das?
Do you know any poem written by famous poets with the theme of unrequited love?
Why don't Arabic Muslims respect English poetry when it was written by an English Muslim poet?
What is a poem where the beauty of a lady is described?
What are some examples of literary hooks?
Why did Ezra Pound's early poems so markedly differ from The Cantos? How did his hospitalization figure into his stylistic shift?
What is the most read book by Philip Kerr?
How can I send my poetry book for earning name and fame?
Why do books have different editions?
What do you consider a good book?
What are some gory poetry prompts?
What are some good Non linear narrative short stories?
What is a good example of a theme in a story?
What are the Cambridge University's English literature exams?
What is Shakespeare's purpose with Lord Capulet in Romeo and Juliet?
What actually is Honors in English literature?
The American dream changes the lives of the characters in the novel “Of Mice and Men” into tragedy. How and why?
Is it bad to have read erotic novels at the age of thirteen-fourteen?
What are some legit poetry contests in the US?
What are the three largest craters on Oberon? How did they form?
Can someone help me write a satire on overcrowded school hallways?
What marks can I expect to score in the ISC English literature examination if I don't quote text from the book, but I know the entire summary and story of the play?
What are some of the suggessions of research topic for my English Literature Ph.D?
Am I the only one who has read this Stephen King short story?
What are some of the famous English literary journals in India?
Who are your favorite writers and why?
Why do Arabic songs/poem use masculine form when referring to a woman?
How can I best structure an essay relating to the role of women in Shakespeare's Hamlet, using Ophelia and Gertrude as prime examples, of course?
For someone who is new in poetry, he should focus on the work of one poet or is fine to read whatever he likes?
Do you or do you not agree with the saying, 'Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori?' Why?
What does the poem "Penelope" by Dorothy Parker symbolize?
Does anyone want to buy some novels?
How do you get through a book in one day?
What is a good short story about meeting someone new or discovering a new culture?
What is a literary agent?
What are some cautionary tales and warning tales about lust except for Dorian Gray?
What is the best book in Hindi for poems?
What are some example of syllepsis in literature?
What are the literary devices in the umbrella of guy de maupassant?
Are things like Dr. Seuss and Peewee Herman a big deal just in the US, or were they popular elsewhere?
How would you revise this poem?
What are some characteristics of the different moods in literature?
How do I translate Scottish poems in English?
Is there any guidance available for English literature as optional for CSE?
What are the best poems for class 4 children?
Where can you find the primary literature of elementary physics?
Did William Shakespeare get an award?
What are the funniest dragons in literature?
What are the characteristics of the structure of a poem?
Should you have read the Shakespeare play before you see it?
Who writes plays?
What demarcates philosophical literature from other kinds of literature?
Who is the actual writer of the poem in Dracula?
What are the differences between Indian literature and American literature?
If Vader and Luke's light sabers had the same core would they only be able to wound one another and not kill each other?
What is Charles Dickens' secret to selling 300 million novels?
Which is the best comedy novel written by an Indian author in English?
How is periphrasis used as a literary term?
Which is the best book written on the great mythological character "Karna"?
In 1984 by George Orwell, how is part 2 chapter 10 an emphasis on an awakening of a kind for Winston?
Where can I buy BBC literature companion class 10 please help?
What is some fiction/literature that appeals to those prone to schadenfreude?
What English literary techniques are used in the quote "What is essential is invisible to the eye"?
If you were to pick a food to symbolize Nick Carraway from The Great Gatsby, what would it be?
If I wanted an introduction to Rumi's poetry, what books or era of works would you suggest?
How are the 5 different genres of literature explained?
What are some interesting short stories on memory illness?
How do you get into the University of Manchester’s English literature and creative writing BA program? Also, what are the SAT and IELTS requirements?
What are the best MOOC's for English Literature?
How can I improve my poetry?
Is there a sangam poem for Pongal?
What are the most amazing and special books you have ever read?
Is reading Romeo and Juliet better than Sherlock Homes?
Which unpopular works by Shakespeare do you believe deserve more acclaim and why?
Have we identified if our solar system is moving? If not, is it possible to do so?
Is Goethe considered a German "Shakespeare"?
What are some famous or well-acclaimed books written in second person?
What are the famous works of literature from various Kannada empires?
Can you compose a short humorous poem right now from nothing?
What are the settings found in "The Scarlet Letter"?
What was a moment in a book that after reading it, changed your opinion on the book?
Who is the poor poet of Tennessee mentioned in Moby Dick?
Who are some of your favorite 8-12 children authors?
What were the contributions of Rashtrakuta period towards Marathi/Prakrit Literature?
Did JD Salinger make catcher in the rye based on his own life?
What's the best alternate ending for Romeo and Juliet?
Why does Westworld have so many literary references?
What are the best works by Bedrich Smetana?
Why is Shakespeare referred to as a bid?
How does Quora make you feel?
Who loves writing poetry?
Which is the best declaration of love in literature, according to you?
How do I analyse a poem?
What are the most most common, fundamental, and frequently used literary plot inconsistencies and improbable facts that we accept?
Where can I find a collection of Sappho's poetry in the original Greek online?
What are the best and authentic educational websites to prepare English Literature Notes?
Should writers of literary works of fiction be required to undergo a credentialing procedure analogous to that of physicists and physicians?
What is the best collage in Tamilnadu for MA literature?
What is some of the best music or poetry inspired by science?
What are some examples of farce in literature?
What are the best ways to lose my money?
Who is your favorite American children's author?
How can I find a perfect novel on adaptation, among the thousands of novels in the world?
What are formal/literary terms to describe the "use of false insults"? I'm assuming it's a fallacy, but I'm unsure.
What are some best spooky short stories?
Can anybody give me examples of metonymy from English poems written by Filipino poets and kindly explain?
What is the dominant philosophy in classic fiction?
What books do I study for the GRE Subject Test in English Literature?
What are some overlooked pieces of classical literature?
What are some literary allusions to Kierkegaard in the works of John Updike?
What does the word loom refer to in the poem Invictus, by William Ernst Henley?
What are some poets with some of the most abstract poetry?
Has Batman ever given up, felt down or depressed?
What are the books to read for CBSE NET English literature?
Who is like William Shakespeare?
What are some hard roasts to say during debates?
What are the best books written by young writers (before 25 years)?
What is a refrain in poetry?
What can you do "now" that will make you feel happy?
What is the importance of signs and symbols in literature?
What is GGBS and where can I find literature about it?
Are there any allusions to the biblical story of "the prodigal son" in literature? Is this story echoed in Goethe, Faulkner, or Marlowe?
Did you ever deliver a silly old joke and get a shocking response?
What is the philosophical meaning behind Diomira in Invisible Cities by Italo Calvino?
Is it okay to say that the Bible is your favourite fiction book?
Where can you find good libraries in the world of English literature?
How can we model a poem in terms of formal science?
What are the job options if one has a bachelor’s degree in English Literature?
How can a theme be treated in literature?
Why isn’t much great literature produced by university literature departments?
How can read famous works of Indian literature online?
Is The Great Gatsby the best American novel of the 20th century?
Why do people consider Shakespeare better than Marlowe?
What are some examples of motivation in literature?
What do you think of "The Road"?
What is your favourite book and what book do you think you should recommend to 12 - 13 year olds?
What are the best WWII poems you have ever read?
What is best time to read a book?
What literary works can I use in my EFL classroom to instill love to reading in my adult students?
What are some examples of anachronism in literature?
What other movies cleverly blend history with literature like Shakespeare in Love?
What is the best advertorial you've ever read? Why?
What are some good examples of personification poems about summer?
I don't like reading PDFs but since books are costly, how can I develop my interest for reading PDF books?
What should I speak, as a literary secretary of a school?
How does literature shape all other disciplines?
In the poem "Ode on a Grecian", what actions are frozen in time on the vase?
What does "theme" in poetry mean?
My country does not have English as its 1st language. What jobs can I get abroad other than teaching and research? I'm an English literature student.
What are some examples of repetition in literature?
Where can I find contemporary short stories?
Which authors are similar to Charles Bukowski?
Can poetry be used to propagate Islam?
What is the best vignette you've ever read?
How does cultural diversity impact literature?
What are examples of character secrets in literature?
What are examples of common elements of satire?
Is every Shakespeare play written in iambic pentameter?
Who is your favourite obscure author?
When do the apparitions appear in "Macbeth"? What are their significance?
How does literature help us explore alternate lives and worlds?
How should I structure an essay to gain top marks for English literature?
Has anyone read the book 'The Blue Umbrella' by Ruskin Bond?
Is The Brothers Karamazov the greatest novel?
How would you rewrite Romeo and Juliet?
Is David Foster Wallace's craft overrated and pretentious?
What is Mayadhar Mansingh's greatest work?
Why do people write literature?
What was your last self written poem?
What are modernism and post-modernism in literature?
Who is the best playwright except Shakespeare?
What is the oldest indian text/literature?
I'm ashamed to write that though I've studied at University, I have never read a Shakespeare play. Where do I start?
What is Iago's job?
What compels someone to major in literature?
Is it true that dancing is more popular among extroverts and writing is a more popular art among introverts?
What is an example of comic relief in Act 2, Scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
How do I find the English lang. & lit. SL paper 1 from May 2016?
What are some great aboriginal poem authors?
What are the stories of people returning home from the Trojan war?
Which is the best order to read Zigmunt Bauman's books? I'm concerned with the logical and to do not repeat concepts, and not the cronological order.
Where can I find Mizuno Genzo's poem collection in English?
How can I learn my lines for Rosalind in Shakespeare's as you like it?
Have English Studies/English Literature been deleted from the list of subjects eligible for Fulbright Doctoral Fellowships?
What do you think of George Orwell?
What are the literary devices used in "Sonnet 77" by Shakespeare?
What are some tautology examples found in literature?
What great/classic writers other than Shakespeare and Dickens are still relevant and enjoyable for mainstream modern readers?
Is it necessary for those who are doing an English Honours degree to fall in love with books?
What is the message behind the poem "Let America be America again"?
Why does Germany have such a rich culture of music, literature and art?
What are the critical approaches in reading literature?
Which is the longest/lengthiest book review ever written?
What are some really good poems about the sea such as Annabel Lee (my favourite poem ever)?
Are there any similar arguments in the book "Pride and Prejudice" and the movie "Guess who's Coming to Dinner"?
How can I become better than William Shakespeare and Premchand?
What are some of the best topics on which to do a literary review on marketing and advertising?
What's on your mind about human's final years?
Are there any "Red Dawn scenario" books from Warsaw Pact perspetive?
Do Hans Christian Andersen's tales qualify as 'picture books'?
Does Delhi University organise literature fellowship?
How can economic growth be made sustainable?
Should I write a small chapbook of my poetry about abuse?
How is the poem ‘The Professor’ by Nissim Ezekiel a satire on Indian society?
What are the 3 different types of irony used for in literature?
What are literary hooks?
What are the best scholarships to go for in literature after a bachelor’s in English literature?
What are the good books for literary and historical criticism of Quran?
Why is the south African newspaper city press listed/associated under media24 on the internet?
How do I know in which language a book was originally written?
How will I get ISC 2004 English literature paper?
Which is the most interesting Shakespeare play?
If the topics and subjects of Ayn Rand and George Orwell have some similarities, why do scholars dislike and criticize so hard Ayn Rand?
Does the ICSE 10th board ask for the writer's name in English literature?
Do we see Aunt Alexandra in a new light? How does Miss Maudie support her?
Do you think Dante was justified in putting Achilles into the circle of Hell which contained lust?
What is the meaning of the poem Freedom by Rabindranath Tagore?
Is it okay to recite a poem written by someone else at a funeral?
What are some well written poems about the end of times?
What are a few good websites for reading poetry?
What are some tricks to make a short story told in the second person work?
How did writers such as Jane Austen and other 18th century writers make a living?
Is Tim Weiner, who wrote Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA, a credible source? It is suppose to be based upon hundred of thousands of documents.
Who wrote the poem 'Harsh Advice'?
What is the time frame from Orwells "1984". If it was started 9 days ago?
What are examples of literary devices used in "Ozymandias"?
What inspired the poem "The Rhodora" by Ralph Waldo Emerson?
What are the themes of the short story Goodbye Africa?
Is it possible to complete English literature and novel of class 12th in 2 days?
What is the theme in the short story "Going to Meet the Man"?
How does the poem "The Bangle Sellers" by Sarojini Naidu celebrate womanhood?
From where should I start in learning English literature? Can you recommend which works should I start first?
Did Rabindranath Tagore understand the complete essence of physics and mathematics?
Can you explain Gitanjali 18 verse by Rabindranath Tagore?
What is the poem in Black Hawk Down about?
With the context of Latin American literature, do other European cultures have their own Magic realism tradition?
What type of poem is 'Then and Now' by Kath Walker?
What is the actual procedure to analyse a literary poem?
Tennyson's poem 'Lady of Shalott' has two versions? Why do the endings differ?
Which Shakespeare play do you consider the best and why?
What is the formalist approach to the study of literature?
What are narrative methods in literature?
What are the best literature to read at 21?
Which are the best books on the history of Indian in English literature?
What are some novels written in both first and third person?
Is there any website for African literature reviews?
Is Sartrean existentialism a good topic for an English literature project?
What are some allusions in Great expectations?
What is the purpose of emotional appeal in literature?
How were the texts of the Iliad and Odyssey so well maintained over such a long time?
Do you like Haruki Murakami's work? Why if you do, or do not?
What are some examples of comic foils in literature?
What are some literary examples of villains who are also protagonists?
What has been the most touching moment in literature?
Can you share some of your poetry?
What is the best book written on "Time Management"?
Do Muslims appreciate poetry?
In To Kill a Mockingbird, why did Atticus believe it is normal for kids to be unable to resist killing birds, which today is considered a sign of sickness?
What is the hardest obstacle modern day authors have?
What are the best books about the qualitative and literary side of probability?
What is malapropism in literature?
What are the jobs that one can do by studying English literature?
I’m confused about what university course to take. Should I take A Levels?
What is the most helpful book that you have ever read?
What is the book called ‘S. Mark’, which was used in a time like 1890?
What is the best reason the author refers to King Arthur in the passage? Which sentence from the passage is an example of an allusion?
Who are the best indie writers in literary fiction?
Can somebody give me some literature on substation equipment?
Is George Orwell's Animal Farm suitable for children?
Is the house known as "Shakespeare's birthplace" in Stratford-upon-Avon a Victorian remake of the original?
What are the best works of Tamil writer S.Ramakrishnan?
What is the difference between literary theory and literary criticism?
Can you tell me the important questions of classical literature 2 in the English literature course of Delhi University?
Who wrote the poem "Koshish Karne Walo Ki Kabhi Haar Nahi Hoti"?
How is children's literature related to literacy as a social practice?
Is it possible that God killed himself in the Big Bang and all that remained was matter and energy?
Which one should I pursue, English Literature or Visual Arts?
How can you describe the 3 types of irony?
What should I choose English literature or political science as my optional?
What happened at the last in the Chandrakanta novel?
Which is the most effective form to read for learning vocabulary, fiction, nonfiction, or the news?
What is your favorite play written by Ibsen?
How do I get a job as a literary critic?
For school we have to do a modern re-adaptation of Joseph Heller's Catch-22, what are some cool ideas?
What made you to pursue a career in literature?
What are the great questions asked by literature, or specifically by great poetry?
What are the best reads for Hindi sahithya and poetry?
What do you mean by passages?
What is apposition in literature?
What are examples of banned short stories?
Who is a better writer? Richard Dawkins or Charles Dickens?
What are the masterpieces in English poetry?
What great books have you read that aren’t best sellers or classics, but that you consider to be hidden gems?
Is there a book about the various kind of innovation that happened in the English literature?
Which part of the eye is known as the window of the world?
Are there any good articles about the popularity of books that one can use as references in a formal speech?
Frankenstein recovers in the spring. Why is this relevant?
Would "The City in the Sea" by Edgar Allan Poe be classified as a ballad, narrative, lyric, elegy, or free verse poem?
Are there any poems about a lake?
Which words were made famous, or originated in, literary pieces (especially famous ones)?
What are some examples of character foils in literature?
How are Shakespeare's plays traditionally classified?
Which are some romantic Albanian poet?
What does alliteration do in a poem?
What literary device can be seen in the following passage?
What's a PhD in literature and philosophy?
Can you suggest some good poems can be used in writing?
What is the most mind-blowing business book you have ever read?
What are the various theories on The Brave Companions/The Bloody Mummers in ASOIAF?
What is an example of caricature in literature?
Why is classic literature relevant today?
What are the best written books of Dale Carnegie?
Is there a way to transition from 3rd to 1st person?
What are famous books written by Periyar?
How do plot structures in modern literature differ from those in classic literature?
How can I write an acrostic poem about school?
Were legendary writers such as Shakespeare, Hemingway, Dickens etc just naturally talented?
How can MAT be used to present poems to a publisher?
Why did Animal Farm by George Orwell never got any true recognition/value in today’s society?
If you love the English language and literature, should you go for a PhD in Literature or would a PhD in Linguistics be better (already have a Master’s in English)?
Which is a better book, "A Game of Thrones" or "To kill a Mockingbird"?
What kinds of jobs can someone who has completed a B.A. in literature expect?
What is an example of atmosphere in literary terms?
What are some short stories on new year?
Has everything been written? Is today's era the most difficult one for creative thinkers and artists?
Is Indian literature in its worst times?
Why should I study Core English Literature?
How can I be like Gatsby?
What could be a short poem on family (4–5 stanzas; in English)?
What would you do after doing an MA in literature in order to become a translator?
What is the difference between studying English literature at a prestigious university like DU, JNU, or HCU, and a local college?
How can I appreciate Shakespeare more?
What are the characteristics of the different forms of literature?
How do I choose a a research topic before I've read literature/found data?
What are the important literary terms and movements in English literature to prepare for UGC NET and SET/SLET?
Besides Huei Tlamahuiçoltica, are there any other major literary works in Classical Nahuatl?
What is the best poetry I can send to a girl that I like?
What is the detailed summary of the poem “Jaydrath Vadh,” written by Maithli Saran Gupta?
What textbooks are used by English majors (English literature) in American or British universities?
Can English literature student become a journalist after the completion of his degree from literature?
Which subject has more scopes and early jobs, Geography or English literature?
What personality traits do you like best in story protagonists and why?
How do I sell my Islamic-themed poetry to Muslims or anyone else?
Do you know of any "major" skunk characters in fairy tales?
What is better, engineering or literature?
Are there any awards out there for translated novels that the author can apply for on his own?
I'm 15 and want to read "The Trial" by Franz Kafka. How shoud I go about it?
Did Ravindrababu Ravula read popular literature such as War and Peace?
What are the key elements that makes a book surrealist?
What is the meaning of 'Porphyria' in Robert Browning's poem Porphyia's Lover?
What was the fate of Canada in 1898? Why was there a development of patriotic literature at that time?
How old or young is Indian literature?
What are some powerful novels which explores anti-heroes and push the boundaries of morality?
What are the best sites to recap the points that you read in a novel?
Did ancient Egypt contribute to literature?
What's the funniest quote/line from literature?
How extensive are the chansons de geste?
What was Jean de la Fontaine’s impact on French literature?
What are some short stories that are similar to "Death of the Moth" by Virginia Woolf?
How can we compare Plato's Republic with George Orwell's Animal Farm?
What are the most known literature masterpieces?
What is the difference between literary decadence, aestheticism, and symbolism?
What is usually lost in the translation of Yukio Mishima works?
What are the possible chapters for the ISC 2018 English paper 2?
What is the meaning of "one is one and all alone"?
How can I learn literary criticism?
What are the benefits of two literature courses (English literature and Hindi literature) in 12th class?
What are the characteristics of the four types of external conflict?
(Spoilers welcome) Who are some narcissistic characters in literary fiction? Specifically cite detailed examples and titles of books.
What is socio-historical approach in literature?
What fiction books are best for an 11-year-old boy who loves encyclopaedias, maths, and science?
What should I do with the English poems and songs that I had written?
Why do few Indian authors make it to the international level of literature?
Does anyone today have the last name Frankenstein?
What is the best book ever written in Odia language?
What is the summary of the poem "The Tease" by Lilian Holmes?
What role do allusions play in Shakespeare's plays?
What story by Edgar Allan Poe would you recommend someone to read the first?
What does homely outward appearance have to do with "weekly installments on an enlarged crayon portrait of herself." in The Sleuths by O. Henry?
What are some of the most beautiful poems about the spring season?
What literature on aluminum-air batteries is worth reading?
What are the career options after doing Masters in English literature?
A Song of Ice and Fire (book series): Can the Children of the Forest be trusted?
What type of poem is 'Green Mountain' by Lin Po?
Why do authors use mythology in literature?
What type of literature is speed reading good for and what type of literature is it not good for?
How can I score great and excellent marks in the masters in English of Delhi university?
In Song of the Rain, by Kahlil Gibran, what are the values he places emphasis on, or highlights in the poem?
If you could have written one song, which one would it be?
How can ''a bird is not free'' interpreted?
If Shakespeare had not written his plays, in which ways would the world be different?
What is a good love poem for valentine?
Did women of the past faint as much as period literature would suggest?
Does the novel "Ulysses" have any plot holes?
What is a poem/short story/article etc. from an English/American writer that deals with the human relationship with nature?
What are your favourite English love poems?
Why is it called button poetry?
Which is the best copy/publication that I should buy for an extensive study of "The complete works of William Shakespeare"?
How has the gothic literature genre changed through time?
How does Marxist literary criticism relate to Shirley Jackson's "The Lottery"?
What are some of your favourite pieces of German literature and why?
What is a common theme in 1984 related to Shakespeare's King Lear or Macbeth?
What are some characteristics of the tragedy genre in literature?
In your opinion, what is the most beautiful sentence ever written?
Who were James Joyce's biggest influences?
Do you read what you have written again and again to remind them?
What is the best PhD program for English Literature in Canada?
What is done in advertising? Is a degree in English literature enough or does one need to do an MBA?
Which Indian political scenario/incidences you can relate with George Orwell’s famous novel ‘Animal Farm’?
What are some examples of convention in poetry?
Is literature class biased? If it is a reflection of social reality, how can it be above class interest?
What were Queen Mab's 8 dreams from Romeo and Juliet?
How do I write a literature survey about cybersecurity injection attacks?
How can I be a fast reader? Even if I read more books, I am doubtful if I can read faster.
Who do you think is the most unsung literary genius in the history of mankind?
How does a writer become the greatest writer there is?
Has literature ever taught you a life lesson?
Which is easier; IB Language and Literature SL or IB Literature SL?
What are the most useful Computer Assisted Translation (CAT) applications for literary translation?
How good is literature course in IGNOU?
Are there any iconic works of literary criticism in the last thirty years?
What is an example of "enhanced literature”?
What was the best piece of poetry you ever wrote?
How do I write my literature review of a thesis?
I've seen Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' read the original script, and the script of Hamlet. Which Shakespeare play should I read next?
50 years of marriage. Can you share some of your letters or poems?
Why does Sanjay Leela Bhansali take plots from literature?
What are the top five books by African authors one must read?
Who are the best contemporary Maithili writers?
Why do black people consider Uncle Tom's Cabin to be offensive?
What is meant by "disease" in "Zeno's Conscience"?
What is relation between literature and literacy?
What are benefits of memorising poetry?
What are the six elements of tragedy?
Is the Bible worth reading from a non religious stand point, but more for the value in the literature?
How should I go about choosing a pen name?
What role does illusion play in literature?
Is there a good book that covers the best short stories on political intrigues?
Who is the author of the Marathi novel, Pavna Kathcha Dhondi?
What are some examples of qualities that make literature good?
Which is the best reference guide for the history of English literature?
Is literature a difficult subject?
What piece of literature or poetry altered your view on the world?
What, in one to two sentences if possible, is Shakespeare’s Sonnet 94 about?
What was the moral of the story in "The Great Gatsby"?
How do tone and mood differ in literature?
What are the steps to find the theme of a story?
What are some tales, fables or novels where craftsmanship or tradesmanship is praised?
Any comments on The Galloping Ghosts ?
Why would Dante place Jason in so deep in Hell if he respects classical literature?
What are some examples of literary devices?
What are the similarities between drama, prose, and poetry?
What is the significance of Banquet scene in Macbeth?
Why did Frost entitle the poem "The Road Not Taken" as such? I’m thinking of the skill I chose.
Which books have you read more than 2 times?
What qualities does classic literature share with other genres?
What is the best book you have read this year?
What is the best and the fastest way to learn about the details of different authors of literature?
What are best short literary pieces written?
Does the book "War and Peace" by L. Tolstoy handle the topic of 'Oppressive' forces or relationships?
Who are the best writers of vignettes?
What does the shadow symbolize in "The Scarlet Letter" by Nathaniel Hawthorne?
Are there currently any poetry anthologies that don't need any submission fee nor require buying dozens of copies of the book?
What subtitle would you give to a club called ‘Toska’ in your language?
What are some of the best graphic novels to read for newcomers?
Which of the Kohlberg stages do the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird belong in?
What does it take to be awarded a Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is motivation in literature?
What are some good examples of Chinese contemporary urban fiction?
How can I write my own book?
How do I study literature abroad with an engineering degree from India?
What if Richard III (from Shakespeare's play) read The Prince by Nicollo Machiavelli at the beginning of the play? Would he have acted differently?
Which author impresses you: Leo Tolstoy or Fyodor Dostoyvsky?
What song can you compare the poem "Last Night" by Sharon Olds with?
What are examples of rising action in literature?
What's your opinion of Telugu literature as civils optional?
What are some tips on how to read a book in an efficient way?
What inspired The Phantom of the Opera?
What are some allusions in Wayne and Shuster's "Rinse the Blood Off My Toga"?
Who was the author of the poem about a duck asking "got any grapes"?
What respected piece of literature do you think is bad or undeserving of recognition?
What does Shayak Chakraborty think about pursuing an LLB at 25 years of age, given that the candidate is a post-graduate in English literature?
I read a Tamil novel that is a romantic story of two characters named Shakthi Vasni and Sebi Raj. What is the name of the novel and the writer?
What is non-narrative poetry composed of?
How and when should I read a book of poems?
How can I score good marks without reading the novel for my English literature exam?
What are the different forms of literature?
What do the slaves do in the book "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society"?
What is the best translation of the Iliad for a first-time reader?
"The human face is, after all, nothing more nor less than a mask". What does this quote mean?
What are some of William Wordsworth's poems and what is an explanation of each?
Which rhetorical device do you find most appealing in literature?
How does Chaucer use satire in some of his poems?
What is the main theme and problem in "the Metamorphosis"? Is it family related or is it life and death related?
Why is biographical criticism important outside of literature?
What is authoritative literature?
Is the recent revival of interest in books like "The Handmaid's Tale" a sign of interest in literature or a concern about the future of the U.S.A.?
Does Dante's Divine Comedy resonate with non-western audiences?
What should my introduction in a persuasive speech about reading non-famous books be?
What was your favorite book and why?
What is modernist literature at its hardest and at its softest?
What are some of the best novels written from a war victim's POV?
What would popular fictional characters answer to the question, "What was your greatest regret?"?
Can anyone provide me some tips to score well in the ISC English Literature paper?
Which is the best classic book that I should read first?
What happened to Christian literature?
What should I say in a competition before starting the poem?
How do you define the field of English literature?
What are some interesting ideas in Shakespeare's king Richard III?
How could I make use of the greatest minds in history?
What is the perspective in the poem Australia 1970 by Judith Wright? And what are the representations?
Why was the book Crime and punishment written?
What is the poetic device alliteration?
How did Shakespeare become the great bard?
What are some of the shortest popular light novels that were ever written?
How do I maintain books/a home library to be fresh and dust free?
What do you think, what is the message and the meaning behind the masterpiece 'Master and Margarita' by Mikhail Bulgakov?
How is feminism represented in American poetry?
Should English literature answer be short and to the point? Should only points be given in the answer?
What is a famous ballad poem?
How does literature influence language?
What are the differences between Romanticism and Classicism?
Was Shakespeare a shut-in?
What is the difference between literary and linguistic devices?
What type of poem is Edgar Allan Poe's "The City in the Sea"?
Can someone help me for NET in English literature?
Are there any complete filmed versions of Romeo and Juliet?
What does "Aeons of acquiescence in race destiny, instead of our individual resistance" mean as used by D. H. Lawrence in Lady Chatterley’s Lover?
What are some examples of euphemism in literature?
How old is Don Quixote?
What is the entire poem in Dracula Untold that is his wife’s favorite?
What are the contributions of Mr.Manushya Puththiran to the Tamil Modern poetry?
How relevant was Shakespeare in his time?
How much can you make on a first poetry book?
What are some clever ways Shakespeare used language?
What are the remarks about Alexander Pope’s works?
In Elizabeth Bennet's pov, what are the pros and cons of marriage (pride and prejudice)?
What is the most recommendable forms among the forms of Hindi literature?
Who would you nominate as the greatest of all novelist Charles Dickens, Leo Tolstoy or another? And what would your argument and reasoning be for your nominee?
Which small publishers specialize in literary fiction?
What is postcolonial literary theory?
What is the Sentry poem about?
Do you think the novel Brida by Paulo Coelho is a complete story?
What is the literary cultural fest at MMMUT, Gorakhpur?
What is like to be the assistant of Paulo Coelho?
Why is making poetry so unpopular?
What are examples of literary epics?
What are your favourite poems about immigrants?
What are some famous or classic short stories in English with patriotism as a theme?
What is the meaning of ethnic literature?
What are some of the best online literary groups?
Is Gatsby aware of Wilson killing him?
Who are some poets that display topophilia?
What is the most unusual plot in a literary novel?
What is the name of your favorite book?
Can Laxmi Prasad Devkota be compared to William Shakespeare?
What are your thoughts on nostalgia?
How difficult is poetry?
How Mahabharat is a literary source for literature in different Indian languages?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
Roses are red violets are blue. Which word best describes the line ending of this poem?
How many books are found in the wisdom literature?
What are a few contemporary topics in interpretation theory?
What are some examples of poems that contain similes and metaphors?
Which type of literature should a beginning author be trying to produce?
Why do people think William Shakespeare was illiterate?
What are some poems from the Romantic era that have to do with wanting more?
What is the socioeconomic life in ancient India as reflected in Sangam literature?
What was it like being the Editor and Content Lead of the poetry book Whistling Silence?
What is thematic analysis in literature?
Is there a trend of pop fiction in Kannada literature?
What are some examples of structural irony?
How does reading more make you go blind?
What is the summary of the poem For Our Sisterhood by Uma Parameswaran?
Why do almost all of the people who listen to music, have interests in dance, literature, and art?
What would the answer be if I were to ask what did you learn from your literature degree?
How do I get into Cambridge University as an undergraduate looking forward to pursuing English literature?
What is the significance tittle of second coming poem by arnold?
What was Lebjadkin's letter to Lembke in "The Devils" about?
What is the format of a critical appreciation of a poem?
Could an argument be made that Iago does what he does for the well-being of Venice?
What is the poem "The Wreck of the Hesperus" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow about?
Why did Napoleon change his mind and decide to build the windmill in Animal Farm?
What are Winston’s strengths and weaknesses in 1984 by George Orwell?
Where can we found Femininity in Sula by Toni Morrison? How is it presented ? What elements can be seeing as Femininity illustrations / images ?
What are some unique wedding ceremony readings from Russian literature/poetry?
What writing styles do I need to follow in order to write a literature review in the filed of Medical Sciences and General Biology?
Are there any contribution of Saudis in literature and arts?
What's the literary genre of books such as 'David and Goliath' (Gladwell), Mastery (Greene), and Sapiens (Harari)?
What are the literary devices in Sarah Kay's poem, B?
What is Chaucer's contribution to Engtish Literature?
What is irony?
Has anyone ever written a poem in the language of mathematics?
Does reading literature help us better understand ourselves?
How do fables and folktales differ?
Will Brandon Stark be named lord of Winterfell after he returns from north of the Wall?
In Romeo and Juliet, who is to blame for Mercutio's death and why?
What are some parallel structure examples in literature?
What is the difference between an embryo and a foetus?
What are some great overlooked foreign literature that have great context and story?
Can you recommend me some novels worth reading for their unique writing style?
What are some examples of traditional love poems?
What are the leading intellectual magazines of your country?
What is the most interesting symbol in literature?
What are the best colleges in terms of faculty, for pursuing an MA in English literature in India?
Which is the best college for BA in English Literature (hons) in Mumbai?
Does poetry translate across culture and context?
Where can I access good literature on FTTx design and implementation?
What are examples of annoying poems?
Can you write a poem or jingle about your startup?
Why do in the novel of Virginia Woolf all the things are written in an unstructured manner and scenes are being repeated at the end of the novel?
What are the top ten written battles?
What is an English sonnet?
What are some important themes found in Renaissance literature?
What influenced the Victorian literature?
How can an unpublished thesis be helpful in doing a literature review?
Which authors influenced H.P. Lovecraft?
What is folk tale in literature?
What is the Abyss?
Can you critique my poem? I would like to know what is good and how I can improve my work.
What are some short stories about husbands love?
Who is Ashley Judd's favorite author?
Is “William Shakespeare was an English playwright and poet” a complex sentence?
What is the writing style of Victor Hugo in the Hunchback of Notre Dame?
Who perfected the literary term, 'Heroic Couplet' by Dryden/Pope?
What was Shakespeare's opinion of free will?
What is your favourite classic literature book and why?
What is the difference between theme and motif in the literary work?
Why are many famous poets in Kannada literature known as 'Rashtrakavi'?
What is the related literature of a power bank?
Can you identify the author of a poem entitled “Secluded Sadness”? It looks to be a Beat work.
What poem, artwork, literary work or musical composition jumped the shark for the romanticist era?
As a poetry fan, what would you love to see in a poetry book?
What is the difference between imperialism and colonialism in English literature?
How can I write an imagery poem?
What literary or rhetorical device did Marc Antony use when he kept repeating "Brutus is an honorable man"?
As a high school student, what is the easiest way for me to learn the basics of finance?
Have you read much of Chris Hedges' work? If so, what did you think?
Who might be considered the "Shakespeare" of our times in 400 years?
Which are the dilemmas of Dante Alighieri?
Is it fair for English teachers to ask about connections to the Bible in literature?
Who can tell me their favourite poem?
Why did Joseph Murphy name his book The Power of Your Subconscious Mind instead of a Bible reference?
How do I prepare for IGNOU online M.A .in English literature?
Is physics, chemistry, Maths, English, and Literature in English a valid subject combination for ISC according to the latest curriculum?
Have you ever read a poem on love which led you to cry?
What are the essential items/parts of a short story?
Did Dante with The Divine Comedy influence modern world? If so in which point(s)?
What are the greatest books ever written that one shouldn't miss?
What's your thought on Nadia Hashimi's books?
Is it the right decision to go for an MBA after being a graduate in English literature?
What are some poems easy to remember?
Is is good to attempt all 6 literature questions on the boards when I don't know the answer to the sixth question?
Why is "cunt" considered so much worse as a swear word than "dick" or "cock"?
What are some examples of conflict perspectives in literature?
What are examples of short stories with a dramatic irony?
What are the characteristics of the types of conflict in literature?
Which is, according to you, the best story you have ever written and why?
What is the greatest passage in literature?
How good is the novel, The Great Gatsby?
What if Goethe wrote a poem "Die cannabis-Pflanze"?
What are some tips to analyze prose?
What should I read in preparation for studying a BA (Hons) in English Literature?
In 1984 by George Orwell, why don't crimes exist in Oceania?
Which poem will be asked in the English Lit section of the IGCSE?
What is the main function of narrative structures?
Is "Michael" the novel by Joseph Goebbels a good read?
What's your favorite literary book that you have read several times, and why is it your favourite?
Is it possible for a finance undergraduate (Indian student) to do a master's degree in English literature in Canada?
How do you see the future of Hindi literature in India?
What are the salient features of Modern poetry?
Could you please compare and contrast romantic period with renaissance in terms of literature?
Do you believe rap is a form of poetry?
Who is a contemporary author who has not yet been explored by Ph.D.-level researchers in English literature?
Why is the knothole filled with cement in the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
How does Derrida's work relate to Wittgenstein's?
Have you memorized your favorite poem?
What are some examples of prose in literature?
What are the main characteristics of literary narratives?
Do other Asian countries have sung poetry like Vietnamese?
Do you have to like literature in order to teach a language?
What are some examples of antithesis in literature?
How do I find the toki/crested ibis in Japanese literature?
What do you think about Goethe's poems?
What are the main characteristics of an omniscient narrator?
What are some of the best wedding readings from literature?
Do non-Americans know or care about F. Scott Fitzgerald or The Great Gatsby?
Why do some readers seem to hate Thomas Hardy and the deeply tragic nature of his books?
Do Indians love poetry?
What is the most engaging book you have ever read?
How do I prepare for a Pondicherry University M.A. (English and comparative literature)?
What are some good works of literature about people choosing their obligations to society over their deepest desires?
Why  the sun is not hot when it appears big and hotter when it looks small during noon?
How does the author powerfully explore ideas about conformity and rebellion in “For Heidi with Blue Hair” (poem in comment)?
Which is the best anaphoric poem you have ever read?
What are the aspects of style and technique in literature?
What are the different types of literary devices?
What are some examples of elements in postmodern literature?
Have you managed to read "Infinite Jest" (all of it)? What did you think of it?
What feminist literary criticism?
How do I design a character in a novel/ short story?
How were classic romance poems structured?
What are some good poems on perseverance?
What is the study of literature called?
What are the devices used to foreground poetry? What are examples which are different from those in the units?
What type of literature is used in Japanese anime?
What is the meaning of "extending the literature on something"?
What is the most motivating sentence in literature?
Why is the "founder of anarchism," William Godwin, not more widely known and studied?
Which are some of the greatest works in Classic fiction?
What are some poems/films/short stories that explore the concept of change?
What literary devices make a fictional character interesting?
What are the five elements of a plot?
How many poems did Nikki Giovanni made?
How is Liam O'Flaherty's story "The Sniper" considered an irony?
What is the theme of the poem I ran into a stranger?
What would be the family tree of the book one in the Mahabharata of Classical Literature 2?
What is some established literature regarding the definition of forest fringes?
Which book is best for Urdu poetry?
How does poetry differ from other literature?
At what age do you think does one have the best understanding or appreciation of poetry?
How do I start reading a novel with a very heavy (and old) vocabulary?
Why is John Proctor from The Crucible an authentic rebel? What lessons can we learn from him?
What are the books with finest prose?
What are the best ebooks on poetry?
What are some characteristics of the different types of conflict in literature?
What is the setting of a book?
How was “To Kill a Mockingbird” received in the American south?
Would you like to try your hand at capturing the sounds and traditions of a specific rural region in a story written in English poetic prose?
What is the importance of the five elements of literature?
What would be some good questions to ask Hecate and the three witches?
What does road symbolize in literature?
In ten words or less, what is your favorite poem?
Was Franz Kafka autistic?
What sci-fi books have non-human main characters?
What is the best summary of this passage huckleberry finn?
Why do people like poetry?
What are the literature discussion strategies?
What are some major sociological approaches to literary criticism?
What are the different types of imagery in literature?
What is contrasting imagery? What are some examples in the novel "In the Time of the Butterflies"?
What are some examples of poems with onomatopoeia and alliteration?
What are some book recommendations for newbie?
Which literary giants were discovery writers?
What is your pettiest peeve in literature?
Is the Quran the best works of literature in Arabic?
What are some good themes for an essay about "Macbeth" by William Shakespeare?
Why aren't poetry and short stories read as widely as novels?
How can I make a story a horror story?
How do I avoid drowsiness while reading a literature book?
How was the ISC English literature paper?
Has anyone ever written poetry for you?
What are some examples of satire in literature?
What are the best reference works on American literature?
Would anyone have any ideas for a poem on the theme of stone?
What are the poetic devices in the poem "The Fog"?
Who was the oldest character who ever lived?
Can a poem be without line breaks?
What is a 2-5 minute poem about serving one another in love?
What are some unique characteristics of a short poem?
Who are the most controversial writers in Literature?
What similes are found in "Beowulf"?
What mistakes do neurotypical authors make when writing autistic characters?
What happened at the end of the book The Alchemist?
What are some entrance exams for the interest of English and literature?
Which are some books that should be read if one wants to become a writer?
What are the most interesting examples of symbolism in Westworld?
What role does nature play in a Shakespearean play and sonnets?
Is it easy to publish a systematic literature review (SLR), if it is missing from a field?
Has literature become less international since the 60s?
What is the oldest form of literature?
What is meant by refrain in literature?
What is a good poem about morality?
'Machiavelli's suggestiveness results from the fact that he is sometimes thinking of sex, and almost always thinking of war.' Who said this?
Of William Shakespeare's contemporaries who was the greatest? Ben Jonson or Christopher Marlowe.
What happens at the end of Chapter 2 in "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
How can I criticize Sonnet 95 of Shakespeare?
What was your first reaction after you finished readig The Prince's Tale?
What are the different types of poetic devices with examples?
The Anita Blake books, the Fever series, and The Godhunter series are some of my fav reads. Are there other books like these?
What is the complete meaning of the poem I Have a Rendezvous with Death? Do you have any idea how to make a video based on that poem?
Why does Shakespeare make up his own words?
Are there any famous authors you hate?
In your own opinion, who has better stories: Edgar Allan Poe or H.P. Lovecraft?
What is your favourite poem relating to flowers, and why?
What are the best books written on India?
When did rhyming become commonplace in poetry?
Who is Bhorer Pakhi in Bengali literature?
How can I publish my Indian spiritual literature, which I have translated into Russian?
What is suspense in literature?
What is your favourite novel by a Canadian author?
What is is an M.A in English Literature like?
What are some examples of themes and topics in that are not discussed in literary fiction but should be?
What is the last book you read that you thought "This is going to become a classic"?
What is your favourite poem written by Bharathiyar?
What is the difference between elite and popular literature?
What should literature help us do?
What are some of the best love story novels written by foriegn writer?
Are there any non-sexist, non-racist, non-classist, and non-homophobic fantasy writings?
What are the most creative "About me" descriptions you've ever read anywhere?
Who are some famous authors that sucked at basic math?
What makes a good selfie?
What are the best books or novels written by Rabindranath Tagore?
What’s your favourite poem?
What are the most important books of the Bible to read from the perspective of a Christian and a non-Christian?
What makes poetry beautiful?
Is there an alternative to the book of Esra?
How can I write a traditional love poem?
Given that the great American novel is The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, what is the great American novel of the twentieth century?
Which should be the first book a guy should read?
What is local color in literature?
Where, in Tolstoy's War and Peace, do two characters philosophically discuss the concept of a man wrongly accused of murder, and what is the context?
For my assignment, I need to answer this: What is the relevance of the dinosaur's incorporation within Animal Farm? There was no dinosaur in the book, was there?
What are some good poems on infidelity?
Was Shakespeare not very religious?
Have you ever had a romance like Romeo and Juliet? How did it end?
What are some best books on fiction literature?
Is the story of John F. Kennedy a dark sort of masterpiece? Is it a literary miracle that is based from Alice in Wonderland?
Who are the people behind DLitFest?
Is there anything more epic in life than fine conversation, literature, and playing sports?
Where can I read the “Six Suspects” book by Vikas Swarup?
What are the perks of an omniscient narrator?
How do sites like shmoop.com, Cliffs Notes, SparkNotes and others analyse books so deeply?
Which are the poems and prose lessons on the ICSE English literature syllabus for 2018-2019?
What is your review of University College of Arts and Social Sciences, Osmania Universi?
How do you explain all the Italian influence in Shakespeare's plays?
How do I get free English literature materials for lectureship?
Would anyone suggest some poetry books?
What's a good name for a poem about the past of runaway slaves?
Why does no one read poetry? Was poetry mainstream/popular in the past?
What book should I choose for my book prize?
What classics should I read with complex characters?
Are their any novel/Literature analysis blogs and YouTube channels?
What are your favourite literary journals?
Can “to” be left out in the following sentence: What they practice is just teaching people rituals and (to) follow rules?
What is the most absurd book you've ever read?
Which poems are best to read to help understand the Persian mind?
Should I follow my dream and study physics (even if I failed several times) or study what I'm good at (literature)?
Where will I get ISC question paper of English literature of 2014 on internet?
Was Mark Twain a Freemason when he wrote Tom Sawyer?
In the catcher in the rye, who are flits?
Did you find fun and enjoyment again after reading Dostoevsky?
What is the difference between surrealism fiction and fantasy fiction?
What were the best books that you read in 2016?
Can you name some things, people, and works of art and literature that are not French, but that France gets credit for?
Why has magical realism been so much more pervasive in Spanish than English language literature?
Which is the best English poetry?
Where do you find poems?
What philosophical short stories would you recommend? Perhaps something similar to 'The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas?'
What is a good poem about coffee?
Who distributes literature, poetry, and theater in Spanish?
What is the most gripping book you have ever read?
Can I get a literary manager with an incomplete feature length screenplay?
Which poem will impress a girl?
What are some great, original, unique science-fiction/fantasy stories, books, or comics you would recommend for a person to read? The more recent, the better.
What if no novels were written?
If my book's plot was Hindu and Chinese gods in a war, would that be offensive?
How similar are Iranian Persian (Farsi) and Afghan Persian (Dari)? Will the speakers understand each other?
How do we make reciting poem great again?
What is a poetry slam?
What are the main characteristics of a stanza in literature?
What is moon by Kathleen jamie about? And how does the imagery support the meaning?
What are "minutes" in play-writing (as in "10-minute play" or "53 minute play)?
What is trying to kill Nigerian literature?
What are your thoughts after reading "The Old Man and the Sea,” by Ernest Hemingway?
What is a good poem about anxiety?
How can we define poetry?
Who are the best literary writers on Quora?
Why should I use paradox in poems?
Which character in Jane Austen's novels most closely resembles Donald Trump?
Where can I find short stories to read online?
What are some great books/novels on philosophy (non romantic or preachy) in Punjabi literature?
In Romeo and Juliet, Act 2 Scene 2, are Romeo and Juliet being rational? Why, or why not?
How can I write a poem about youth?
Which poems can I read to develop my interest in poetry?
What is relationship between literature and globalization?
What is the importance of verbal irony in "Macbeth"?
How did the Qur'an influence literature and poetry?
What are some modern poems worth reading?
Can you tell the names of novels on "psycho-sexual" disorders from Bengali literature?
Victoria Sackville West wrote a poem called "The Mirage". Where can I find a copy of the text of the poem?
What are the probable Much Ado About Nothing essay questions for English literature in the 2017 ISC boards?
Is math or literature more enjoyable?
Can I take double majors in literature and sociology?
What is Ogden Nash's most famous poem? Why is it so famous?
Should the Oxford comma be eliminated?
How can someone change his view after learning literature?
Were the floating fortresses in George Orwell's '1984' based on the "flying fortresses" of the 1940s?
Why do you love literature?
How can I find out the grammar, or to be precise, the association between words in poems in a learned foreign language?
What, according to Philip Sidney are the twin functions of poetry?
How Master in English literature can lend you a great and amazing jobs in India except the teaching one?
Which university is better for literature, Panjab or Delhi?
What is taking a world literature class like?
How would "Hamlet" change being translated to modern English?
Which SF and fantasy books have the most detailed and evocative descriptions of geography?
Can you attempt a deconstructive criticism of a poem?
What are the advantages and disadvantaged of literary sources In history?
In Japan, does a temple exist where there is a poem called "Loss" carved into the stone? It has three words, but the poet has scratched them out.
What are some parody examples in literature?
What should a poem about youth contain?
Why do I easily get bored when reading classic works of literature?
Are there any poems about the effects of time?
What are all the things unseen in literature?
What pieces of literature, film, or artwork explore the idea of the male gaze?
What is the explanation of the short story 'Home' by Alice Munro?
In Spanish, to say "poetry" is it correct to use the article in front of the word? Is poetry "poesía" or "la poesía"?
What is the meaning of Tagore’s poem "Lord of My Life"?
What are the main features of tragedy in literature?
Is there an illustrated encyclopedia that covers all types of literature, plot devices, plot structure and symbolism used?
What characteristics does Romanticist poetry display?
Would you recommend Daniel Schwabauer's one year adventure novel program?
Why do I like literature more than real life?
Which universities should I apply for M.A. in English Literature?
In literature, what is the meaning of an epithet?
What's the first book I should read by Faulkner?
How can I find the analysis of yeats's poem when you are old?
If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year, do you suppose it's possible they could make it clear?
What is the difference between meters in poems?
Is there any book on the poems of Mirza Ghalib?
In The Great Gatsby, why is Daisy's voice "fluctuating, feverish, warm… a deathless song"?
What is romantic love in literature?
How do I approach UGC NET in English Literature in an easier way?
Why were Flints and Norreys at Alys Karstark's wedding?
Are the Song of Ice and Fire books 4 and 5 really that bad?
What are some examples of poems with sound devices?
Is there any significance to the fact that the daughter of the Archon of Tyrosh was fostered at Sunspear with Arianne as a childhood friend?
What book has your favourite literary friendship?
What is the opening quote for literary association function?
Have you ever written down what you dreamed?
Who is the most influential character in Macbeth (why three reasons)?
What is the meaning of the word "Faqr-e-Ghayoor' in Allama Iqbal's poetry?
Who are the most prominent writers in authoritative literature?
What are some of the best book about Christian marriage?
What is some advice you would give for the IB English Literature HL paper 1?
What are the disadvantages of choosing literature as an optional subject over other subjects for WBCSE?
How can "The BBC Companion to English Literature" help me for English exam?
What is an example of an anachronism in act 2 scene 2 of Romeo and Juliet?
Is there an encyclopedia that covers the different types of intrigues, plot devices, stories found in the literature?
Who is the best author of kids literature?
What fate would you prefer be Ashara Dayne's? If she's alive would you prefer Quaithe, Jyanna or Lemore? Or Would you rather she were dead? Why?
How do you give an analysis of Seamus Heany poem Skunk?
Which are the best literature college in Bangalore?
Can you simplify the "To be or not to be" soliloquy line-by-line?
How do writers interweave symbols in their stories?
In the Greek myth of Sisyphus, why doesn't Sisyphus stop? Is he bound?
Is it worth making our self-made notes in English literature if we need to learn it well so that we could remember it during the exams?
What do you think of "postmodernism generators"?
Is European literature better than American literature?
Could you please recommend some great literature using simple English?
Which are the most anticipated poems and stories for ICSE 2017?
Is there a psychic power such as mental dominance? As in Stephen King's novel, Firestarter?
What's the best introduction to get an audience's attention before reciting a poem?
How can I learn 16 analysed poems?
What is John Cheever's literary legacy?
How is the Rashtrakuta Dynasty different from other dynasties in terms of art, culture, literature, administration and finance?
What purpose do the elements of a prose serve?
Do you have any advice for someone who has decided to major in trauma studies in literature?
Why is an inverted or upside down question mark used in some English literature books?
What is sentimentality in poetry?
What are the English novels (English literature) that talk about or mention Sufism?
How are lady Macbeth and Macbeth similar?
What are the personality traits of the King from 'Till We Have Faces'?
What are some examples of a short satire?
What were the characteristics of realism in literature?
Is the novel Huckleberry Finn allowed in school libraries?
Why should mythology not be taught in the form of literature?
What are the characteristics of an omniscient narrator?
What is mood and atmosphere in literature?
What is the purpose of Images and Symbols in literature?
What is the greatest villain character in literature?
Which figure of speech is there in this line from a poem - ‘She is rich and rare land, oh! She is a fresh and fair land’?
Can you help me with a literary analysis of any John Keats poem?
What would be an interesting topic to write about anatomy for SLR (scientific literature review)?
What are the universities in the USA where you can do PG studies in English literature with a good scholarship?
What was literature like in the 1980s?
What line or quote, from a novel, particularly resonated with you as you read it?
What is meant by the reference "to kill a mockingbird"?
What is the best way to write review of literature in finance?
Who wrote the quote "When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew."?
What are the greatest non-Western pieces of philosophy/literature?
What is the meaning of the word Aryavarta in Vedic literature?
Who is your favorite classic novel author, and why?
You are Scheherazade, due to be executed in the morning, what story do you tell to keep yourself alive? What is the most compelling tale you can tell?
What should I do after 12th if I am interested in Literature?
What was the purpose of the coyote in The Wars by Timothy Findley?
Is Jake Williams like Shakespeare? Is he really a team of people?
What are the different ways in which literature can help us in life?
If Victor Hugo had written a third book after "L'homme qui rit" and "Quatrevingt-treize", what would it have been about?
In your opinion, was the short story "The Bear," by William Faulkner, the greatest short story in American literature?
What is a common theme, message, lesson, or idea found in Life of Pi, Hamlet and Frankenstein?
Who is the most evil female fictional character?
What is Sanskrit literature?
What are three themes in the book "The Gambler" written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky?
Can fiction or novel writing be considered fine arts?
Why did Kate dress like a barmaid in order to know the real character of Charles Marlow in the novel, She Stoops to Conquer?
Why do some literary genres get outdated?
What are some of the greatest products of human thought?
What are the best literary sites to explore in the U.K.?
What is your review of Orwell's "1984"?
From which poet can I learn beautiful new words and word combinations?
Why is The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger considered a classic?
What are some examples of ballad poems?
Which translation of Gogol's Dead Souls should I read?
Which books written in the last 10-15 years will in the future be considered classics?
What is the internal conflict in the poem "Beowulf"?
What books are a must-read for you?
How has the emotional appeal of literature changed through time?
What is the fascination for grown ups to read comics on a regular basis?
What are some examples of intertextuality in literature?
What are some examples of parallel structure poetry?
Which question should I leave in the ICSE Literature exam?
What are some common characteristics of African literature?
What are some things you can say in a poem that you can't say in a novel?
When did Sanskrit start entering Kannada literature? How?
What are some pink pig creatures in works of fiction?
Who was William Wordsworth and what was his contribution to English literature?
Were Hizdahr and the Green Grace siding with the Yunkai Wise Masters the whole time, after Dany flew away?
Which are some of the most beautifully written books?
How do I answer questions related to novel in literature exams?
What is a cliche in literature?
Who is the American-English equivalent to Shakespeare?
What are similarities in writing a poem and a fiction?
Should commit myself professionally to comedy, or music and literature?
What is poetry? What is not poetry?
Is English literature a difficult subject?
How are Shakespeare's perspectives on love idealized?
What does the line "My song exalts her dazzling tulips" mean in the poem Kabul by Saib-e-tabrizi?
What are your favourite lines from any novel?
What are some books that Ivy League students are asked to read for Literature or History classes?
How can I develop my literary skills?
Which course is better in MBA for an English literature student?
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
Which is Sristi's best poetry collection?
Who are the comic characters in Shakespeare's plays?
How do alliteration and repetition differ?
How many PhD in English literature are there in the world?
What is the history of Hindi literature?
Would you suggest a good name for a poem which describes that you got spectacles?
What is the most disturbing book you've ever read and why?
Which stream should I keep in 11th and 12th to pursue in English literature?
What makes a poem beautiful?
What are the major components that make up an author's "voice"?
What are examples of verbal irony in "Othello"?
In the poem "Thanatopsis", what literary devices were used?
What are some examples of fiction in literature?
What is literature based discovery in a nutshell?
Why did Macbeth feel guilty after killing the king in William Shakespeare's play?
According to the literature, what did Lord Murugan (Karthikeya) mean by "Sutta pazham" and "Sudaatha pazham"?
Are there any literary characters of note who were polar opposites in personality, etc, from the author who created them?
What is the title of your favorite poetry collection?
How can I earn a degree in English Literature while in a medical college in Mumbai?
What page of "Childhood, Boyhood, Youth" by Leo Tolstoi is this quote from?
Do "the classics" (in literature) ever become obsolete or no longer relevant?
What are the career options in literature?
What are some old novels which closely predict the current technologies and way of life?
What happened to literature?
What are 10 must-read books for corporate employees?
How does one query a literary agent for a novel?
Do Iranians people like old Indian poetry?
Are there any good short stories about a suicidal AI?
What's your favourite quote from Shakespeare's plays?
Are the Brave Companions Oberyn Martell's sellsword company?
What are some famous poems by Habib Jalib?
What is a satire in literature?
How do I research a foreign language and literature?
What are the differences between tremendous, numerous and countless?
What are some settings in "The Tell-Tale Heart" by Edgar Allan Poe?
Why are Shakespeare's works so amazing?
What literary devices does Dante use in Inferno?
How do I write something as perfect as The Last Of Us or The Road?
What is the meaning of the song "better days" from of the rock group Supertramp?
Is Berkeley's EDX class for AP English Literature and Composition good prep for IB Literature HL?
How do I write my long answers in impressive way in English literature, Defense and Geography?
Who is the most evil fictional character that isn’t human?
What would literature be like today if the Ilyad and Oddisey had not been written?
What are some examples of melodrama in literature?
What are some perfectly explained situations via poems?
How can I cite literary criticism in an essay?
What are examples of imagery in "Catcher in the Rye"?
What are some of the best novella/novels to read (any genre)?
Which Marathi plays are considered as classics, and why?
What kind of background knowledge should I have before reading Roman and Greek mythology? Will reading it just as it is be okay?
Is there any book which contains all of the Hindi NCERT poems, with their writers?
What is the best horror story written by Edgar Allan Poe and why?
I'm very good at drawing, acting, photography, writing stories and composing music. Is there a job that includes all my passions?
How can I start a flashback in my story without stating dates or using overused tropes?
Do the SOL (school of open learning) notes really help English literature students at Delhi University?
What's the difference between a ghazal, a poem, shayari, muktak, and nazm?
What is the first autobiography ever written by any person in the world?
Have you run rampant into an almost-climactic suite yelling "Radio belly! Cat shovel!"?
Is it good for a 14-year-old to read Crime and Punishment?
Why did Elon Musk say that he decided against "plays & poems" for naming his boring machines and instead will use "poems & plays"?
What is the procedure for the coinage of a poetic or literary device?
What are your favorite quotes from Sylvia Plath?
How do I analyze and trace character development in a text?
Which is the best Autobiography ever written by any person in the world?
Is there anything worth living for outside of sports and literature?
How many sides should each answer be in the ISC English literature exam?
What are the best death poems of all time in English?
How do I study English literature for the ISCE 10 2017?
Who is to blame for the untimely deaths of Romeo and Juliet?
In the story "the bet" by anton chekhov, why does the banker fires 2 shots when he was told to fire only one?
What is the social importance of literature?
Who is your favorite literary character from the book OHYOS by GGM?
Which is the best patriotic poem on India?
Can someone help me with the iambic pentameter of my sonnet?
Can somebody give me an analysis of the short story ‘The Nightingale and the Rose’ by Oscar Wilde?
Is there an equivalent story to David and Goliath in Chinese mythology and literature?
How can I learn modern poetry?
In a collision of 2 galaxies, what happens to the black holes in the center of both galaxies, and why are the galaxies’ shapes elliptical, not spiral?
Is Sophocles’s Oedipus Rex world literature?
What piece of poetry do you find to have the most depth or to carry a feeling?
How can I read a book faster and effectively?
What is the greatest quote found in literature?
Is there any literature dealing with the gay underworld in Shakespeare's time?
What are the career scope for a person with a degree in BA English?
Can Chetan Bhagat's novels ever find a place amongst college degree-level English literature curriculums?
What are the major themes of post colonial literature?
What are the different English literature courses in India for graduation?
How was power portrayed in African American literature in the early 20th century?
How young can someone be to translate "Don Quixote" yourself?
What kind of themes/songs does Armin Van Buuren usually write about?
How are literary narratives used?
Are there any authors similar to Jonathan Carroll?
What is are some great Hindi poem lines that shows the true face of Indian society?
What should I do to brush up my background in French Literature in prep to apply to UIC's French Graduate Program?
My literature professor said that every novel writer hopes that his characters will be accepted . What did she mean?
How is fiction/poetry necessary?
Nina Von Stauffenberg wrote a lovely poem for her husband after he was gone. Where can I find a copy of the poem?
What are the characteristics of American literature?
If literary agents know what will sell and what won't why don't they write novels?
Is Boo Radley the real father of Scout and Jem?
Have you felt a poetry screaming at you? What poetry was it?
Which is the best book to read on Rumi’s love poems?
What are some examples of literary tropes?
Are there any movie or literature examples of a boy using his power to get sex?
Which nomenclature of an organization or an association is correct? Is it literary society or literature society?
What are some incidents that happened in To Kill a Mockingbird (book) that relate to today?
Why do Indians not use articles (a, an, the) in their speech and literature (English) any more?
What is the best English literature app?
What are idioms used for in literature?
What is your essential reading list in Latin American literature?
Did you keep up with the assigned readings when you were an English Lit student?
What are some of the best novels written by Sir Humayun Ahmed?
Is American literature related to American Indians?
What is "Dangerous" by Milo Yiannopoulos about?
What are some examples of internal conflicts in literature?
I don't know to read Tamil, I want to hear Bharathiyar poems online, for a start I wish to hear the bharathi Pudhumai Penn poem, where can I find it?
Why study British literature?
What are some good examples of world literature?
Generally, what is good poetry like to a literary critic?
What is the proper way of doing a literature review for research work?
What's it like to be a worn out genius?
Can you read my poem?
Shakespeare’s son Hamnet died as a result of which historically significant cause?
What are literary compositions?
Who is the most tragic villain in fiction?
What is your favourite Rumi poem?
Why is Rosaline Capulet Romeo's first love and not Juliet?
What are the guidelines for answering literature questions of ICSE?
Which is the best collection of works written by John Dickson Carr?
What are the most effective and fastest ways to write a literature review in economics?
What did William Shakespeare mean when he said, "“The better part of valor is discretion"?
What are the possible questions that might come for English literature for 2017?
What is the comparison of different types of Indian literature?
What's your experience with horror fiction? Have you ever written anything in this genre?
What are some examples of direct and indirect characterization in literature?
What are some of the best literatures of India irrespective of languages?
In research, must all the articles I gather be limited to my study area?
What is the difference between English Literature and American Literature?
Is it weird that I have a wide vocabulary yet have trouble spelling a lot of words?
Would you consider Nabokov's "Pale Fire" to be a satire of literature professors? Why or why not?
Which modern languages have a literary equivalent as Shakespeare does to English?
At what clash of time or incidences did Biswapati Sarkar think that his future is in literature?
What is an analysis of postmodernism in literature?
Where can I get the answers for the 2017 ISC English literature paper about The Drover’s Wife?
What are the reviews of literature related to anemia in antenatal mothers?
What are some must-read dark romantic works?
How do I identify the figures of speech in four lines of a poem supposedly given to you?
Is the Bible actually great literature?
How do religious communities differentiate between religious literature and historical fiction literature?
What are the main features of fables?
What is the purpose of knowledge?
What are the defining works of authoritative literature?
What are the humanistic approaches in literature?
Which is the most important part of speech, e.g. the noun, verb, adverb, adjective, or preposition, etc.?
What are the qualities of the poem "Rashmirathi"?
What is the legal status of poetry in China? Must it be written in simplified characters to be published?
What is meant by the post-occupational period in Philippine literature?
What are some of the greatest works in English literature?
Why do we no longer speak like Shakespeare?
What are the most beautiful sensual/romantic poems (such as those by Neruda)?
What are the important questions from Arms and the Man for the ISC 2017 in English literature?
What are the must literature books for the Primary schoolers?
How did Catcher in the Rye inspire Mark David Chapman to murder John Lennon?
Which classic piece of literature is worth reading, and why? Will I be confused by the language?
What are the top five best Autobiographies ever written by any politician?
Where can I find "to kill a mockingbird" free epub ?
What are some examples of gayatri, usnik, anustubh, brhati, pankti meters in Sanskrit prose and poetry?
What role does nature play in Shakespeare's play and sonnets?
What are the best (short) poems or quotes you know?
How would you interpret the poem "The Fifth Elegy" by Rainer Maria Rilke?
What are some common applications for literary hooks?
Why hasn’t Stephen King been awarded the Nobel Prize in literature?
Is there any recommended reference book for Cambridge A level literature, (Philip Larkin’s poem analysis)?
If this song was transformed into a poem, what kind of poem would it be?
Where can I find a poem on Chaduvu (study)?
What did queen Elizabeth 1 do for the English literature?
What is foregrounding? What are the devices used to foreground poetry? What are examples that are different from those in the units?
What question can I discuss as a topic on 'hacktivism' for a literature review?
What is the name of the theater that has a dialogue between one person and his mind? Something like schizophrenia.
Who is Sampson in Romeo and Juliet?
What is an end-stop line in poetry?
What are flights of fancy love poems?
Whom would you like to invite at Kavita - the Hindi poetry blog on Quora?
How do people appreciate Paul Celan's later poetry?
Which Jewish Laureate focused on the settlement topic in his work prior to the first immigration wave?
Can literary works be interpreted differently?
What are some good ABC poem examples?
Which story in the Mahabharata has similar elements to Shakespeare's Macbeth?
Why should we avoid opening up poetry for interpretation?
What is the point of reading books?
Since everyone will interpret religious texts however they want, why do we regard holy books differently from any other literature?
What can "Buckle up your loved ones" mean in a literary text?
What are the connotation of few guests costumes in the Capulet's party for Romeo and Juliet?
What do the readers think about the book mysterious stranger by Mark Twain?
Which is the most beautiful, yet simple to understand poem you have ever come across?
Why did my friend disapprove of Tolstoy? He immediately named many authors and told me "you should be reading books by them."
What are my options after doing MBBS in India?
What literary devices are used in “Four Summers” by Joyce Carol Oates?
Does Gauvain from "Ninety-three" by Victor Hugo have his real prototype?
Do Americans find novels written in U.K. English annoying or distracting?
What is the most recent piece of poetry you have written?
What are the best reference works on English literature?
What are some literature on the Vedantic hermeneutics circle in Hinduism?
Which universities offer course in Comparative Literature in undergraduate studies within West Bengal?
What is the relation between language and literature?
What would be the conflict of "I'll be there" by Holly Goldberg Sloan?
What are the best books to read on mysteries and fantasies?
Why was The Cider House Rules named as such? Is there a symbolism involved?
Would you like to read a debut novel by an Indian author?
What is painting based on poetry called?
What are your own written couplet or poetry?
What would happen if there would be no literature?
Is there any novel which can compete with the theme story Revolution 2020?
Why aren't novellas and novelettes as popular as novels and short stories?
What are the current trends in Literature now a days?
How can I share poetry on WhatsApp?
How many novels did Charles Bukowski write?
What is Northern African literature?
What is the best prose fiction book that you have read?
What is the impact of emotional appeal in literature?
Do youngsters read Rabindranath Tagore now?
Which is the most evil line you have ever read?
What are the top 10 worst fan fictions ever written?
What are some characteristics of traditional poetry?
What are some good poetry books?
What are the best novel for beginners by Indian writers?
What are the 3 types of irony in literature?
How can I write poetry explanations in points in Hindi exam?
Why is Romeo and Juliet your favorite?
What is the setting of the poem "Your World" by Georgia Douglas Johnson?
Is there any university in Brazil which offers undergraduate English literature programs?
What are some fictional works that have interdimensional history?
What is simile in first verse of poem daffodils?
What are the most likely topics in English literature for 2017?
What does silver symbolize in literature?
What is the best digital edition of Shakespeare?
In Act 1, Scene 3 of Macbeth, is it true that Shakespeare seems to have forgotten that Macbeth has just been fighting the Thane of Cawdor?
Why does Faulkner and Cormac McCarthy favor style over substance?
What is the relationship between form and content in literature?
What words should I know for the AP Literature exam?
In what city or town does The Handmaid's Tale take place?
Who is the best contemporary author with a great "writers tool box"?
In which chapter of "The Idiot" does someone burn his hand or fingers?
Which is the most translated poem in Indian languages?
What is the stream of consciousness in literature?
What are some characteristics of Romantic and Victorian literature?
What is the way to start and write the long answer questions asked in ISC English literature?
I would want to pursue a PhD in erotic literature. But I have no idea where to start and what to read. Can someone help?
Can archaeology contribute anything useful to the study of ancient literature beyond the discovery of new texts?
How do you interpret this quote from Ayn Rand: “A gun is not an argument”?
Is this a good place to post original poetry?
Is all of literature essentially just stories that represent a particular philosophy?
Who is the better play writter, William Shakespeare or Anton Chekhov? And why?
How can I write an acrostic poem to a veteran?
Which works by James Joyce are most accessible to today's younger readers?
What poem would be good as a eulogy?
What are some examples of drama in modern literature?
How do I write a research proposal about post-colonial literature and identity?
What are some forgotten classics to read?
How can I learn to write literary letters?
Do you know a book about an ill girl who talks about her friend, who is an angel, and at the end she realizes she has passed away?
What are some feud quotes found in Romeo and Juliet?
Why is literary criticism so important?
The book Huck Finn by Mark Twain is a classic and the N word should not be censored. What is an argument against this?
What is falling action in literature?
What do you think about Jack Kerouac's prose?
What can you say about European unity in culture through architecture, art, and literature?
Is there any literary device that gives the qualities of a plant to an object?
What are your favorite contemporary books?
Does George Orwell's "Animal Farm" portray communism realistically at all?
How were the literary and artistic works of Greece illustrate cultural values?
What are examples of poems with expressions that don’t work in English?
What is the poetry scene like in 2017?
Do you know any great speeches, and can you show how they make effective use of the audience's cognitive biases?
What are best stories (short stories or novels) on magician tricks (except books like Harry Potter)?
Is modern poetry terrible compared to that of the past?
What are the best philosophy books?
What do you think of romanticism?
Why can’t animals create literature like humans?
Can anyone summarise Macbeth act 5 in about 100 words?
As an M.A., M.Phil graduate in English Literature, what sort of job will I get if I clear the TNPSC Exam?
What do you think of the use of a male character only as a sex device in movies and literature?
What are the use of æ,à, ä and other such letters which are there in digital keyboard of our mobile devices? How can we use them?
In literary criticism, we use different theories developed by Freud, Beauvoir, and Marx. What theories do you apply?
Which book of Dostoevsky is mostly liked?
What is your favourite freestyle poem?
What are important Animal Farm quotes or moments in the book?
Can anyone share a review about Sarah Kay's poetry show?
What is the syllabus of JNU for MA entrance with English literature?
Is it okay leave 1 chapter of English literature for the class 12th board exam?
What is a motif in poetry?
Is it true that Rand al'Thor is little present and does small feats from the fourth to twelfth book?
What are some examples of antagonist in literature?
As of March 2017, what genre of fictional literature is currently in high demand and low supply?
What are some dumb things in the Wheel of Time series?
What is your favourite poem or song written by J.R.R Tolkien, and why?
Can you believe that only a few centuries ago, the majority of the population was illiterate?
Why don't I like my own poetry, but others do?
How long did the literature survey take, for you?
Which are the best literature based websites?
How is a dramatic situation in poetry described?
Which Tamil poem you love the most?
Are there cases where literary or art experts were completely wrong about an artwork?
What is the importance of Western literature?
What can I study at Harvard after my graduation in literature?
What are some superb work (books) in English literature that a person should read to take his English skills to high quality levels?
What was the last book you read that wasn't originally written in your native language?
What seems simple yet is indescribably complex?
Have you ever read ancient Chinese poetry? Will you be interested in Chinese traditional culture because of ancient poetry?
I'm 50 pages into Catch 22 and struggling to understand what, if anything, is happening. Will I enjoy this book?
Are there any books about themes and symbols and what they mean in literature or in general?
What does "novels - extrapolation by other authors" mean?
What are your thoughts on the book "To Kill A Mockingbird" by Harper Lee?
Are there any history books written in the form of a story?
What are the best funny short stories?
Who are some great writers from Liverpool?
What is the plot of the story ‘Tiger in the Tunnel’ by Ruskin Bond?
What is a summary of Francis Bacon's essay Of Revenge, in simple English, including allusions that he has used?
Is there any excellent resource by which I can learn the history of English literature with full confidence?
What is the importance of Mayan Literature?
Are there any songs that could be used during the fight between Tybalt and Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet?
What are some examples of people who were into poetry, writing and literature and simultaneously had successful, completely different careers?
In Indonesia, will the upcoming Vandaria Saga Universe mark a rise in fantasy fiction genres in the local literature trend?
What is the best poem you have written, yet hate to share?
Is "An Analysis of Sayuri's Emotions on Ken Iwamura as Reflected in Marshall's Memoirs of a Geisha Movie" a good thesis?
What is the thematic analysis of the poem "The Children and Sir Nameless?
Why isn't classic literature taught in American high schools?
What is your favorite hip hop album?
What are the features of romantic poetry?
What did Shakespeare mean when he wrote, “One may smile and smile and yet be a villain”?
How much of a book do you have to have read to say that you've read it in a personal statement?
Which is the most meaningful poem that you have read till date?
What are sonnets supposed to be about?
How is language perceived and comprehended?
In literature, what is image?
How do I elaborate the character sketch in English literature? What is the technique for it , if I have just read the summary?
What are the most interesting examples of symbolism in Westworld?
Is a good short story writer a genius at inventing new plots or is the plot irrelevant if there is a psychoanalytic or poetic touch to it?
After reading To Kill A Mockingbird, what did you feel/think?
In what language should you read literature?
What novels would you give your brother to understand women better?
Which subject should I drop in graduation (B.A.) economics or English literature?
What could be the best outcome of reading lots of novels?
Can someone help me, how do I learn the written notes in English literature forever as I am not able to focus at all?
What is theoretical literature?
Why does John Steinbeck use foreshadowing in his novels?
Who played Helen Burns in Jane Eyre (1943)?
What does research in English literature entail?
What are some examples of Jay Gatsby's narcissism?
Who is called the greatest master of the regional novel?
What are some good site for listening English poem?
What are the advantages of having different types of poetic devices?
What are some of the most important pieces of Pre-Spanish literature?
What literary movement do you most identify with?
Do you know a British poem written around the Great War which highlights the clash between expectations and experience?
Do you have any fond memories as an amateur poet at Quora blog Poignant Painter?
What novels have been written on the life of Japanese geishas?
Which are the top 10 Russian literature books?
Is there any good Indonesian sci-fi novels/comics/movies?
When will we be able to code programs that can write novels like humans?
What is the socioeconomic life in ancient India as reflected in Sangam literature?
Where can I find or what are the musicals like Notre Dame de Paris?
Which South Asian fiction writers, working in the English language, should be considered among today’s best prose stylists?
Why is the "Thanatopsis" by William Cullen Bryant considered a Calvinist poem?
What is the best essential summarize of The Last of the Mohicans (book)?
How can "The OXFORD Companion to English Literature" help me for English undergrad?
What is it in the Romantic poets that might have helped alleviate John Stuart Mill's mental health issues?
What are the main elements of modernism in literature?
What are some good poems about helplessness?
Which are the questions important for ISC 2017 literature?
In Canto IV of Dante's Inferno, why does Virgil describe Hell as "the blind world"?
Would Lord Of The Flies be considered in the same genre as The Road?
What do you call a person who love reading poems?
Where does Telugu literature stand in Indian literature?
Was Paulo Coelho right when he said that people won't read books in the near future?
Why are the first 126 Shakespearean Sonnets considered to be addressed to a boy?
How is the forest a symbol in "The Scarlet Letter"?
What is the highest literary award?
What's the difference between a poem and well-written prose?
Have any of you read the novel "Enduring Love"?
Would people suggest novels about solitude and isolation like stranded in space, an isolated mansion or isolated northern towns?
Is this passage too dramatic?
What do you think of my first poem (in the comments)?
Are there any books or movies where old flames meet again, stirring up all sorts of feelings, possibly even having an affair?
What are major and minor characters and what is the importance of them both?
What are the uses of the types of poetic devices?
What are some symbols in to kill a mockingbird?
Are there any people that are well known in comedy but also well respected in literature?
In which day of the week The Hindu literary Review gets published? And in what frequency?
Which is the best book written ever?
What are some famous poems with oxymorons?
What is the technique to understand and learn the long answers in English literature of background prose and topics? How do I elaborate it?
In the modern European drama, what all important questions are there in the plays and background prose and topics in English literature?
How do I write answers in a literary Criticism paper?
What's the difference between reading a novel by yourself and reading one in a college English literature class? Do you learn just as much or less?
Why was there a pile of ice outside the courthouse in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962 Movie)?
What are some interesting laws of physics that can be thought of poetically?
What is a really good prose piece about insomnia?
Are there any old/classic books written in African languages?
What are the best poems that convey loneliness?
Is "Hamilton" a novel that written in the form of a song?
I want to have a name to for inter school competition in English literature?
Why do you think my literature professor strongly stated that music has to be the most important form of art over literature, visual art, and such?
If you had to choose between William Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway, who would you pick and why?
What are some funny literature jokes?
Is the Internet nowadays the video tape from Infinite Jest?
Why does Westworld have so many literary references?
What are the forms of literature?
Which literary works do you like?
Why are novels and short-stories written in the third person almost always done so in the past tense?
What are the main themes of modern poetry?
What is the technique to learn our own notes in English literature for background prose and topics in modern European drama?
What languages did Dante use in his works other than The Divine Comedy?
What are the key issues to consider when writing a literature review for master's students?
How can you identify irony in a story?
How do I write a systematic literature review?
Do politics and literature come across at a same instance?
What are the first and second voices in "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"? Do they represent anything?
Does Shanda Literature own the copyright for stories submitted to their site?
What does the title of the short story written by William Sydney Porter's “Mammon and the Archer” mean?
What does "云雨" mean in Chinese traditional literatures?
How do I organize a Socratic seminar in school?
Do poets think about the meaning between the lines of the poetry when they write?
Why did David Foster Wallace feel that his generation was particularly depressed?
What's the book with chapter 1 being "the day of the disappearance"?
Would you like to try your hand at capturing the sounds and traditions of a specific rural region in a story written in English poetic prose?
How realistic is the swordfight at the end of Polanski's Macbeth?
How can I make a good short story?
I just read "The Catcher in the Rye", and I was underwhelmed. Am I just not smart enough to appreciate it?
Is Telugu language rich in literature?
What is alliteration and why is it used in poems?
How pages are needed for a poetry book?
