Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
What are the best love life hacks?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
What do you love most about Black people?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
What can love do to your heart?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What do you love and what do you hate?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Is there pain in true love?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is love? Why is it important?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
Should I continue to date him?
Is falling in love really irrational?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What does “love yourself” mean?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
What is love like in real life?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Why not make love and war?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
Does true love happens more than one time?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
How do I find a genuine partner?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Is respect more important than love?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
How often should you make love?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What is the full form of LSD?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
What are examples of good love lines?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
What are the things in love?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
What should I do, if I didn't love my boyfriend anymore? We have been together for six years.
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
Can autistic people fall in love?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
How much do you love the weekend?
How will you love your country?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
What is appropriate in love and sex?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
Do you think that love is overrated?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
Does Gray love Juvia?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
What do you mean by I love you?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Where can I learn how to love well?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do you love an Aries woman?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
What is a romantic one liner?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
What is silent​ love​?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
If she left me, will she come back?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
What do you think about love?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Does she not love me?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
Why do kids love reading?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
Can love be simple and quiet?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why do successful people fail in love?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Why does a person need to be loved?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
Why does everybody love pi?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What is love? Why is it important?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
Do I love him or not?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
What is your failure love story?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
Why do we have types?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How do I love someone who is unique?
How does one continue after failing in love?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
When do you love your mother?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Is relationship base on love?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Who loves sape?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Who are you? Define!
What is love, is it friendship?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
Can you be lovers and friends?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
I really love Pakistan, why?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How bad can first love be?
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
How do I love reading?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
Why is self-love so important?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Is rain romantic?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What do you mean by I love you?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
How do I become a loving husband?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
What are the ways to love yourself?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Why do you love someone?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
What happens next after you fail in love?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
Which is greater, love or respect?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
Why does love even exist?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
What are the best love life hacks?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Can we create feelings like love?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
What do you love most about Black people?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Why does a person need to be loved?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
What can love do to your heart?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Is there pain in true love?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
What made you fall in love with India?
Why does everybody love pi?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is love? Why is it important?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Should I continue to date him?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
Is falling in love really irrational?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What does “love yourself” mean?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love like in real life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
How do I start a relationship in college?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Why not make love and war?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Do I love him or not?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
How does one continue after failing in love?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How do I find a genuine partner?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
When do you love your mother?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Is respect more important than love?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
Is relationship base on love?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
How can I know if she still loves me?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
How often should you make love?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
Do you love your school?
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What is the full form of LSD?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What are the things in love?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Who are you? Define!
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
What is love, is it friendship?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Can autistic people fall in love?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
I really love Pakistan, why?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
What wins, love or money?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
What is appropriate in love and sex?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How bad can first love be?
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
Why do I still love my ex husband?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Do you think that love is overrated?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
How do I love reading?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
Does Gray love Juvia?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why is self-love so important?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How do I like/love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
What do you mean by I love you?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
Where can I learn how to love well?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
How do you love an Aries woman?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
How can I make my husband to love me again after I cheated on him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
If she left me, will she come back?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
What if someone says I love you to you?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
What do you think about love?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Is love really an offence?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What are the ways to love yourself?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
Why do kids love reading?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why do you love someone?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Why do successful people fail in love?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Which is greater, love or respect?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Why does love even exist?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
What are the best love life hacks?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Can we create feelings like love?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
What do you love most about Black people?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Why does a person need to be loved?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Is there pain in true love?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
What made you fall in love with India?
Why does everybody love pi?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is love? Why is it important?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Should I continue to date him?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What does “love yourself” mean?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love like in real life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
How do I start a relationship in college?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Why not make love and war?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Do I love him or not?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
How does one continue after failing in love?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How do I find a genuine partner?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
When do you love your mother?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Is relationship base on love?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
How can I know if she still loves me?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
Is respect more important than love?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
How often should you make love?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Do you love your school?
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What is the full form of LSD?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What are the things in love?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Who are you? Define!
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
What is love, is it friendship?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Can autistic people fall in love?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
I really love Pakistan, why?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
What wins, love or money?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
What is appropriate in love and sex?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How bad can first love be?
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
What is the greatest love of all?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Do you think that love is overrated?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
How do I love reading?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
Does Gray love Juvia?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why is self-love so important?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How do I like/love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What do you mean by I love you?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
Did you fall in love for the second time?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
Where can I learn how to love well?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
How do you love an Aries woman?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
How do I become a loving husband?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
What is a romantic one liner?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
If she left me, will she come back?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
What if someone says I love you to you?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
What do you think about love?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
Is love really an offence?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What are the ways to love yourself?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
Why do kids love reading?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why do you love someone?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Why do successful people fail in love?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Which is greater, love or respect?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Why does love even exist?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
What are the best love life hacks?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Can we create feelings like love?
Is it stupidity to dream about love everytime at the age of 18?
How do we know someone you have met on a dating site is actually in love with you?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
What do you love most about Black people?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Why does a person need to be loved?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Can I train two kittens to live only within the protected confines of my property and not indoor and still receive love and attention from them?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
This guy at my school accuses me of spamming his hangouts. How do I prove to him that I'm not?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
How long does it take to get over an ex? How long should you wait to move on?
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
I wish I could find a girl that cares about me, to love me and to just talk to, but I am very afraid to talk to women, what could I do?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
How do you stop thinking about someone you might never see again?
What's love from your point of view?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
How should we tell a guy if I have some feelings for him?
There was "puppy love" in hindsight, when do we reach adult domesticated carnivorous mammal love?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
What should someone do if they want a relationship with two or more people at once?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Is there pain in true love?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
What made you fall in love with India?
What is love for a Bengali girl, after a breakup?
How long do sane people wait for someone they love? In their twenties? Thirties? Forties? Fifties? Sixties? Does age matter?
Why does everybody love pi?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
What is love? Why is it important?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
What’s the best love compatibility for an Aries?
How can I overcome the guy I loved and he broke up with me for someone else?
Is there any secret love going between Prabhas and Anushka?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Should I continue to date him?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
She loves him but I want to make her love me. How?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
I like him, he's kind, sweet and quite good looking. But why do I feel like that is something holding me from falling deeper in love with him?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What does “love yourself” mean?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love like in real life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
What are some reasons can a healthy, financially secure individual with a loving family have to be unhappy in life?
How can I promote beauty of anime among the anime-haters (especially European comic readers and strict guardians) and make them fall in love with anime?
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
How do I start a relationship in college?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Do you have a song that symbolises your Love for your partner?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
Have you lost your ambition because of the heartbreak?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Why not make love and war?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Do I love him or not?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
When is too early to say I love you?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
How do I decide whom to marry between my boyfriend and someone who loves me more than my boyfriend?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
What is the most impossible but successful love story you know?
What do you love about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
How do I get over a relationship when we both love each other but can't be together?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What happens if a girl you love (and she loves you back) takes you for granted?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
What should you do if you are in love with someone that you know you can't have a future with?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What should I do with my boyfriend in a long-distance relationship? He hates to communicate over the phone but he loves me.
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
How can I breakup with her, if I love her so much and I promised her I will never leave her no matter what, but she denies that she has a daughter with an ex?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
Does anyone love food as much as me?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Should I wait to fall in love with my partner or find a new partner?
Why is it said that you should keep your love life private, and what does this statement actually mean?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
What constitutes relationship experience before entering a relationship?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
This girl likes me, so I get her Snapchat and start texting her. But she seemed uninterested. Now I'm ignoring her. Am I making the right choice?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
If your dog got used to his new loving family, have you ever met his former owner and had the impression that it would still prefer to go back to him?
Why do we get hurt when our loved ones don't understand us? Why do we get hurt a lot when we try to fix the problem, even if it's not because of us?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
What can happen when someone with BPD is truly abandoned by everyone they love?
How do I get my long-distance girlfriend back after a breakup?
Why do we have types?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
What is the real reason between love and hate?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
What does "I love you anyway" mean?
How does one continue after failing in love?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How do I find a genuine partner?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
What is the reason that very few people manage to find true love/partners through dating apps like Grindr, Scruff etc.?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
When do you love your mother?
How did you survive your breakup?
What is true love and what is sex?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I have fallen out of love with her and that I don't need her anymore?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
How should I confess to my crush? I am leaving in 2 weeks and I want him to know I like him.
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
Is it possible for a man to love a woman who is not his relative in a non-romantic way, i.e no physical attraction?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
Is respect more important than love?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
Is relationship base on love?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
How can I know if she still loves me?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
How often should you make love?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
I put a date with the girl who has fallen for me. She didn't come for some reasons. Should I give her another chance?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Do you love your school?
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
My boyfriend broke up with me and I know that he loves me as much as I love him and so I don't want to lose him, what should I do?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
What is the full form of LSD?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
What is love? What is lust? What do both stand for?
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
What is the song after a love spell is cast?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
How do I move beyond my imagination being enough, into reality?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
Does starting to have feelings for someone equal falling in love? What's the difference?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
How can I divert my mind from a failed love life and concentrate on my studies?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Who loves first, boys or girls?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
What are the things in love?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What’s the best love compatibility for a Taurus?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Who are you? Define!
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
What is love, is it friendship?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
What does it mean when you confess "I like you" to your crush but he doesn't respond?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
I’ve fallen in love with a girl, and she likes me too. But she is going to other country for further study, what should I do?
Our first date lasted over 3 hours. I went for a kiss after a hug at the end of the night, but she shook her head no. Is it time to move on?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single, but today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. I want us to work, but what do I do now?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
People say there are many fish in the sea after a break up. What happens to this thought once they find someone with whom they'd like to marry?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Can autistic people fall in love?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
I really love Pakistan, why?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What words do you have for that person who is not so secretly in love with you, but they think it’s a secret?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Why women love travelling?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
How can you tell if a narcissist has truly fallen in love?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
How can I make my brother love music?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
Why I have become so desperate to find love and sex after my breakup? How can I overcome this?
What would you suggest for someone who believes in nothing, apart from love but isn't currently in love, so finds little purpose?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
What are the things that you love being a granparent?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
What are some of the best love statuses?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
What wins, love or money?
Can love just vanish for someone when you've found someone better?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
I was with a girl for a long time, I noticed her feet were pointed at me most of the time. Does she like me?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
Is it possible to hate someone you love more than anything?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Everything is fair in love and war, but when it comes to love, is it necessary to make war?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
What is appropriate in love and sex?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How bad can first love be?
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
What is the greatest love of all?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
Why do I still love my ex husband?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What's some good coping advice for someone who can love others but will never be loved?
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
What is a job that I will love to do for 100 years?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Do you think that love is overrated?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
My high school boyfriend of one month told me he loves me. What do I do?
Is it possible for a man to love two women?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
How do you know if a person is very much in love with you when you haven't met yet?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
How do I love reading?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
Is the Kolmogorov complexity ever found in the love life of couples or in dating?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
You’ve been in relationship for 20 years, then you find out that your partner cheated on you. Would you leave the relationship?
Does Gray love Juvia?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
Why is self-love so important?
Can love be induced? 'He loves you more than words can define'—can this be the reason to fall for him?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
What is the most hurtful thing to do when it comes to love?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
Nowadays, why do people fall in love with many people?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
What is the dark side of a falling in love with a hot and sexy girl?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
How do I show my daughter I do love her?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Are we supposed to share our dark side and secrets to our lover? Or is it ok to keep a dark secret part?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How do I like/love myself?
Why do we love our car when we don't love our health/body?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
What can I do if I overdid asking a girl that she loves me or not? And finally she informed her mom, blocked my contacts and told me to walky own path!
Is rain romantic?
Who is your love?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
How do you get over someone you deeply loved that betrayed you?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Should I immigrate to Philippines when I know no-one, no job but a loving obsession with the country?
A girl cheated on me and is doing the same thing with others. How can I make her realize that she is doing wrong? What could be her motive?
What do you mean by I love you?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
How do I let someone I'm in a relationship with to know my worth when they seem to forget it?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
Did you fall in love for the second time?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
How do I make my crush fall in love with me, when we barely know each other?
Can one still love someone and, yet, not accept everything about them?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
My present lover has a problem with my hyperactive sexual history with my ex. It is damaging my relationship. What should I do?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
Where can I learn how to love well?
If Lyanna loved Rhaegar why did she want to live without him? (She said to Ned, "I don't want to die.")
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
Is love an attraction in 11-to-20 year olds?
A girl said that she loves me. I didn’t give her an answer yet.I am just not sure if I love her. She's not that attractive. Should I say yes to her?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
Why can't two people who care a great deal and share a profound bond with each other just be together?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
Does Littlefinger love his biological family?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
Is it legally possible for a 23-year-old boy to love a 17-year-old girl in India?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
Is love worth it?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Why is it that women love soft toys and strong muscular men too? I mean they are poles apart, aren't they?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Whom do men love more, their mothers or their wives?
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
How do you seal a heart in love? I fell in love with someone in October. I felt electricity running. He cheated on me. I should stop thinking about him.
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
What are some questions to think/ask myself about if I really do love her?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
I really like this girl, but she has an STD. What should I do?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
How do we learn to love if we've had precious little of it in our lives?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why do so many people think that you should only be in a relationship with one person at a time?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
How do you love an Aries woman?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it called 'heart break' while nothing is physically broken in the heart?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
Can a man with low EQ truly love a woman? Can he learn to express his feelings? Is it worth sticking around with someone like that?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
If a lady is in her 40s and hasn't find her love yet, what should she do?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
Is India one of the most hated or one of the most loved country around the world? Why?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
How do I fall in love with the gym?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
Is it possible to fall in love with my partner again?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why do I feel the need to push people away when I'm starting to fall in love with them?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
If she left me, will she come back?
Did Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava ever fell in love with an Indian girl?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
What if someone says I love you to you?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
What is an unexplainable love?
How does an INTJ deal with unrequited love?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
What do you think about love?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
How can I express my immense love to my boyfriend?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
Is love really an offence?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
If my girlfriend lives from several timezones away after me, can I say that she's a girl from yesterday?
How do you "love" more?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
Have you ever passed up a great job opportunity to pursue a relationship with someone whom you love? Was it worth it?
He says he loves me but he can also be distant. Does he have real love for me? I need romance but does he show it?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What are the ways to love yourself?
Why does no one talk about how much it hurts leaving someone you love because you have to grow as a person on your own?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
Why don’t some people respect love?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
There is a girl who has a crush on me everyone think I like her too. But I actually love another. Which one should I choose?
How can someone ask his girlfriend to marry him if they are in a long-distance relationship?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
Why do kids love reading?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How long do you wait to find out if you really are in love with a person?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
At what moment of our life do we experience true love?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why do you love someone?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
What should I do if I like a girl in college but she already has a boyfriend?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
What are the most memorable things you've had a girlfriend do that further proved her love?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
Why do I feel in love with every girl I see or meet and talk with?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
Do you love being an adult?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
Can love be simple and quiet?
How does it feel for someone who has a lover that lost interest in them?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How do you know your ex still has feelings for you even though she says she doesn't?
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Why do successful people fail in love?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
What is the worst thing that happened after your heartbreak?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
What did you prioritise in your life: love, a career, or your family, and why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Do doctors operate on their loved ones? How easy is it?
Which is greater, love or respect?
What is your worst heartbreak story? Did you ever get over your first love?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Why does love even exist?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
Is it wrong to fall in love with ex-wife's daughter?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
Can someone forget someone they love the most?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Do you think is it compulsory nowadays to have a girlfriend even if you don't love her?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
How do we know someone you have met on a dating site is actually in love with you?
If an addict chooses their drug over their loved one are they selfish?
What do you love most about Black people?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
What are the meanings of “love for respect” and “respect in love”?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
How do you stop thinking about someone you might never see again?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Is a one-sided love good or bad?
How is your experience with doing business with your boyfriend or girlfriend?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What made you fall in love with India?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Should I continue to date him?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
I like him, he's kind, sweet and quite good looking. But why do I feel like that is something holding me from falling deeper in love with him?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
What is love like in real life?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
How can I promote beauty of anime among the anime-haters (especially European comic readers and strict guardians) and make them fall in love with anime?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Should I accept a guy who got rejected by me 5 times but still loves me? He has been very nice to me, but I have a sad past, and we both were born single.
How do I overcome from the pain when someone to whom you love the most leaves you confusing?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
How do I decide whom to marry between my boyfriend and someone who loves me more than my boyfriend?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
What is the most impossible but successful love story you know?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
How can I dedicate myself towards the thing I love to do?
How can I know if the woman I love feels pity for me instead of love?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I make myself comfortable in speaking in front of my loved ones?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
What is true love and what is sex?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I have fallen out of love with her and that I don't need her anymore?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
How often should you make love?
How do I know that I'm in love and that it’s not an obsession?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
How do I move beyond my imagination being enough, into reality?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
What’s the best love compatibility for a Taurus?
Who are you? Define!
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
How do you forget someone forever?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
What does it mean when you confess "I like you" to your crush but he doesn't respond?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
I’ve fallen in love with a girl, and she likes me too. But she is going to other country for further study, what should I do?
Our first date lasted over 3 hours. I went for a kiss after a hug at the end of the night, but she shook her head no. Is it time to move on?
What should you do if you love someone who hates you?
How can you forgive someone you love who tried to kill themselves?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single, but today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. I want us to work, but what do I do now?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
People say there are many fish in the sea after a break up. What happens to this thought once they find someone with whom they'd like to marry?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
Can autistic people fall in love?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do you let go of a person who truly loves you?
How can you tell if two people (besides yourself) are in love?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
Will anyone ever compare to your first love?
What words do you have for that person who is not so secretly in love with you, but they think it’s a secret?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
How can you tell if a narcissist has truly fallen in love?
How can I make my brother love music?
Why I have become so desperate to find love and sex after my breakup? How can I overcome this?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
How do we learn to love if we've had precious little of it in our lives?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Everything is fair in love and war, but when it comes to love, is it necessary to make war?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
Can someone evoke love wherever they go?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What is a job that I will love to do for 100 years?
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
How do you know if a guy's the right one? On what basis do you accept a proposal from a guy?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
My high school boyfriend of one month told me he loves me. What do I do?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Is it possible for a man to love two women?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
I fell in love with a guy over the phone. He feels the same about me although we never met, is it really love?
Why does heart represent love?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Is the Kolmogorov complexity ever found in the love life of couples or in dating?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Are there any tips for making love to taller women?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
Can love be induced? 'He loves you more than words can define'—can this be the reason to fall for him?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How did Quora change your love life?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Are we supposed to share our dark side and secrets to our lover? Or is it ok to keep a dark secret part?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
How do I decide whether or not to date someone? I’ve met very nice guys but just can't seem to want to be with them. I feel like I'm waiting to fall in love.
How does it feel for a woman to make love with another woman?
Who is your love?
What do you mean by I love you?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Does pure love still exist?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
My present lover has a problem with my hyperactive sexual history with my ex. It is damaging my relationship. What should I do?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Is love an attraction in 11-to-20 year olds?
My dad told me repeatedly that I don't love him for years. How do I fix my relationship with my father?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
How do you cope with missing someone and always wondering about them as far as who they're with and what they are doing?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Is love worth it?
Why is it that women love soft toys and strong muscular men too? I mean they are poles apart, aren't they?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What are some real conversation of love proposal?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
I really like this girl, but she has an STD. What should I do?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How do you love an Aries woman?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Can a man with low EQ truly love a woman? Can he learn to express his feelings? Is it worth sticking around with someone like that?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
If a lady is in her 40s and hasn't find her love yet, what should she do?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
How do we know that it is a final breakup with one whom we love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
The girl I like thinks that I'm a waste of space on this earth. She thinks that I'd be better off dead. Should I agree with her?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
What is an unexplainable love?
How does an INTJ deal with unrequited love?
What do you think about love?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
How can I know whether the girl is loving?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
Have you ever passed up a great job opportunity to pursue a relationship with someone whom you love? Was it worth it?
He says he loves me but he can also be distant. Does he have real love for me? I need romance but does he show it?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
There is a girl who has a crush on me everyone think I like her too. But I actually love another. Which one should I choose?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What are the most memorable things you've had a girlfriend do that further proved her love?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
How does it feel for someone who has a lover that lost interest in them?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How do you know your ex still has feelings for you even though she says she doesn't?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
After she left me, she told me she hopes that we get back together in a few years. Today, she's telling me that she doesn't want to anymore. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Has any IITIAN guy or girl been in a relationship since his JEE preparation days and finally married the love of his life?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Is it stupidity to dream about love everytime at the age of 18?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
Have you been passive in a position to keep someone you love?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What should a guy do if a girl is not interested in love, but she accepts his proposal just to pass the time?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
This guy at my school accuses me of spamming his hangouts. How do I prove to him that I'm not?
What if your romantic partner was of another gender? Would you still love them?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
Is some vulgarity needed in lovebird’s romantic conversations?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Can you ever forget your childhood love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it okay for a 25-year-old boy and a 20-year-old girl to fall in love? Is it okay for them to think of getting married in the future?
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Is there any secret love going between Prabhas and Anushka?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can a person love again after being betrayed and cheated on the past relationship?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
What does “love yourself” mean?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
What are some reasons can a healthy, financially secure individual with a loving family have to be unhappy in life?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
How do I differentiate between being in love and feeling loved?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
What is the name of the Hindi song, sung by a man, with the words: "layao mat choro" and "sunny Leone mery jaan he"?
How do I get over a relationship when we both love each other but can't be together?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What should you do if you are in love with someone that you know you can't have a future with?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Does anyone love food as much as me?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Should I wait to fall in love with my partner or find a new partner?
Are your feelings misinterpreted when you love someone from a distance because you feel like they don't like you?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
If your dog got used to his new loving family, have you ever met his former owner and had the impression that it would still prefer to go back to him?
Why do we get hurt when our loved ones don't understand us? Why do we get hurt a lot when we try to fix the problem, even if it's not because of us?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
How do you know if a person has been in love before?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
Biologically, what creates that special feeling of love in your stomach?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What does a girl's silence generally mean in love matter?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Is relationship base on love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Do you love your school?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
Do girls love handsome guys or guys who have good behaviour and character?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
Do you think that everybody who is spamming loves it?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
How do you get over the pain of someone leaving you?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do women love being a mistress?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
I really love Pakistan, why?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Why women love travelling?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Do men love to cruise whom they love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
What are the things that you love being a granparent?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
How bad can first love be?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Were you ever in love with someone who suddenly left you without a closure or apology?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
What is the best way to handle unrequited love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
Do you think that love is overrated?
Is it possible for someone to never fall in love? Attractions & bonds that last 2-3 months don’t count.
How do you know if a person is very much in love with you when you haven't met yet?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
What is the dark side of a falling in love with a hot and sexy girl?
What is the best way to help someone with BPD be happy and love life?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
How do I show my daughter I do love her?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
How do you get over someone you deeply loved that betrayed you?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
If Lyanna loved Rhaegar why did she want to live without him? (She said to Ned, "I don't want to die.")
Where can I learn how to love well?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What do you think about the situation?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
Is it legally possible for a 23-year-old boy to love a 17-year-old girl in India?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
How can I forget him if we have a daughter?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
I'm not sure I've ever loved my parents. I'm a healthy and functioning adult otherwise. What's wrong with me?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
Does a teen know what true love is?
Two active meth addicts began dating. She says it's love. Is it really love or the drugs making her feel in love?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
How can I express my immense love to my boyfriend?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
Why don’t some people respect love?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
Is it possible to hate someone you love more than anything?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Is it normal to get sad if my parents tell me they love me?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I have known this woman for 47 years. She said she loves me like a brother. I'm in love with her. What should I do?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
When two people are in love, why does the third one come in between them?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
Did anyone find his/her first love on the Delhi/Mumbai metro?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
What's the feeling when female make love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
What are the best love life hacks?
Can we create feelings like love?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Where will love take you? To what extent will it influence people?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
My parents did not want me to date this girl because of her family background. What should I do?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
There was "puppy love" in hindsight, when do we reach adult domesticated carnivorous mammal love?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
Is there pain in true love?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
What is love for a Bengali girl, after a breakup?
How long do sane people wait for someone they love? In their twenties? Thirties? Forties? Fifties? Sixties? Does age matter?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Can someone forget someone they love the most?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
How can I overcome the guy I loved and he broke up with me for someone else?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love? How can it be explained in a single line?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I start a relationship in college?
What would you suggest for someone who believes in nothing, apart from love but isn't currently in love, so finds little purpose?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How can we realise god or how can we experience that infinite love?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Do you have a song that symbolises your Love for your partner?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
When is too early to say I love you?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
What do you love about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What happens if a girl you love (and she loves you back) takes you for granted?
What should I do with my boyfriend in a long-distance relationship? He hates to communicate over the phone but he loves me.
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
How can I breakup with her, if I love her so much and I promised her I will never leave her no matter what, but she denies that she has a daughter with an ex?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
What can happen when someone with BPD is truly abandoned by everyone they love?
How do I get my long-distance girlfriend back after a breakup?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is it possible to be a love addict?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
What should you do to unlove someone you love?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
What does "I love you anyway" mean?
How does one continue after failing in love?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How should I confess to my crush? I am leaving in 2 weeks and I want him to know I like him.
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
He says that my voice makes him become erect through the phone, and he says he loves me. Is that normal?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
Is it possible for a man to love a woman who is not his relative in a non-romantic way, i.e no physical attraction?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Is respect more important than love?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
How can I know if she still loves me?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
I put a date with the girl who has fallen for me. She didn't come for some reasons. Should I give her another chance?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What is love? What is lust? What do both stand for?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I am engaged to a stranger, which was arranged by our family. I'm beginning to have feelings for her, but I found out she has a boyfriend. What should I do?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
Does starting to have feelings for someone equal falling in love? What's the difference?
How can I divert my mind from a failed love life and concentrate on my studies?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What is love, is it friendship?
She stopped loving me somewhere. She didn't want to admit it. Do I call off the relationship?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
How do you feel when you've met your soulmate? I feel like I've met mine after he contacted me after 3 years.
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
What are some of the best love statuses?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
Can love just vanish for someone when you've found someone better?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What's some good coping advice for someone who can love others but will never be loved?
Nowadays, why do people fall in love with many people?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
How do I love reading?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Does Gray love Juvia?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Why is self-love so important?
Can a narcisscist really want to and actually only be with just one person?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
How do I like/love myself?
Why do we love our car when we don't love our health/body?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
A girl cheated on me and is doing the same thing with others. How can I make her realize that she is doing wrong? What could be her motive?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
I broke up with my girl cause she said I used her, I didn't even have sex because she didn't seem comfortable. I felt disgusted and hurt, was I right?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Did you fall in love for the second time?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
How do I make my crush fall in love with me, when we barely know each other?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
Does Littlefinger love his biological family?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
How do you seal a heart in love? I fell in love with someone in October. I felt electricity running. He cheated on me. I should stop thinking about him.
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
What does sans love?
What are some questions to think/ask myself about if I really do love her?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
If love were a colour, what would it be and why?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it called 'heart break' while nothing is physically broken in the heart?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Have you lost your ambition because of the heartbreak?
I was with a girl for a long time, I noticed her feet were pointed at me most of the time. Does she like me?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Is it possible to fall in love with my partner again?
Why do I feel the need to push people away when I'm starting to fall in love with them?
Why do people let themselves fall in love even when they have an experience of being avoided?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
If she left me, will she come back?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
Why do we love our dear country Azerbaijan so much so fanatically?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
What are the ways to love yourself?
Why does no one talk about how much it hurts leaving someone you love because you have to grow as a person on your own?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
At what moment of our life do we experience true love?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
Is this correct: “Thank you Lord Jesus for loving me unconditionally with the love that even mother can't show.”?
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
Why do people love California?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Do you ever really love your mom after she hurt you?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
What is the worst thing that happened after your heartbreak?
Why do some people love California?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
How can we realise God or experience that infinite love?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Do doctors operate on their loved ones? How easy is it?
What is your worst heartbreak story? Did you ever get over your first love?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
My boyfriend broke up with me and I know that he loves me as much as I love him and so I don't want to lose him, what should I do?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
What will you choose? Unconditional love of your parents or true love of your partner
Why does a person need to be loved?
Can I train two kittens to live only within the protected confines of my property and not indoor and still receive love and attention from them?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it posible to make love to someone you don't like?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Which would you choose, a man you love or a man who loves you?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
I wish I could find a girl that cares about me, to love me and to just talk to, but I am very afraid to talk to women, what could I do?
What's love from your point of view?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
How should we tell a guy if I have some feelings for him?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
What should someone do if they want a relationship with two or more people at once?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
Why does everybody love pi?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
What is love? Why is it important?
What’s the best love compatibility for an Aries?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
Is it easy to ignore someone who is in love with you & you are also in love with him?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How do I overcome the heartache from missing somebody whom I love, even if I know that the relationship will lead to nowhere?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
She loves him but I want to make her love me. How?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How do I know if I love somebody or if it's just a crush?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
I'm going out with someone, but I don't "love" her. I have a limited amount of affection for said person. Should I keep going out with her?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
Why not make love and war?
Do I love him or not?
Is it okay to tell a guy you don't know how to kiss? And if so how do you tell him?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What should you do when someone you love is in a difficult situation?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
Why is it said that you should keep your love life private, and what does this statement actually mean?
What constitutes relationship experience before entering a relationship?
This girl likes me, so I get her Snapchat and start texting her. But she seemed uninterested. Now I'm ignoring her. Am I making the right choice?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Why do we fall in love when it's too late?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
What do u think is difference between love (love we make) and sex?
How do I find a genuine partner?
What is the reason that very few people manage to find true love/partners through dating apps like Grindr, Scruff etc.?
Am I the only one disliking love songs?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
How did you survive your breakup?
When do you love your mother?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is the full form of LSD?
What is the song after a love spell is cast?
How should I feel after sharing an embarrassing moment I had with my sister when I was 7 and then she says that she doesn't remember that?
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Do girls love guys with good character?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
What are the things in love?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Should we just settle down with someone good enough or should we keep hoping for love?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
What shall I make for my mum as a birthday present? I want it to be special and show her how much I love her.
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
Have you ever had an "I love my life" moment? When was it?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Should I write to my girl's mum telling of my love for her daughter who cares about me? Her mum told her our union may not work, as I don't speak Romanian.
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
There is this girl I like but I don't have a future with her should I confess my feelings or let it go?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What wins, love or money?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
How do I overcome this problem?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
I am isolated from my family, I like to show them love by achieving work or wealth. Is it ok to have a different method of loving your family?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
What is the greatest love of all?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
How long does it take to get over an ex? How long should you wait to move on?
What is the real reason between love and hate?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
If love were a season, what would it be and why?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
You’ve been in relationship for 20 years, then you find out that your partner cheated on you. Would you leave the relationship?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What is the most hurtful thing to do when it comes to love?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
How can I figure out how to live my life when I don’t love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
What can I do if I overdid asking a girl that she loves me or not? And finally she informed her mom, blocked my contacts and told me to walky own path!
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
Should I immigrate to Philippines when I know no-one, no job but a loving obsession with the country?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
How can love be defined in a true way?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
How do I let someone I'm in a relationship with to know my worth when they seem to forget it?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Can one still love someone and, yet, not accept everything about them?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
A girl said that she loves me. I didn’t give her an answer yet.I am just not sure if I love her. She's not that attractive. Should I say yes to her?
Why can't two people who care a great deal and share a profound bond with each other just be together?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why do so many people think that you should only be in a relationship with one person at a time?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
There’s this guy I met 2 yrs ago. I fell in love with him the second I saw him. I never felt that immensely attracted to anyone. Should I tell him now?
What should I do if I love a guy who is Muslim but I don’t want to change my religion?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
Is India one of the most hated or one of the most loved country around the world? Why?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
How do I fall in love with the gym?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
Did Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava ever fell in love with an Indian girl?
What if someone says I love you to you?
What is the longest amount of time you could love someone?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Why do we block people we once loved?
Can you fall for someone you are not physically attracted to?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Is love really an offence?
If my girlfriend lives from several timezones away after me, can I say that she's a girl from yesterday?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
How can someone ask his girlfriend to marry him if they are in a long-distance relationship?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
Why do kids love reading?
How long do you wait to find out if you really are in love with a person?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do you become motivated to practice something you love, even if you're not good at it?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
I don't love my long distance girlfriend anymore but she still loves me a lot, what should I do?
Why do you love someone?
What should I do if I like a girl in college but she already has a boyfriend?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Why do I feel in love with every girl I see or meet and talk with?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Do you regret your first love? As in falling in love with the wrong person and wasting years of your life on that wrong person.
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why do successful people fail in love?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What did you prioritise in your life: love, a career, or your family, and why?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Why don't we fall out of love with our parents or siblings unlike a person we thought of as a soulmate once?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
Which is greater, love or respect?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
Is it wrong to fall in love with ex-wife's daughter?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Why does love even exist?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Do you think is it compulsory nowadays to have a girlfriend even if you don't love her?
Whom do men love more, their mothers or their wives?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
How do we know someone you have met on a dating site is actually in love with you?
If an addict chooses their drug over their loved one are they selfish?
What do you love most about Black people?
How do you tell if an Aquarius man is in love?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Unfortunately most women are only interested in men if they say yes to everything, have money or are sexually gifted. What happened to love?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
What are the meanings of “love for respect” and “respect in love”?
Does he love me although he said he doesn’t?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
How do you stop thinking about someone you might never see again?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
What are the planetary combinations for a love marriage?
Is a one-sided love good or bad?
How is your experience with doing business with your boyfriend or girlfriend?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What made you fall in love with India?
If you hate someone, does it mean you still love him?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Should I continue to date him?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
I like him, he's kind, sweet and quite good looking. But why do I feel like that is something holding me from falling deeper in love with him?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
What is love like in real life?
If love is a spiritual connection, then why do we try to assign human traits, such as gender, to love?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
A girl right now loves me a lot, but she had an ex-boyfriend before. What do I do? Should I accept her or not?
How can I promote beauty of anime among the anime-haters (especially European comic readers and strict guardians) and make them fall in love with anime?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Should I accept a guy who got rejected by me 5 times but still loves me? He has been very nice to me, but I have a sad past, and we both were born single.
What is like to grow up in a loving, well adjusted family?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
How do I decide whom to marry between my boyfriend and someone who loves me more than my boyfriend?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
What is the most impossible but successful love story you know?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
How can I dedicate myself towards the thing I love to do?
How can I know if the woman I love feels pity for me instead of love?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I make myself comfortable in speaking in front of my loved ones?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
What do you think about loving someone so much that even if he cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
What is true love and what is sex?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
What is the chance of never finding true love?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I have fallen out of love with her and that I don't need her anymore?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
How often should you make love?
How do I know that I'm in love and that it’s not an obsession?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
How do I move beyond my imagination being enough, into reality?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
What’s the best love compatibility for a Taurus?
Who are you? Define!
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
How do you forget someone forever?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What does it mean when you confess "I like you" to your crush but he doesn't respond?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
I’ve fallen in love with a girl, and she likes me too. But she is going to other country for further study, what should I do?
Our first date lasted over 3 hours. I went for a kiss after a hug at the end of the night, but she shook her head no. Is it time to move on?
What should you do if you love someone who hates you?
How can you forgive someone you love who tried to kill themselves?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What can I do to move on and forget about a girl? She rejected me, but I keep texting her, and when I see her, I feel very depressed.
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single, but today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. I want us to work, but what do I do now?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
People say there are many fish in the sea after a break up. What happens to this thought once they find someone with whom they'd like to marry?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
Can autistic people fall in love?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do you let go of a person who truly loves you?
How can you tell if two people (besides yourself) are in love?
How can some people love friends more than family?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
Will anyone ever compare to your first love?
What words do you have for that person who is not so secretly in love with you, but they think it’s a secret?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
What are the different stages of modern love?
How can you tell if a narcissist has truly fallen in love?
How can I make my brother love music?
Why I have become so desperate to find love and sex after my breakup? How can I overcome this?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
How do we learn to love if we've had precious little of it in our lives?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Everything is fair in love and war, but when it comes to love, is it necessary to make war?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Have you ever ended a relationship due to your partner’s money mismanagement?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
Can someone evoke love wherever they go?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
If you had to choose between a guy you love, but who earns less, and a guy who earns a lot and loves you, which one would you choose?
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What is a job that I will love to do for 100 years?
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
How do you know if a guy's the right one? On what basis do you accept a proposal from a guy?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
My high school boyfriend of one month told me he loves me. What do I do?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Is it possible for a man to love two women?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
Why does heart represent love?
I fell in love with a guy over the phone. He feels the same about me although we never met, is it really love?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Is the Kolmogorov complexity ever found in the love life of couples or in dating?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Are there any tips for making love to taller women?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
Can we find true love in the UK at the age of around 20?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
Can love be induced? 'He loves you more than words can define'—can this be the reason to fall for him?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Is it possible to fall in love with a robot?
How did Quora change your love life?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Is it possible, as Tolstoy suggests, to live by the law of love without exception?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Are we supposed to share our dark side and secrets to our lover? Or is it ok to keep a dark secret part?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
How do I decide whether or not to date someone? I’ve met very nice guys but just can't seem to want to be with them. I feel like I'm waiting to fall in love.
How does it feel for a woman to make love with another woman?
Who is your love?
What do you mean by I love you?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Does pure love still exist?
How should I handle my stress?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
My present lover has a problem with my hyperactive sexual history with my ex. It is damaging my relationship. What should I do?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How can you know that a girl really loves you and want to spend her life with you?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Is love an attraction in 11-to-20 year olds?
My dad told me repeatedly that I don't love him for years. How do I fix my relationship with my father?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
How do you cope with missing someone and always wondering about them as far as who they're with and what they are doing?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Is love worth it?
Why is it that women love soft toys and strong muscular men too? I mean they are poles apart, aren't they?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
Why do I love him, even though I now know it was a lie?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Why do people pressure me, and others, to find love and expect us to want to do so?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What are some real conversation of love proposal?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
Which kind of love is true?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
I really like this girl, but she has an STD. What should I do?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How do you love an Aries woman?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Can a man with low EQ truly love a woman? Can he learn to express his feelings? Is it worth sticking around with someone like that?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
If a lady is in her 40s and hasn't find her love yet, what should she do?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
She loves someone who doesn't make her happy, who "hurts" her, what can I do to convince her she shouldn't stay with him?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
How do we know that it is a final breakup with one whom we love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
The girl I like thinks that I'm a waste of space on this earth. She thinks that I'd be better off dead. Should I agree with her?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
Can you be in love if you breathe deeper and smoother than you usually do when you remember that person?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
How do you know that your boyfriend loves you, when he seems not caring?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
What are some good shows if I have loved Reign?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
What is an unexplainable love?
How does an INTJ deal with unrequited love?
What do you think about love?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
How can I know whether the girl is loving?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
Have you ever passed up a great job opportunity to pursue a relationship with someone whom you love? Was it worth it?
He says he loves me but he can also be distant. Does he have real love for me? I need romance but does he show it?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
There is a girl who has a crush on me everyone think I like her too. But I actually love another. Which one should I choose?
How do I deal with love failure which I try to forget but keeps coming to me every night?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What are the most memorable things you've had a girlfriend do that further proved her love?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What do you love about doing a PhD?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
How does it feel for someone who has a lover that lost interest in them?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
How do you know your ex still has feelings for you even though she says she doesn't?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
After she left me, she told me she hopes that we get back together in a few years. Today, she's telling me that she doesn't want to anymore. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Has any IITIAN guy or girl been in a relationship since his JEE preparation days and finally married the love of his life?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Is it stupidity to dream about love everytime at the age of 18?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Have you been passive in a position to keep someone you love?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What should a guy do if a girl is not interested in love, but she accepts his proposal just to pass the time?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
This guy at my school accuses me of spamming his hangouts. How do I prove to him that I'm not?
What if your romantic partner was of another gender? Would you still love them?
As a father, do you love your immediate family more than your old 'childhood' family?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
Is some vulgarity needed in lovebird’s romantic conversations?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
Is Melania a victim of Trump? Young and poor from a third world country, she was enticed to the riches even if she really does not love him.
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Can you ever forget your childhood love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it okay for a 25-year-old boy and a 20-year-old girl to fall in love? Is it okay for them to think of getting married in the future?
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
What are the benefits of never falling in love?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Is there any secret love going between Prabhas and Anushka?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can a person love again after being betrayed and cheated on the past relationship?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
What should I do when my girlfriend says she doesn’t love me anymore?
What does “love yourself” mean?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
What are some reasons can a healthy, financially secure individual with a loving family have to be unhappy in life?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
What is love in actual terms?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
How do I differentiate between being in love and feeling loved?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Should I date this Egyptian girl that I recently met?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
What is the name of the Hindi song, sung by a man, with the words: "layao mat choro" and "sunny Leone mery jaan he"?
Does religion matter in love?
How do I get over a relationship when we both love each other but can't be together?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What should you do if you are in love with someone that you know you can't have a future with?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Does anyone love food as much as me?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Should I wait to fall in love with my partner or find a new partner?
Have you ever hated loving someone?
Are your feelings misinterpreted when you love someone from a distance because you feel like they don't like you?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
If your dog got used to his new loving family, have you ever met his former owner and had the impression that it would still prefer to go back to him?
Why do we get hurt when our loved ones don't understand us? Why do we get hurt a lot when we try to fix the problem, even if it's not because of us?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
How do you know if a person has been in love before?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
Biologically, what creates that special feeling of love in your stomach?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
Who would you choose - a person who you really like, but who doesn't like you, or a person who likes you but you don't feel the same way?
What do you do if you really love your wife and even though she's a good person and pretty you just don't desire her sexually at all?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What does a girl's silence generally mean in love matter?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Is relationship base on love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Do you love your school?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
Do girls love handsome guys or guys who have good behaviour and character?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Are guys willing to wait for the girl they like for 3 years?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
Do you think that everybody who is spamming loves it?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
How do you get over the pain of someone leaving you?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do women love being a mistress?
If one has a crush on two people at the same time, could they consider themselves polyamorous?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
I really love Pakistan, why?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
This girl broke up with me for not eating her homemade samich (sandwich). Why?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Why women love travelling?
Yesterday my boyfriend told me he is bisexual. I love him, but I am not sure if I should break up with him or not. What should I do?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Do men love to cruise whom they love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
What are the things that you love being a granparent?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
How bad can first love be?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Were you ever in love with someone who suddenly left you without a closure or apology?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
What is the best way to handle unrequited love?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
Do you think that love is overrated?
Is it possible for someone to never fall in love? Attractions & bonds that last 2-3 months don’t count.
What does it feel like for lesbian and bisexual women to be in love with a woman?
How do you know if a person is very much in love with you when you haven't met yet?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
Is love more important than a career?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
What is the dark side of a falling in love with a hot and sexy girl?
What is the best way to help someone with BPD be happy and love life?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
I love Netflix and I love reading and I can never seem to do both of them. How can I find the right balance?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
How do I show my daughter I do love her?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Love is never the answer, love is monstrous and viscous, harsh and unkind. Why do people love? I don’t get the appeal.
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
How do you get over someone you deeply loved that betrayed you?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
At what point does a love of money stop being "pro-welfare" and start being "greedy"?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
What 3 words would you say if your lover asked you to say 3 magical words?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
If Lyanna loved Rhaegar why did she want to live without him? (She said to Ned, "I don't want to die.")
Where can I learn how to love well?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What do you think about the situation?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
If they had the choice, would women rather receive a gift of expensive jewelry, or a romantic poem written by the man who loves them?
Is it legally possible for a 23-year-old boy to love a 17-year-old girl in India?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
How can I forget him if we have a daughter?
What is meant by lost love?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
I'm not sure I've ever loved my parents. I'm a healthy and functioning adult otherwise. What's wrong with me?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
Is that emoji a sign of romantic interest?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
How do I 'Love Life'?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
How do I discover myself? I want the detailed process. 'Love yourself, do self-assessment' these short phrases don't help much. Can I have some tips?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
Does a teen know what true love is?
Two active meth addicts began dating. She says it's love. Is it really love or the drugs making her feel in love?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
Why does God send messengers and avatars only for humans?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
I love anything to do with same sex relationships, is this caused by my pansexuality?
How can I express my immense love to my boyfriend?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
Why don’t some people respect love?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
Is it possible to hate someone you love more than anything?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Is it normal to get sad if my parents tell me they love me?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I have known this woman for 47 years. She said she loves me like a brother. I'm in love with her. What should I do?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Which child actors did you have a crush on?
Do girls also fall in love? How do they feel when in love?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Why is making love different from porn?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
When two people are in love, why does the third one come in between them?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
Why are women so quick to fall in love?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
Did anyone find his/her first love on the Delhi/Mumbai metro?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
What's the feeling when female make love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
How should I get over a guy who says he loves me but doesn't want a relationship?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
What is a good way to confess to the girl you love?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
What are the best love life hacks?
Can we create feelings like love?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Where will love take you? To what extent will it influence people?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
My parents did not want me to date this girl because of her family background. What should I do?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
There was "puppy love" in hindsight, when do we reach adult domesticated carnivorous mammal love?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
Is there pain in true love?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
What is love for a Bengali girl, after a breakup?
How long do sane people wait for someone they love? In their twenties? Thirties? Forties? Fifties? Sixties? Does age matter?
How do you feel when the one you love says “all men/women are the same”?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Can someone forget someone they love the most?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
How can I overcome the guy I loved and he broke up with me for someone else?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love? How can it be explained in a single line?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I start a relationship in college?
What would you suggest for someone who believes in nothing, apart from love but isn't currently in love, so finds little purpose?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How can we realise god or how can we experience that infinite love?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Do you have a song that symbolises your Love for your partner?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Which is more important at the age of 22, love or studies?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
When is too early to say I love you?
How can you forgive those who break you out of love, fail to apologise then give you a gift and expect a thank you?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
Can you experience deep, intimate, lasting love with someone you've known for one week?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
What do you love about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What happens if a girl you love (and she loves you back) takes you for granted?
If you had to choose between love and career, what would you choose? Are you ready to risk it all?
What should I do with my boyfriend in a long-distance relationship? He hates to communicate over the phone but he loves me.
Is the problem of not finding love due to the fact that not everyone is attractive?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
What is your relationship/love advice to a 22-23-year-old guy/girl?
How can I breakup with her, if I love her so much and I promised her I will never leave her no matter what, but she denies that she has a daughter with an ex?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What do you do when your father doesn't love you?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
How do you write “I love you my daughter no matter” what in French?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
What can happen when someone with BPD is truly abandoned by everyone they love?
How do I get my long-distance girlfriend back after a breakup?
Has anyone been in love and left because you realized that your partner still loves his/her ex?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is it possible to be a love addict?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
What should you do to unlove someone you love?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
Should I accept him because he loves me if he is short in height (5'3″)?
How can we forget a person and move on if it’s a one-sided love and we are teenagers who talked about almost nothing in school?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
What does "I love you anyway" mean?
How does one continue after failing in love?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How should I confess to my crush? I am leaving in 2 weeks and I want him to know I like him.
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
He says that my voice makes him become erect through the phone, and he says he loves me. Is that normal?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
Is it possible for a man to love a woman who is not his relative in a non-romantic way, i.e no physical attraction?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Is respect more important than love?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
How can I know if she still loves me?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
I put a date with the girl who has fallen for me. She didn't come for some reasons. Should I give her another chance?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
How do I tackle a sweet manipulative girlfriend?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What is love? What is lust? What do both stand for?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I am engaged to a stranger, which was arranged by our family. I'm beginning to have feelings for her, but I found out she has a boyfriend. What should I do?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
Does starting to have feelings for someone equal falling in love? What's the difference?
How can I divert my mind from a failed love life and concentrate on my studies?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What is love, is it friendship?
She stopped loving me somewhere. She didn't want to admit it. Do I call off the relationship?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
What do you think of loving someone so much that even if the person cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
How do you feel when you've met your soulmate? I feel like I've met mine after he contacted me after 3 years.
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
What are some of the best love statuses?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
Can love just vanish for someone when you've found someone better?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a class 12th girl suffer from depression? I was the most fun-loving girl, but now, I don't want to talk to anyone, I can’t concentrate, & I have become silent.
Based off of reality, what is unconditional love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How do I reach the talking stage in dating?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What's some good coping advice for someone who can love others but will never be loved?
Is it possible to fall for a person just because he looks like your boyfriend who is no more?
Nowadays, why do people fall in love with many people?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
How do I love reading?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Does Gray love Juvia?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Why is self-love so important?
Can a narcisscist really want to and actually only be with just one person?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
I'm in love with another girl. I will never be with her because she does not know I exist and I cannot talk to her for some reasons. What can I do?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
Is it necessary to hate the rest of the world if you love someone?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
How do I like/love myself?
Why do we love our car when we don't love our health/body?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
A girl cheated on me and is doing the same thing with others. How can I make her realize that she is doing wrong? What could be her motive?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
I broke up with my girl cause she said I used her, I didn't even have sex because she didn't seem comfortable. I felt disgusted and hurt, was I right?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Did you fall in love for the second time?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
How do I make my crush fall in love with me, when we barely know each other?
What happens when love doesn't work?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
How do you make someone who hates your guts love you?
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
Does Littlefinger love his biological family?
Does lying to someone and keeping secrets really protect the ones we love?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
How do you seal a heart in love? I fell in love with someone in October. I felt electricity running. He cheated on me. I should stop thinking about him.
How do I make my friend love himself?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
What does sans love?
What are some questions to think/ask myself about if I really do love her?
Have you ever met the love of your life only to find out it could not work out for other reasons?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
If love were a colour, what would it be and why?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
What should I do to let a guy admit his feelings for me?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it called 'heart break' while nothing is physically broken in the heart?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Is it wrong to fall in love with your cousin? If not, what should I do to make it acceptable in society?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Have you lost your ambition because of the heartbreak?
I was with a girl for a long time, I noticed her feet were pointed at me most of the time. Does she like me?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Is it possible to fall in love with my partner again?
Why do I feel the need to push people away when I'm starting to fall in love with them?
Why do people let themselves fall in love even when they have an experience of being avoided?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
If she left me, will she come back?
What are the reasons for love failures?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
Why do we love our dear country Azerbaijan so much so fanatically?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
What are the ways to love yourself?
Why does no one talk about how much it hurts leaving someone you love because you have to grow as a person on your own?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
At what moment of our life do we experience true love?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
Is this correct: “Thank you Lord Jesus for loving me unconditionally with the love that even mother can't show.”?
How can I forget the person I love? It’s a one-sided love and I know it won't happen.
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
Why do people love California?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Do you ever really love your mom after she hurt you?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
What is the worst thing that happened after your heartbreak?
Why do we bind someone in our love?
Why do some people love California?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
How can we realise God or experience that infinite love?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Why is love not as satifying as I thought it would be?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Do doctors operate on their loved ones? How easy is it?
What is your worst heartbreak story? Did you ever get over your first love?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
My boyfriend broke up with me and I know that he loves me as much as I love him and so I don't want to lose him, what should I do?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Are romance and eroticism important?
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
What will you choose? Unconditional love of your parents or true love of your partner
Why does a person need to be loved?
Can I train two kittens to live only within the protected confines of my property and not indoor and still receive love and attention from them?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it posible to make love to someone you don't like?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Which would you choose, a man you love or a man who loves you?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can you confess your love to someone you're not sure likes you as much as you do?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
I wish I could find a girl that cares about me, to love me and to just talk to, but I am very afraid to talk to women, what could I do?
What's love from your point of view?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
How should we tell a guy if I have some feelings for him?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
What should someone do if they want a relationship with two or more people at once?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
Why does everybody love pi?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
What is love? Why is it important?
What’s the best love compatibility for an Aries?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
Is it easy to ignore someone who is in love with you & you are also in love with him?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How do I overcome the heartache from missing somebody whom I love, even if I know that the relationship will lead to nowhere?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
She loves him but I want to make her love me. How?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
What should I do to stop thinking about my love?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How do I know if I love somebody or if it's just a crush?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
I'm going out with someone, but I don't "love" her. I have a limited amount of affection for said person. Should I keep going out with her?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
Is it possible to have passionate/intimate sex without loving someone?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
How do I stop indulging in porn and bad TV after being unemployed for so long?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
Why not make love and war?
Do I love him or not?
Is it okay to tell a guy you don't know how to kiss? And if so how do you tell him?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
When did Karan Johar fell in love with Twinkle Khanna?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
Why can't we get over someone who's died, even after several years?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What should you do when someone you love is in a difficult situation?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
How can I make my girlfriend to love me again after she moved on with her first love?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
A really nice guy told me he loves me. I've ignored him so far, and he made me an infographic on why he loves me. What should I do?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
Why is it said that you should keep your love life private, and what does this statement actually mean?
What constitutes relationship experience before entering a relationship?
This girl likes me, so I get her Snapchat and start texting her. But she seemed uninterested. Now I'm ignoring her. Am I making the right choice?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
What do I do when it is too late for me to express my feelings to a girl?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Why do we fall in love when it's too late?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
What are the most precious things about true love?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
Has anyone felt like they've never been loved by anyone ever?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
Is it possible to actually love someone I've only seen and talked to for a day?
What do u think is difference between love (love we make) and sex?
How do I find a genuine partner?
What is the reason that very few people manage to find true love/partners through dating apps like Grindr, Scruff etc.?
Am I the only one disliking love songs?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
How did you survive your breakup?
It's been 2 years, and for some reason, I'm still painfully in love with my ex that I haven’t seen since. Is there a way I can erase her from my memory?
When do you love your mother?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
Are there people who broke up with their boyfriend/girlfriend and regretted it many years later?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
What do you love most about your mom?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
What do you do when you remember your love?
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is the full form of LSD?
What is the song after a love spell is cast?
How should I feel after sharing an embarrassing moment I had with my sister when I was 7 and then she says that she doesn't remember that?
How possible is it that me and my friend end up in love if we call ourselves "my love, baby, and sweetie"? We hug, caress each other, and say "I love you" constantly.
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Do girls love guys with good character?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Have you ever experienced love for a person that never loves you back? How does it feel?
What are the things in love?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Should we just settle down with someone good enough or should we keep hoping for love?
How justified is "Everything is fair in love and war"?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How do I make a girl fall in love with me so that she can die for me?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
What shall I make for my mum as a birthday present? I want it to be special and show her how much I love her.
Can one go through life without love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
Have you ever had an "I love my life" moment? When was it?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Should I write to my girl's mum telling of my love for her daughter who cares about me? Her mum told her our union may not work, as I don't speak Romanian.
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
What is the most unconventional love story?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
There is this girl I like but I don't have a future with her should I confess my feelings or let it go?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
What wins, love or money?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
How do I overcome this problem?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
Why does love feel like an addiction?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
I am isolated from my family, I like to show them love by achieving work or wealth. Is it ok to have a different method of loving your family?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
What is the greatest love of all?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
How long does it take to get over an ex? How long should you wait to move on?
What is the real reason between love and hate?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
If love were a season, what would it be and why?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Do Indian girls love short and handsome guys who are 5′4″?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
How can I re-attract a person who was so in love with me? It's been 8 years since we were together. The nicer I am the more distant she becomes.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
If the one that you love is far away from you, what will you do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
You’ve been in relationship for 20 years, then you find out that your partner cheated on you. Would you leave the relationship?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What is the most hurtful thing to do when it comes to love?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
Can we fall back in love?
My girl is 23 and her weight is 60kgs, she is just 5'1. Can she still increase her height?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
How can I figure out how to live my life when I don’t love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
What can I do if I overdid asking a girl that she loves me or not? And finally she informed her mom, blocked my contacts and told me to walky own path!
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
Should I immigrate to Philippines when I know no-one, no job but a loving obsession with the country?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
How can love be defined in a true way?
Is it bad that I love my cat more than most humans?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
How do I let someone I'm in a relationship with to know my worth when they seem to forget it?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Can one still love someone and, yet, not accept everything about them?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
A girl said that she loves me. I didn’t give her an answer yet.I am just not sure if I love her. She's not that attractive. Should I say yes to her?
Why can't two people who care a great deal and share a profound bond with each other just be together?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why do so many people think that you should only be in a relationship with one person at a time?
What is life? What is love? Will money bring me happiness?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
There’s this guy I met 2 yrs ago. I fell in love with him the second I saw him. I never felt that immensely attracted to anyone. Should I tell him now?
What should I do if I love a guy who is Muslim but I don’t want to change my religion?
In which way did she mean it when she said I love you?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
Is India one of the most hated or one of the most loved country around the world? Why?
There's this girl who had a crush on me but I did not do a thing. Now she has a boyfriend and I love her. What shall I do?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
How do I fall in love with the gym?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
She doesn't love me back and has realised I love her more than anything. Is there any possibility that she will love me back?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
Did Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava ever fell in love with an Indian girl?
What if someone says I love you to you?
What is the longest amount of time you could love someone?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Why do we block people we once loved?
Can you fall for someone you are not physically attracted to?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Is love really an offence?
If my girlfriend lives from several timezones away after me, can I say that she's a girl from yesterday?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
How can someone ask his girlfriend to marry him if they are in a long-distance relationship?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
Why do kids love reading?
How long do you wait to find out if you really are in love with a person?
He won't forgive me but he won't break up with me either. I love him, but I can't keep being dragged around in a one-sided relationship. What should I do?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do you become motivated to practice something you love, even if you're not good at it?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
I don't love my long distance girlfriend anymore but she still loves me a lot, what should I do?
Why do you love someone?
What should I do if I like a girl in college but she already has a boyfriend?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do I get over a crush on a man who will never love me back?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
Why do I feel in love with every girl I see or meet and talk with?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
As a father, do you love your wife and kids more than your sister/parents?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Do you regret your first love? As in falling in love with the wrong person and wasting years of your life on that wrong person.
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why do successful people fail in love?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
If parents supposedly love their children unconditionally, why would they use guilt to influence their behavior?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What did you prioritise in your life: love, a career, or your family, and why?
Can two persons love each other so passionately that they can kill each other due to family and society?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Why don't we fall out of love with our parents or siblings unlike a person we thought of as a soulmate once?
He doesn't show his emotions but has told me once in 8 months that he loves me. How do I deal with loving someone more than they love me?
What is one thing you do differently as a result of loving yourself more?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
At what age did you get your first kiss from someone who wasn't your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Which is greater, love or respect?
After 7 years of a relationship, my ex told me she had no more feelings for me. Do you think someday the feelings will come back?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
Is it wrong to fall in love with ex-wife's daughter?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Why does love even exist?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Do you think is it compulsory nowadays to have a girlfriend even if you don't love her?
Is it necessary to be in love for having sex?
Whom do men love more, their mothers or their wives?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Is it reliable to kiss a person without falling into a relationship?
How do we know someone you have met on a dating site is actually in love with you?
If an addict chooses their drug over their loved one are they selfish?
What do you love most about Black people?
How do you tell if an Aquarius man is in love?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
My ex wants to have sex with me just to get back at her boyfriend, who cheated. I still love her but I know she'll go back to him. Should I smash?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Unfortunately most women are only interested in men if they say yes to everything, have money or are sexually gifted. What happened to love?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
What are the meanings of “love for respect” and “respect in love”?
Does he love me although he said he doesn’t?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Which are the books a 19 year old should read ?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
How do you stop thinking about someone you might never see again?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
What are the planetary combinations for a love marriage?
Is a one-sided love good or bad?
How is your experience with doing business with your boyfriend or girlfriend?
Is fear more powerful than love?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What made you fall in love with India?
If you hate someone, does it mean you still love him?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone you only met online?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Should I continue to date him?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
I like him, he's kind, sweet and quite good looking. But why do I feel like that is something holding me from falling deeper in love with him?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
What is love like in real life?
If love is a spiritual connection, then why do we try to assign human traits, such as gender, to love?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
Have you ever pushed someone away you had feelings for with your actions/the way you treated them by accident?
A girl right now loves me a lot, but she had an ex-boyfriend before. What do I do? Should I accept her or not?
How can I promote beauty of anime among the anime-haters (especially European comic readers and strict guardians) and make them fall in love with anime?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Should I accept a guy who got rejected by me 5 times but still loves me? He has been very nice to me, but I have a sad past, and we both were born single.
What is like to grow up in a loving, well adjusted family?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
How do I handle being ignored by someone I love?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
How do I decide whom to marry between my boyfriend and someone who loves me more than my boyfriend?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
What is the most impossible but successful love story you know?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
Why can’t a partner draw a bill on another partner?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
I learned at a young age to cut off my feelings to avoid getting hurt. Is it possible to learn how to really love?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
What is the reason people love to come to the US?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Is it true that a bit of their individualities have to be diluted by both the partners in order to make a relationship work?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How come I fall in love even though I hate men?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
How can I dedicate myself towards the thing I love to do?
How can I know if the woman I love feels pity for me instead of love?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I make myself comfortable in speaking in front of my loved ones?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
What do you think about loving someone so much that even if he cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
What is true love and what is sex?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
What is the chance of never finding true love?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I have fallen out of love with her and that I don't need her anymore?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What does it mean when you try to move on, but everything comes back to your first love?
How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
How often should you make love?
How do I know that I'm in love and that it’s not an obsession?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
How do I move beyond my imagination being enough, into reality?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
What’s the best love compatibility for a Taurus?
Who are you? Define!
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
How do you forget someone forever?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What does it mean when you confess "I like you" to your crush but he doesn't respond?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
I’ve fallen in love with a girl, and she likes me too. But she is going to other country for further study, what should I do?
Our first date lasted over 3 hours. I went for a kiss after a hug at the end of the night, but she shook her head no. Is it time to move on?
What should you do if you love someone who hates you?
How can you forgive someone you love who tried to kill themselves?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What can I do to move on and forget about a girl? She rejected me, but I keep texting her, and when I see her, I feel very depressed.
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single, but today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. I want us to work, but what do I do now?
I used to like a friend of mine. Now, we don't stay in the same country. I want to tell her about the feelings I had for her. How can I do so?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
People say there are many fish in the sea after a break up. What happens to this thought once they find someone with whom they'd like to marry?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
Can autistic people fall in love?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do you let go of a person who truly loves you?
How can you tell if two people (besides yourself) are in love?
How can some people love friends more than family?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
Will anyone ever compare to your first love?
What words do you have for that person who is not so secretly in love with you, but they think it’s a secret?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
Can a person be stuck in a one-sided love situation, forever​?
What are the different stages of modern love?
How can you tell if a narcissist has truly fallen in love?
How can I make my brother love music?
Why I have become so desperate to find love and sex after my breakup? How can I overcome this?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
How do we learn to love if we've had precious little of it in our lives?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Everything is fair in love and war, but when it comes to love, is it necessary to make war?
Are you religious but willing to date an atheist?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Have you ever ended a relationship due to your partner’s money mismanagement?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
Can someone evoke love wherever they go?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
If you had to choose between a guy you love, but who earns less, and a guy who earns a lot and loves you, which one would you choose?
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What is a job that I will love to do for 100 years?
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
How do you know if a guy's the right one? On what basis do you accept a proposal from a guy?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
My high school boyfriend of one month told me he loves me. What do I do?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Is it possible for a man to love two women?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
Why does heart represent love?
I fell in love with a guy over the phone. He feels the same about me although we never met, is it really love?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Is the Kolmogorov complexity ever found in the love life of couples or in dating?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Are there any tips for making love to taller women?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
Can we find true love in the UK at the age of around 20?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
Can love be induced? 'He loves you more than words can define'—can this be the reason to fall for him?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
Is it possible to fall in love with a robot?
How did Quora change your love life?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
If you constantly feel that somebody is missing you, thinking about you and loves you, what does that actually means?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Is it possible, as Tolstoy suggests, to live by the law of love without exception?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Are we supposed to share our dark side and secrets to our lover? Or is it ok to keep a dark secret part?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
How do I decide whether or not to date someone? I’ve met very nice guys but just can't seem to want to be with them. I feel like I'm waiting to fall in love.
How does it feel for a woman to make love with another woman?
Who is your love?
What do you mean by I love you?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Does pure love still exist?
How should I handle my stress?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
My present lover has a problem with my hyperactive sexual history with my ex. It is damaging my relationship. What should I do?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How can you know that a girl really loves you and want to spend her life with you?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Is love an attraction in 11-to-20 year olds?
My dad told me repeatedly that I don't love him for years. How do I fix my relationship with my father?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
How do you cope with missing someone and always wondering about them as far as who they're with and what they are doing?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Could my need for love be the reason I have put up with so much negativity from my now ex-girlfriend and her lies of loyalty? I'm diagnosed with BPD.
Is love worth it?
Why is it that women love soft toys and strong muscular men too? I mean they are poles apart, aren't they?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
Why do I love him, even though I now know it was a lie?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Why do people pressure me, and others, to find love and expect us to want to do so?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What are some real conversation of love proposal?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
Which kind of love is true?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
I really like this girl, but she has an STD. What should I do?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How do you love an Aries woman?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
There's this artist named "takurou". I really love his work. How can I put in a request for a specific doujin?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Can a man with low EQ truly love a woman? Can he learn to express his feelings? Is it worth sticking around with someone like that?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
If a lady is in her 40s and hasn't find her love yet, what should she do?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
She loves someone who doesn't make her happy, who "hurts" her, what can I do to convince her she shouldn't stay with him?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
How do we know that it is a final breakup with one whom we love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
The girl I like thinks that I'm a waste of space on this earth. She thinks that I'd be better off dead. Should I agree with her?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
Can you be in love if you breathe deeper and smoother than you usually do when you remember that person?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
How do you know that your boyfriend loves you, when he seems not caring?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
What are some good shows if I have loved Reign?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
What is an unexplainable love?
How does an INTJ deal with unrequited love?
What do you think about love?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
How can I know whether the girl is loving?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
Have you ever passed up a great job opportunity to pursue a relationship with someone whom you love? Was it worth it?
He says he loves me but he can also be distant. Does he have real love for me? I need romance but does he show it?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
There is a girl who has a crush on me everyone think I like her too. But I actually love another. Which one should I choose?
How do I deal with love failure which I try to forget but keeps coming to me every night?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What are the most memorable things you've had a girlfriend do that further proved her love?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What do you love about doing a PhD?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
How does it feel for someone who has a lover that lost interest in them?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
How do you know your ex still has feelings for you even though she says she doesn't?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
After she left me, she told me she hopes that we get back together in a few years. Today, she's telling me that she doesn't want to anymore. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Has any IITIAN guy or girl been in a relationship since his JEE preparation days and finally married the love of his life?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
Why do most men love a girl for the sake of sex?
What are the most 'seems impossible' love stories?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Is it stupidity to dream about love everytime at the age of 18?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Have you been passive in a position to keep someone you love?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What should a guy do if a girl is not interested in love, but she accepts his proposal just to pass the time?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
This guy at my school accuses me of spamming his hangouts. How do I prove to him that I'm not?
What if your romantic partner was of another gender? Would you still love them?
As a father, do you love your immediate family more than your old 'childhood' family?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
Is some vulgarity needed in lovebird’s romantic conversations?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
Is Melania a victim of Trump? Young and poor from a third world country, she was enticed to the riches even if she really does not love him.
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Can you ever forget your childhood love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it okay for a 25-year-old boy and a 20-year-old girl to fall in love? Is it okay for them to think of getting married in the future?
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
What are the benefits of never falling in love?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Is there any secret love going between Prabhas and Anushka?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can a person love again after being betrayed and cheated on the past relationship?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
I think I've fallen for a guy I met online. Is it even normal?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
How do you differentiate between lust and true love?
What should I do when my girlfriend says she doesn’t love me anymore?
What does “love yourself” mean?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
What are some reasons can a healthy, financially secure individual with a loving family have to be unhappy in life?
What are some examples of cheesy love notes?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
What is love in actual terms?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
How do I differentiate between being in love and feeling loved?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Should I date this Egyptian girl that I recently met?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
What is the name of the Hindi song, sung by a man, with the words: "layao mat choro" and "sunny Leone mery jaan he"?
Does religion matter in love?
How do I get over a relationship when we both love each other but can't be together?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What should you do if you are in love with someone that you know you can't have a future with?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Does anyone love food as much as me?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Should I wait to fall in love with my partner or find a new partner?
Have you ever hated loving someone?
Are your feelings misinterpreted when you love someone from a distance because you feel like they don't like you?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
How do I remove a lover from my life?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
If your dog got used to his new loving family, have you ever met his former owner and had the impression that it would still prefer to go back to him?
Why do we get hurt when our loved ones don't understand us? Why do we get hurt a lot when we try to fix the problem, even if it's not because of us?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
How do you know if a person has been in love before?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
Is a little insecurity in a relationship okay?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
Biologically, what creates that special feeling of love in your stomach?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
A girl loves me but her past horrible relationship has scarred her. Will waiting for her to be totally over her ex and start things anew be advisable?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
How do I love a boy?
Who would you choose - a person who you really like, but who doesn't like you, or a person who likes you but you don't feel the same way?
What do you do if you really love your wife and even though she's a good person and pretty you just don't desire her sexually at all?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What does a girl's silence generally mean in love matter?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Is relationship base on love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Do you love your school?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
Do girls love handsome guys or guys who have good behaviour and character?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
Are guys willing to wait for the girl they like for 3 years?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What's the best thing to do when Your girlfriend falls in-love with a Co-Worker?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
Do you think that everybody who is spamming loves it?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
How do you get over the pain of someone leaving you?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do women love being a mistress?
If one has a crush on two people at the same time, could they consider themselves polyamorous?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
I really love Pakistan, why?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
This girl broke up with me for not eating her homemade samich (sandwich). Why?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Why women love travelling?
Yesterday my boyfriend told me he is bisexual. I love him, but I am not sure if I should break up with him or not. What should I do?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
(Egyptian male) I believe in free love and free sexuality, how can I find free lovers like me?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
Do men love to cruise whom they love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
What are the things that you love being a granparent?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
Why do we fall in love with people we can't have?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
What is the value of square root of 3?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
How bad can first love be?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Were you ever in love with someone who suddenly left you without a closure or apology?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
What is the best way to handle unrequited love?
How many girls don't support premarital sex at any cost in India and why ? Do you agree it’s a sin and risky?
I love her but I did not talk to her for one year without any reason, how should I proposed her?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
Do you think that love is overrated?
Is it possible for someone to never fall in love? Attractions & bonds that last 2-3 months don’t count.
What does it feel like for lesbian and bisexual women to be in love with a woman?
How do you know if a person is very much in love with you when you haven't met yet?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
Is love more important than a career?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
What is the dark side of a falling in love with a hot and sexy girl?
What is the best way to help someone with BPD be happy and love life?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
I love Netflix and I love reading and I can never seem to do both of them. How can I find the right balance?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
How do I show my daughter I do love her?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
Is accidentally falling in love with a person whom you see as potential a friend wrong?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Love is never the answer, love is monstrous and viscous, harsh and unkind. Why do people love? I don’t get the appeal.
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
How do you get over someone you deeply loved that betrayed you?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Why does it seem like my ex-narc is normal and treats his family in a normal way if he is in fact incapable of loving?
At what point does a love of money stop being "pro-welfare" and start being "greedy"?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
What 3 words would you say if your lover asked you to say 3 magical words?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What are some thoughts on the concept of soulmates?
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
If Lyanna loved Rhaegar why did she want to live without him? (She said to Ned, "I don't want to die.")
Where can I learn how to love well?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
I am in love with my female teacher, what should I do?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What do you think about the situation?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
A guy flirts with my gf and I asked her to stop reciprocating when he is flirting. Is this okay?
If they had the choice, would women rather receive a gift of expensive jewelry, or a romantic poem written by the man who loves them?
Is it legally possible for a 23-year-old boy to love a 17-year-old girl in India?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
How can I forget him if we have a daughter?
What is meant by lost love?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
I'm not sure I've ever loved my parents. I'm a healthy and functioning adult otherwise. What's wrong with me?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
How do I 'Love Life'?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
How do I discover myself? I want the detailed process. 'Love yourself, do self-assessment' these short phrases don't help much. Can I have some tips?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Isn't love merely a metaphorical construct in the 21st century?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
Does a teen know what true love is?
Two active meth addicts began dating. She says it's love. Is it really love or the drugs making her feel in love?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
Why does God send messengers and avatars only for humans?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
I love anything to do with same sex relationships, is this caused by my pansexuality?
How can I express my immense love to my boyfriend?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
Why don’t some people respect love?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
Is it possible to hate someone you love more than anything?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Is it normal to get sad if my parents tell me they love me?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
Does it feel good to lead someone on?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I have known this woman for 47 years. She said she loves me like a brother. I'm in love with her. What should I do?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Which child actors did you have a crush on?
Do girls also fall in love? How do they feel when in love?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Why is making love different from porn?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
When two people are in love, why does the third one come in between them?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
Why are women so quick to fall in love?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
Did anyone find his/her first love on the Delhi/Mumbai metro?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
What's the feeling when female make love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
How should I get over a guy who says he loves me but doesn't want a relationship?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
What is a good way to confess to the girl you love?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
What are the best love life hacks?
Can we create feelings like love?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Where will love take you? To what extent will it influence people?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
My parents did not want me to date this girl because of her family background. What should I do?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
There was "puppy love" in hindsight, when do we reach adult domesticated carnivorous mammal love?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
What is the darkest side of falling in love?
Is there pain in true love?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
What is love for a Bengali girl, after a breakup?
How long do sane people wait for someone they love? In their twenties? Thirties? Forties? Fifties? Sixties? Does age matter?
How do you feel when the one you love says “all men/women are the same”?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
Is there always a way to kiss or you just fall into it?
Is it possible to love two women and live a normal life as their husband?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Can someone forget someone they love the most?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
How can I overcome the guy I loved and he broke up with me for someone else?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
Does yahweh love blood?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love? How can it be explained in a single line?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I start a relationship in college?
What would you suggest for someone who believes in nothing, apart from love but isn't currently in love, so finds little purpose?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How can we realise god or how can we experience that infinite love?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Do you have a song that symbolises your Love for your partner?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Which is more important at the age of 22, love or studies?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
When is too early to say I love you?
How can you forgive those who break you out of love, fail to apologise then give you a gift and expect a thank you?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Can you experience deep, intimate, lasting love with someone you've known for one week?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
What do you love about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What happens if a girl you love (and she loves you back) takes you for granted?
If you had to choose between love and career, what would you choose? Are you ready to risk it all?
What should I do with my boyfriend in a long-distance relationship? He hates to communicate over the phone but he loves me.
Is the problem of not finding love due to the fact that not everyone is attractive?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What is your relationship/love advice to a 22-23-year-old guy/girl?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
How can I breakup with her, if I love her so much and I promised her I will never leave her no matter what, but she denies that she has a daughter with an ex?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What do you do when your father doesn't love you?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Who is your childhood crush (movies/cartoons/real life) and do you fantasize/create interesting scenarios involving them?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
How do you write “I love you my daughter no matter” what in French?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
What can happen when someone with BPD is truly abandoned by everyone they love?
How do I get my long-distance girlfriend back after a breakup?
Has anyone been in love and left because you realized that your partner still loves his/her ex?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is it possible to be a love addict?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
How do I get recognition without dismissing my own learnings?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
If you are friends with your ex, does that mean your love was never real?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
What should you do to unlove someone you love?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
Should I accept him because he loves me if he is short in height (5'3″)?
How can we forget a person and move on if it’s a one-sided love and we are teenagers who talked about almost nothing in school?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
What does "I love you anyway" mean?
How does one continue after failing in love?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
What is the solution if you love someone but she loves someone else?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How should I confess to my crush? I am leaving in 2 weeks and I want him to know I like him.
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
He says that my voice makes him become erect through the phone, and he says he loves me. Is that normal?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
Is it possible for a man to love a woman who is not his relative in a non-romantic way, i.e no physical attraction?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
Is respect more important than love?
How can I know if she still loves me?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
I put a date with the girl who has fallen for me. She didn't come for some reasons. Should I give her another chance?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
How do I tackle a sweet manipulative girlfriend?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What is love? What is lust? What do both stand for?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I am engaged to a stranger, which was arranged by our family. I'm beginning to have feelings for her, but I found out she has a boyfriend. What should I do?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
Does starting to have feelings for someone equal falling in love? What's the difference?
How can I divert my mind from a failed love life and concentrate on my studies?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
Two years back, there was this girl and we were both into each other but I broke up with her. Now, I just want to be her friend but she barely talks to me. What should I do?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What is love, is it friendship?
She stopped loving me somewhere. She didn't want to admit it. Do I call off the relationship?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
What do you think of loving someone so much that even if the person cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
How do you feel when you've met your soulmate? I feel like I've met mine after he contacted me after 3 years.
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Chinese Pride: Why are you proud of China?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
What does it feel like to love someone who doesn't love you in return?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
What do you love/hate most about your school?
What are some of the best love statuses?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
Can love just vanish for someone when you've found someone better?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a class 12th girl suffer from depression? I was the most fun-loving girl, but now, I don't want to talk to anyone, I can’t concentrate, & I have become silent.
Based off of reality, what is unconditional love?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How do I reach the talking stage in dating?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What's some good coping advice for someone who can love others but will never be loved?
Is it possible to fall for a person just because he looks like your boyfriend who is no more?
Nowadays, why do people fall in love with many people?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
How do I love reading?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
Does Gray love Juvia?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Why is self-love so important?
Can a narcisscist really want to and actually only be with just one person?
Are your answers opinions or scientifically proven facts regarding marriages, relationships, love and breakups?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
I'm in love with another girl. I will never be with her because she does not know I exist and I cannot talk to her for some reasons. What can I do?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
Is it necessary to hate the rest of the world if you love someone?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
How do I like/love myself?
Why do we love our car when we don't love our health/body?
How do you know that you are the side chick?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
A girl cheated on me and is doing the same thing with others. How can I make her realize that she is doing wrong? What could be her motive?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
I broke up with my girl cause she said I used her, I didn't even have sex because she didn't seem comfortable. I felt disgusted and hurt, was I right?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Did you fall in love for the second time?
What is your definition of self-love?
How many of you love krump and why?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
How do I make my crush fall in love with me, when we barely know each other?
What happens when love doesn't work?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
Can love and friendship never coexist? Does it always have to be one of the two?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
Is it okay to hate a few attributes about someone you love in the beginning? How does one deal with those feelings?
How do you make someone who hates your guts love you?
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
Does Littlefinger love his biological family?
Does lying to someone and keeping secrets really protect the ones we love?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
How do you seal a heart in love? I fell in love with someone in October. I felt electricity running. He cheated on me. I should stop thinking about him.
How do I make my friend love himself?
Is love at first sight really true?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
What does sans love?
What are some questions to think/ask myself about if I really do love her?
Have you ever met the love of your life only to find out it could not work out for other reasons?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
If love were a colour, what would it be and why?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
What do you love most about your sister?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
What should I do to let a guy admit his feelings for me?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it called 'heart break' while nothing is physically broken in the heart?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
Is it wrong to fall in love with your cousin? If not, what should I do to make it acceptable in society?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
Why am I afraid to express love to someone?
Have you lost your ambition because of the heartbreak?
I was with a girl for a long time, I noticed her feet were pointed at me most of the time. Does she like me?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Is it possible to fall in love with my partner again?
Why do I feel the need to push people away when I'm starting to fall in love with them?
Why do people let themselves fall in love even when they have an experience of being avoided?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
If she left me, will she come back?
What are the reasons for love failures?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
How can I tell him that my love will never be for him?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
Why do we love our dear country Azerbaijan so much so fanatically?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
What are the ways to love yourself?
Why does no one talk about how much it hurts leaving someone you love because you have to grow as a person on your own?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
Why do Muslims love prophet Muhammad even though he is very controversial?
At what moment of our life do we experience true love?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
Is this correct: “Thank you Lord Jesus for loving me unconditionally with the love that even mother can't show.”?
How can I forget the person I love? It’s a one-sided love and I know it won't happen.
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
Why do people love California?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Do you ever really love your mom after she hurt you?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
What is the worst thing that happened after your heartbreak?
Why do we bind someone in our love?
Why do some people love California?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
How can we realise God or experience that infinite love?
Why is love not as satifying as I thought it would be?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Do doctors operate on their loved ones? How easy is it?
How can I come to know that a person really loves me and is committed and loyal to me?
What is your worst heartbreak story? Did you ever get over your first love?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
My boyfriend broke up with me and I know that he loves me as much as I love him and so I don't want to lose him, what should I do?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Are romance and eroticism important?
I am confused whether I should move on and get in a relation with this girl or hold on to my past
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
What will you choose? Unconditional love of your parents or true love of your partner
Why does a person need to be loved?
Can I train two kittens to live only within the protected confines of my property and not indoor and still receive love and attention from them?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it posible to make love to someone you don't like?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Which would you choose, a man you love or a man who loves you?
What's your idea about unconditional love?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can you confess your love to someone you're not sure likes you as much as you do?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
I wish I could find a girl that cares about me, to love me and to just talk to, but I am very afraid to talk to women, what could I do?
What's love from your point of view?
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
How should we tell a guy if I have some feelings for him?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
What should someone do if they want a relationship with two or more people at once?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
Why does everybody love pi?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
What is love? Why is it important?
What’s the best love compatibility for an Aries?
Is it good to fall in love with someone who is taken?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
Is it normal for a gay man to get attracted to a lesbian? If so, what should he do? Should he court her? How would he do that without being awkward?
Is it easy to ignore someone who is in love with you & you are also in love with him?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How do I overcome the heartache from missing somebody whom I love, even if I know that the relationship will lead to nowhere?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
She loves him but I want to make her love me. How?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
What should I do to stop thinking about my love?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How do I know if I love somebody or if it's just a crush?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
I'm going out with someone, but I don't "love" her. I have a limited amount of affection for said person. Should I keep going out with her?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
Is it possible to have passionate/intimate sex without loving someone?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
How do I stop indulging in porn and bad TV after being unemployed for so long?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
Why not make love and war?
Do I love him or not?
Is it okay to tell a guy you don't know how to kiss? And if so how do you tell him?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
When did Karan Johar fell in love with Twinkle Khanna?
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
Why can't we get over someone who's died, even after several years?
How do you cope with feelings of lust towards someone who is not your partner?
How can one replace the love they didn't receive as a child?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What should you do when someone you love is in a difficult situation?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
A really nice guy told me he loves me. I've ignored him so far, and he made me an infographic on why he loves me. What should I do?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
Why is it said that you should keep your love life private, and what does this statement actually mean?
What constitutes relationship experience before entering a relationship?
This girl likes me, so I get her Snapchat and start texting her. But she seemed uninterested. Now I'm ignoring her. Am I making the right choice?
What does ‘love excuse’ mean?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
What are some interesting law college love stories?
What do I do when it is too late for me to express my feelings to a girl?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Why do we fall in love when it's too late?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
Why am I so negative? I hated Baahubali to the core and loved Ballaladeva.
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
What are the most precious things about true love?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
Has anyone felt like they've never been loved by anyone ever?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
I love my friend, but he is judgmental. Is there a point in keeping the friendship?
Is it possible to actually love someone I've only seen and talked to for a day?
How do I find a genuine partner?
What is the reason that very few people manage to find true love/partners through dating apps like Grindr, Scruff etc.?
Am I the only one disliking love songs?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
How did you survive your breakup?
It's been 2 years, and for some reason, I'm still painfully in love with my ex that I haven’t seen since. Is there a way I can erase her from my memory?
When do you love your mother?
I have always been obsessive about giving a woman affection and receiving affection. Is this normal? Why am I so into giving a woman some loving?
Can a man really love a woman who is not good looking and fat with okay personality?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
Are there people who broke up with their boyfriend/girlfriend and regretted it many years later?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
What do you love most about your mom?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
What do you do when you remember your love?
He says he loves me emotionally but he can’t get over the physical attachment with his ex. What can I do to make him get over it?
What are three words that resemble you? Are there any words you would like to become? For example, rich, loving, healthy, etc.
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is the full form of LSD?
What is the song after a love spell is cast?
How should I feel after sharing an embarrassing moment I had with my sister when I was 7 and then she says that she doesn't remember that?
How possible is it that me and my friend end up in love if we call ourselves "my love, baby, and sweetie"? We hug, caress each other, and say "I love you" constantly.
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Do girls love guys with good character?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
I'm turning 19 and I've never experienced any type of love. How does true love feel?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Have you ever experienced love for a person that never loves you back? How does it feel?
What are the things in love?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Is this love? I think about her all the time and dream about her?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Should we just settle down with someone good enough or should we keep hoping for love?
How justified is "Everything is fair in love and war"?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How do I make a girl fall in love with me so that she can die for me?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
What shall I make for my mum as a birthday present? I want it to be special and show her how much I love her.
Can one go through life without love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
Have you ever had an "I love my life" moment? When was it?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
Should I write to my girl's mum telling of my love for her daughter who cares about me? Her mum told her our union may not work, as I don't speak Romanian.
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
What is the most unconventional love story?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
There is this girl I like but I don't have a future with her should I confess my feelings or let it go?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Why do we love? Is it a sort of defence mechanism for our loneliness and low self worth or is just a disguise for a sexual desire or tricks of nature?
What wins, love or money?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
How do I overcome this problem?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
Is it bad to tell my Indian wife that some girl was trying to show some love towards me?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
Why does love feel like an addiction?
What puts you in a trance?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
I am isolated from my family, I like to show them love by achieving work or wealth. Is it ok to have a different method of loving your family?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
What is the greatest love of all?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How strange is it to feel more connected to a friend than your significant other yet you still want to be with your significant other?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
How long does it take to get over an ex? How long should you wait to move on?
What is the real reason between love and hate?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
If love were a season, what would it be and why?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Do Indian girls love short and handsome guys who are 5′4″?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
How can I re-attract a person who was so in love with me? It's been 8 years since we were together. The nicer I am the more distant she becomes.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
If the one that you love is far away from you, what will you do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
You’ve been in relationship for 20 years, then you find out that your partner cheated on you. Would you leave the relationship?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What is the most hurtful thing to do when it comes to love?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
Can we fall back in love?
My girl is 23 and her weight is 60kgs, she is just 5'1. Can she still increase her height?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
How can one fall in love after reaching the age of 25+?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
Have you ever let someone leave you that loved you, because you didn't what them you know you loved them back?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
How can I figure out how to live my life when I don’t love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Does anxiety makes people we love leave?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
What can I do if I overdid asking a girl that she loves me or not? And finally she informed her mom, blocked my contacts and told me to walky own path!
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
Should I immigrate to Philippines when I know no-one, no job but a loving obsession with the country?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
How can love be defined in a true way?
Is it bad that I love my cat more than most humans?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
How do I let someone I'm in a relationship with to know my worth when they seem to forget it?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Can one still love someone and, yet, not accept everything about them?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
A girl said that she loves me. I didn’t give her an answer yet.I am just not sure if I love her. She's not that attractive. Should I say yes to her?
Why can't two people who care a great deal and share a profound bond with each other just be together?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why do so many people think that you should only be in a relationship with one person at a time?
What is life? What is love? Will money bring me happiness?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
There’s this guy I met 2 yrs ago. I fell in love with him the second I saw him. I never felt that immensely attracted to anyone. Should I tell him now?
What should I do if I love a guy who is Muslim but I don’t want to change my religion?
In which way did she mean it when she said I love you?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
Is India one of the most hated or one of the most loved country around the world? Why?
There's this girl who had a crush on me but I did not do a thing. Now she has a boyfriend and I love her. What shall I do?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
How do I fall in love with the gym?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
She doesn't love me back and has realised I love her more than anything. Is there any possibility that she will love me back?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
Do you agree love is only attraction?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
Is there a difference between having sex with someone and 'making love'?
Did Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava ever fell in love with an Indian girl?
What if someone says I love you to you?
What is the longest amount of time you could love someone?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Why do we block people we once loved?
Can you fall for someone you are not physically attracted to?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Is love really an offence?
If my girlfriend lives from several timezones away after me, can I say that she's a girl from yesterday?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
How can someone ask his girlfriend to marry him if they are in a long-distance relationship?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
How long do you wait to find out if you really are in love with a person?
Why do kids love reading?
He won't forgive me but he won't break up with me either. I love him, but I can't keep being dragged around in a one-sided relationship. What should I do?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do you become motivated to practice something you love, even if you're not good at it?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
I don't love my long distance girlfriend anymore but she still loves me a lot, what should I do?
Why do you love someone?
What should I do if I like a girl in college but she already has a boyfriend?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do I get over a crush on a man who will never love me back?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
I love a girl, but I don't know why anymore. I still love her a lot, but I have no clue why. What does this mean?
Why do I feel in love with every girl I see or meet and talk with?
Will I meet the girl whom I can share the rest of my life with?
What do I do if I feel like I have to stay with my boyfriend but I really like somebody else?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
As a father, do you love your wife and kids more than your sister/parents?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Do you regret your first love? As in falling in love with the wrong person and wasting years of your life on that wrong person.
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why do successful people fail in love?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
If parents supposedly love their children unconditionally, why would they use guilt to influence their behavior?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What did you prioritise in your life: love, a career, or your family, and why?
Can two persons love each other so passionately that they can kill each other due to family and society?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Why don't we fall out of love with our parents or siblings unlike a person we thought of as a soulmate once?
He doesn't show his emotions but has told me once in 8 months that he loves me. How do I deal with loving someone more than they love me?
What is one thing you do differently as a result of loving yourself more?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
At what age did you get your first kiss from someone who wasn't your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Which is greater, love or respect?
After 7 years of a relationship, my ex told me she had no more feelings for me. Do you think someday the feelings will come back?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
Is it wrong to fall in love with ex-wife's daughter?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Why does love even exist?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
Have you ever thought the search for love is not worth it?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Do you think is it compulsory nowadays to have a girlfriend even if you don't love her?
Is it necessary to be in love for having sex?
Whom do men love more, their mothers or their wives?
Why are people more interested in love relationships that aren’t their own?
You find out your girlfriend was born a boy. Now what?
Do girls fall in love with a guy who is bald at the age of 22?
How do I overcome a girl who ditched me in love?
Do we get Indian girls in Goa for making love?
Is it reliable to kiss a person without falling into a relationship?
How do we know someone you have met on a dating site is actually in love with you?
If an addict chooses their drug over their loved one are they selfish?
What do you love most about Black people?
How do you tell if an Aquarius man is in love?
Will the law of attraction help me to get the love of my life back? If yes, how?
What should I do if something continuously repeating in my life every 2 years?
My ex wants to have sex with me just to get back at her boyfriend, who cheated. I still love her but I know she'll go back to him. Should I smash?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
Unfortunately most women are only interested in men if they say yes to everything, have money or are sexually gifted. What happened to love?
I saw this girl near City Centre 1 in Salt Lake. She was way too beautiful and sweet. Now it seems that I have fallen for her. How should I find her?
What are the meanings of “love for respect” and “respect in love”?
Does he love me although he said he doesn’t?
What is the way to find if a girl feels the same as I feel for her?
When he says he really likes everything about you and wants a long-term relationship, is he really in love with you or does he just want to be physical?
Which are the books a 19 year old should read ?
A girl says she doesn’t love me, but she does everything for my happiness even more than friends do. Even I love her, so what really is happening?
How can some people take other chances with romantic relationships, when they are already committed?
How do you stop thinking about someone you might never see again?
Do you guys have some confessions?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
What are the planetary combinations for a love marriage?
Is a one-sided love good or bad?
How is your experience with doing business with your boyfriend or girlfriend?
Is fear more powerful than love?
How do you confess your love to a friend?
Why is it bad to live for someone else's sake?
What made you fall in love with India?
If you hate someone, does it mean you still love him?
Is it fine to fall in love only through WhatsApp chatting?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone you only met online?
Can an actual A&R person sit down and listen to Mr. Pope for the love of God?
My girlfriend of 2 years wants a break. Her mum has been very sick for about a month now. She still loves me but is really confused. What do I do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and have even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How do you know if you love someone or not?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Should I continue to date him?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
Why does a love relationship end up with abuse?
What are some of the best books/materials that can help me understand girls better?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
I like him, he's kind, sweet and quite good looking. But why do I feel like that is something holding me from falling deeper in love with him?
Is it okay to fall out of love with somebody who loves you so much more?
Is there an expectation from men to perform large, romantic gestures? If so, why?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
Is it ok to leave a girl who doesn't love you back and calls you only when she needs something from you? Otherwise, she refuses to meet you even once.
What is the best way to sign off romantic?
Is an Aquarius’ love deep?
Is body-building loved around the world? People from many different countries seem to smile when lifting weights.
What is love like in real life?
If love is a spiritual connection, then why do we try to assign human traits, such as gender, to love?
How does it feel to be deeply in love with your greatest friend, even when she has made it clear that there is no romantic interest?
If people choose mates based on symmetry and signs of fertility and health, does this mean unhealthy people are doomed to be single?
Have you ever pushed someone away you had feelings for with your actions/the way you treated them by accident?
A girl right now loves me a lot, but she had an ex-boyfriend before. What do I do? Should I accept her or not?
How can I promote beauty of anime among the anime-haters (especially European comic readers and strict guardians) and make them fall in love with anime?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
How did you feel when Sanjay Manjrekar interviewed Sachin Tendulkar after the IPL final, since there were shadow fighting and love-hate relationship?
How can I comfort myself because I am not in love with him anymore?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you're truly in love with?
I love a girl and she loves me, but she has a boyfriend. She tells me that we'll be together one day. Should I stay or should I move on?
How do you consider a person as your first love? Does he/she have to be your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
I don't understand why I keep being emotionally distant from the people that I love when that's the last thing I want to be. How can I overcome this?
How do I deal with everything being better than myself at what I love?
How do I know whether a girl who is unknown to me likes me or not?
Why do foreigners love dogs?
If you could fall in love with a Quoran, what would your reason be?
How is the life of a single girl with no past relationships in India ? How do they spend their time without love?
How should I tell my mother that I'm in love with my brother’s ex?
Should I accept a guy who got rejected by me 5 times but still loves me? He has been very nice to me, but I have a sad past, and we both were born single.
What is like to grow up in a loving, well adjusted family?
How do I know when I love a guy?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
How do I handle being ignored by someone I love?
Can it happen that you love hostel more than home?
Love Commandos are working for the cause of love for couples. Are they only in India or abroad too?
How do I decide whom to marry between my boyfriend and someone who loves me more than my boyfriend?
I'm in mad love with my crush. But she just advised to me get into a rebound relationship. Is that good or bad?
What is the love for a 9-month-old baby?
What is the most impossible but successful love story you know?
What can I do if someone I love the most thinks I am guilty of doing something wrong, when I am in a situation where I cannot prove my innocence?
Why can’t a partner draw a bill on another partner?
If love is only a word, why does it hurt so much when you find it isn't there?
Does it ever happen that we fall out of love with someone, break up with them, now with someone else, and realise that our ex was the best for us?
What song reminds you of your love, past or present?
I'm so envious of women that constantly say how much they love themselves. Why would I feel this way?
I learned at a young age to cut off my feelings to avoid getting hurt. Is it possible to learn how to really love?
Is a boyfriend who loves a lot but is so insecure that he keeps me away from my male friends worth keeping?
my date of birth is January 27th, 1972 in Beirut , what are the preditions concerning my current marriage?
What should I do if the love of my life will never be with me?
What is the reason people love to come to the US?
My friend and I both like each other before. Now he has his someone and he still shows his affection to me. I still like him. What should I do?
Is it true that a bit of their individualities have to be diluted by both the partners in order to make a relationship work?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Can a narcissist retry the love bombing with the same person?
What is your failure love story?
Why did my friend suddenly start ignoring me when she came to know that I was in love with her?
Ok I think I'm bi or gay, I don't know but I have this friend that I love so much that I can't explain but I don't know if he likes me too?
Can there be a romantic love without having sex?
What do Army Civil Affairs officers do?
We are not in a relationship but we hug, exchange sweet messages and even kissed. Is he interested in me?
How come I fall in love even though I hate men?
What are 10 reasons to love Moroccan rugs?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
Should I choose Ghaziabad or Gurgaon? My girlfriend stays in Ghaziabad, but now, she says she does not feel anything, and my OFC is in Gurgaon.
Should I turn off my feelings about a girl, or should I tell her I like her?
Why do we have types?
What would be the meaning of life if love was excluded?
Why do I hate people in relationships?
How can I forget someone who touched and kissed me for the first time in my life?
How can I allow myself to be vulnerable enough to fall in love?
Is fantasizing about unrequited love normal when the relationship ends?
How can I dedicate myself towards the thing I love to do?
Is it okay to write a goodbye letter to someone you love?
How can I know if the woman I love feels pity for me instead of love?
What shall I do to get my crush back?
Out of the Four Loves, which one of them do you think is the most biased towards certain people?
What do I do if I want to leave a man who loves me for a man I love?
What if love comes back? I’ve been dumped.
Why do exes come back? Mine left me after a 9 year relationship, then got happily married and now he's back only because he misses me at times!
Do girls like to receive love letters from random guys?
What is said about love in philosophy?
Why don’t girls understand boys’ true love?
How can I make myself comfortable in speaking in front of my loved ones?
How can I self-improve myself so that people respect and love me?
How do you truly know if a Pisces loves you?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Are any love story novels free to download?
Is it possible to be friends with someone when you have intense love for each other?
What are some romantic things you can do while camping with your partner?
How big is financial contribution for a romantic relationship?
What do you think about loving someone so much that even if he cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
Can you rewire your brain to love someone?
Why does hate have more takers than love?
How can I express my feelings if I am a shy girl?
What is the difference between “I like you” and “I love you”?
Is it wrong to date someone you don't love for the sake of having knowledge and experience?
What is true love and what is sex?
What should I do if after 6 years of relationship I feel like I don't love my partner anymore?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
During my childhood, I had a lack of love, and now I am 21 and struggling to trust others and show affection. What can I do?
She is 17 now and I am 23. Will she ever understand my love?
What is the chance of never finding true love?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I have fallen out of love with her and that I don't need her anymore?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
How can you get to know the feelings of a girl for you, whether she loves you as only a friend or as someone special? How should you approach her?
What does it mean when you try to move on, but everything comes back to your first love?
How can you know that what you feel for someone is love, not lust?
How do you know if you have fallen in love with someone?
Do most women see me as a loser because I have no dating or relationship experience?
How do I keep myself on her mind?
What if you like a girl who doesn’t want a relationship at the moment?
How often should you make love?
How do I know that I'm in love and that it’s not an obsession?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Have any of you been so deep in love with somebody, but had to deal with pain of unrequited love for many years?
My crush rejected me a year ago. I still like her, and I get the impression she does too. We are still very close friends. What can I do? (Story)
Is it possible to measure how much people love you?
I am in love with a married woman. What do I do?
That emoji is a sign of romantic interest?
Why do some people think that "caring" means "talking lovely words"?
How do I move beyond my imagination being enough, into reality?
What should I do to make him feel loved if he's broken and won't open up?
People get betrayed and cheated in love but still don’t give up on it. Why?
I fell in love with a girl I met when I was on vacation, but she was hurt before, and built up her wall to protect her feelings. Do I have a chance?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
How should I stop loving my best friend?
How do I know the difference between unconditional love and being a victim of a situation where someone is taking advantage of your unconditional love?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
I'm in love with my same sex best friend. I'm confused about her. What should I do?
How can I reduce my craving for girls?
What’s the best love compatibility for a Taurus?
Who are you? Define!
How do I show my boyfriend I truly care about him? I know that he knows but I want to show him more love, more effort. How do I do that?
Is it normal to turn your face away from good looking girls to avoid falling in love?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
Why do the people we love never love us back?
How can I make a girl feel special when I don't feel special about myself?
Is nobody immune to love?
How do you forget someone forever?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
How do you handle a great, genuine love for a person you will never be with?
What does it mean when you confess "I like you" to your crush but he doesn't respond?
Why do I miss the feeling of loving someone?
How do I make a character gradually fall in love, without it feeling fake?
Given the opportunity, would a man worth his salt like to romance an unlimited number of girls or a single girl in his lifetime?
I’ve fallen in love with a girl, and she likes me too. But she is going to other country for further study, what should I do?
As a person who relies mostly on physical affection, how can I express to someone in words how much they mean to me and make them feel special?
Our first date lasted over 3 hours. I went for a kiss after a hug at the end of the night, but she shook her head no. Is it time to move on?
What should you do if you love someone who hates you?
How can you forgive someone you love who tried to kill themselves?
I saw a girl in a concert and we spend that time together without talking. I feel I love her because I can't stop thinking of her. What should I do?
What can I do to move on and forget about a girl? She rejected me, but I keep texting her, and when I see her, I feel very depressed.
How do I make girlfriends who are 3 or 4 years older than me?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single, but today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend. I want us to work, but what do I do now?
I used to like a friend of mine. Now, we don't stay in the same country. I want to tell her about the feelings I had for her. How can I do so?
Have you ever seen someone who could die for love?
Can a damaged, BPD girl ever truly be loved and liked for real?
People say there are many fish in the sea after a break up. What happens to this thought once they find someone with whom they'd like to marry?
Can cold and warmhearted people have a good relationship, as the saying goes, opposites attracts?
Can autistic people fall in love?
What is love like from a guy's perspective?
How do you let go of a person who truly loves you?
Do appearances really matter when it comes to truly loving someone?
How can you tell if two people (besides yourself) are in love?
How can some people love friends more than family?
I love this guy. We still have a FwB relationship after he rejected me, and I accepted it and promised to move on. Is that ok?
Is it hard to have a long distance love and keep each other happy?
Can we be assured of God's love, apart from the scriptures?
Will anyone ever compare to your first love?
What words do you have for that person who is not so secretly in love with you, but they think it’s a secret?
How can I stop myself from loving someone again?
Does two month of being in a relationship with someone determine that you have fallen in love with that person?
Can a person be stuck in a one-sided love situation, forever​?
What are the different stages of modern love?
How can you tell if a narcissist has truly fallen in love?
How can I make my brother love music?
Why I have become so desperate to find love and sex after my breakup? How can I overcome this?
What would happen if you start loving your best friend, but you also love your girlfriend? What direction is your relationship going to take?
What should I do when a girl says she loves me but wants to stay single for the rest of her life?
Is losing a loved one more painful than financial bankruptcy?
Why do I love Pewds so much?
How do we learn to love if we've had precious little of it in our lives?
What is more important, fulfilling all sexual desires or having a loving relationship?
She asked me, if I asked her out to discuss something specific or just to hangout. And I said hmm both. Has she realized it's a date?
If your partner cheated on you, is it possible to forgive him and continue the relationship?
How can I forget about a girl I am madly in love with but doesn't feel the same?
Everything is fair in love and war, but when it comes to love, is it necessary to make war?
Are you religious but willing to date an atheist?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How do you get over being abandoned by two friends at the same time?
Do men and women express love in the same way?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Have you ever ended a relationship due to your partner’s money mismanagement?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
Can someone evoke love wherever they go?
Having had serious relationships with people of several races, I understand interracial relationships. But why do some people refuse to date their own race?
How do I break up with the man that I have loved for over 23 years and still deeply love?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
Why do I keep looking for love from outsiders? My parents are not alive, can this be one of all the reasons?
If you had to choose between a guy you love, but who earns less, and a guy who earns a lot and loves you, which one would you choose?
How can a person find a true love who can get him to live his life again happily?
Have you found long-lasting love with someone who left his ex because of you?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What is a job that I will love to do for 100 years?
What are some of the cutest, unbelievable yet real love stories; that would restore my bestie's faith in love?
How do you know if a guy's the right one? On what basis do you accept a proposal from a guy?
How do I know the difference between “he really loves me” and “he only loves me”?
My high school boyfriend of one month told me he loves me. What do I do?
Can I still fall in love in my 20s?
Is it possible for a man to love two women?
How do I say I love you to my parents?
Why does heart represent love?
I fell in love with a guy over the phone. He feels the same about me although we never met, is it really love?
Have you ever been high or stoned and proposed to your crush?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Is the Kolmogorov complexity ever found in the love life of couples or in dating?
Why does she want me to stay in her life while she loves someone else?
Is it me or is Selina's meanness amped up in Veep season 6? I found her quite endearing previously but now she seems too obnoxious and unlikable.
Are there any tips for making love to taller women?
How do people establish love-hate relationships? Why do they stay in them?
Can we find true love in the UK at the age of around 20?
Can we define love in a just a single line?
After proposing to a girl, she said that she is not interested in a relationship. What should I do?
Can love be induced? 'He loves you more than words can define'—can this be the reason to fall for him?
How does it feel to get old without finding real love?
What do you do when you ex loves you but you don’t love them the same?
What are the sites for the sweetest love quotes?
How can I overcome my breakup though I still love him?
Will anyone ever love me? Will I ever get a boyfriend?
Is it possible to fall in love with a robot?
Is love important to reach the peak of consciousness?
How did Quora change your love life?
If you constantly feel that somebody is missing you, thinking about you and loves you, what does that actually means?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
What should I do if a girl tries to not love me but when I text her daily, we have had long conversations?
Is respect a combination of fear and love?
Is it hard to love a girl?
Is it possible, as Tolstoy suggests, to live by the law of love without exception?
Do Turkish girls love Africa?
How do I stop loving a man that I want, and love and share children with? I don't know how to let go.
Is there such thing as loving too much? After 3 years of self-exile, I am trying a relationship again. But what’s "too much"?
What is the meaning of the sentence:"loving yourself is remembering when there was no one to wipe your tears you did it yourself"?
How do I know if he truly loves me even though he cheated on me with his twin brother’s wife? He thought I was cheating, so he did. Does he love me?
Are we supposed to share our dark side and secrets to our lover? Or is it ok to keep a dark secret part?
What is the love language of a female enfp?
How do I decide whether or not to date someone? I’ve met very nice guys but just can't seem to want to be with them. I feel like I'm waiting to fall in love.
How does it feel for a woman to make love with another woman?
Who is your love?
What do you mean by I love you?
How do you know if a boy really likes you as a girlfriend?
Does pure love still exist?
How should I handle my stress?
What is the best way to break up with my boyfriend of 6 months?
Has anybody out there fallen in love online, met in person, and continued with a permanent relationship?
My boyfriend has a really bad home environment. He is lovely at times, but would scream at me everytime I did something wrong. What should I do?
To which song should I propose to her to?
Why do you get butterflies in your stomach when you like someone?
What can I do to continue fighting for someone I love?
My present lover has a problem with my hyperactive sexual history with my ex. It is damaging my relationship. What should I do?
After being heartbroken and cheated on, can a man truly fall in love again?
Is the feeling you get when you want to pet an animal the same as that of when you want to caress a person you love?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How can you know that a girl really loves you and want to spend her life with you?
It is so wonderful now to have female genitals. Can I now make love as a woman?
My girlfriend spends too much time with another guy. Does she have feelings for him?
Is love magical forever? Or do the magic and excitement fade with time?
Is love an attraction in 11-to-20 year olds?
My dad told me repeatedly that I don't love him for years. How do I fix my relationship with my father?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
How can I follow a girl on Instagram if she is not accepting my request to follow? I’ve loved her for the last 3 years and she still doesn’t know me :(
What is it like being possessive on a girl who doesn't have any feelings on me? What should I do now?
How do you cope with missing someone and always wondering about them as far as who they're with and what they are doing?
Can a 25-year-old fall in love with a 46-year-old?
Could my need for love be the reason I have put up with so much negativity from my now ex-girlfriend and her lies of loyalty? I'm diagnosed with BPD.
Is love worth it?
Why is it that women love soft toys and strong muscular men too? I mean they are poles apart, aren't they?
Why can't my friend love me even though he's not gay?
Why do I love him, even though I now know it was a lie?
How does one deal with a jealous and overtly competitive sibling, and how does one keep loving them?
I fell hard for someone I only dated for 1 month. He dumped me after sex. Now, I often see him in our small town. How do I get over it? It's been almost 6 months.
Is it my mistake that I have fallen out of love with my GF? What's the reason for the loss of my true feelings for her?
What is the best way to kiss a girl in order to make love relationship between her and I?
Why do people pressure me, and others, to find love and expect us to want to do so?
What happened to your ex who left you for someone else?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How should I deal with embarrassment/shame in front of a loved one ?
What is the universal definition for the emotion of love?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I win a girl’s heart?
What are some real conversation of love proposal?
What is your single biggest fear/question on caring for a loved one at home?
Which kind of love is true?
Why isn't he interested in coming back to me again, even when I told him I changed my mind about sex? Why can't I seem to forget him?
I really like this girl, but she has an STD. What should I do?
How do I save a teenage girl who is in a "not-real love" relationship but doesn't realize it?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How do you love an Aries woman?
Do fangirls of creepypasta love them in a relationship way?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
Why is it that most men just want sex while women seek love?
There's this artist named "takurou". I really love his work. How can I put in a request for a specific doujin?
Should me and this girl text a lot before I ask her out?
Can a man with low EQ truly love a woman? Can he learn to express his feelings? Is it worth sticking around with someone like that?
Why doesn’t my boyfriend want to stop his friendship with a too-close female friend who flirts and wants to date him? He says he doesn't love her.
If a lady is in her 40s and hasn't find her love yet, what should she do?
I just hope that one day I'll find the love of my life so I won't have to be so lonely anymore. Should I feel this way?
Why do girls leave a guy for her parents?
She loves someone who doesn't make her happy, who "hurts" her, what can I do to convince her she shouldn't stay with him?
What is the most romantic and funniest way respectively to ask her for a date?
How do we know that it is a final breakup with one whom we love?
What do you call someone who loves Australia? (Like there are Anglophiles and Sinophiles and Francophiles, but what do we call Australia lovers?)
Me and my boyfriend were together for three years but he proposed to another girl. He is begging for one last chance. Should I give him a last chance?
Is Ymir in love with Historia?
Does he love me if he calls me daily?
I know that a boy really likes me but he never tries to tell me about it. I want him to be straight forward. What should I do?
Why can one fall in love with a teacher or a boss? What tools can help to prevent feelings from hindering the work?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
The girl I like thinks that I'm a waste of space on this earth. She thinks that I'd be better off dead. Should I agree with her?
Who is the best vashikaran love specialist in India?
When you like your opposite sex friend, how can you distinguish this feeling from love?
Can you be in love if you breathe deeper and smoother than you usually do when you remember that person?
Can you recommend a book about love?
Why don't introverts fall in love easily?
Why do I love somebody but hate myself for loving him?
How do you know that your boyfriend loves you, when he seems not caring?
You love someone but also you're afraid to lose them so you avoid commitments, relationships, etc. with them. What advice do you have for this?
What keeps family together? Love or responsibility?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
I am in love with a girl, and she loves me, too, but we are both in need of security. Is this okay?
How do you say goodbye to the man you love before killing yourself?
What are some good debate topics about relationship, love, or gender?
What are some good shows if I have loved Reign?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
How do you cope when you lost a loved one?
What is true love (a place to live or leave)?
What is an unexplainable love?
How does an INTJ deal with unrequited love?
What do you think about love?
What's the best way to reveal to your parents that you are in love?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Is it possible for a woman to love a man more than him loving her?
What is the most twisted, painful, experience/coincidental situation/romantic relationship you've been involved in before?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What's your "safe place" & why?
A guy has liked me for 7 years now. I rejected him and he said that I will learn to love him if only I will accept him. Should I give him a chance?
How can I know whether the girl is loving?
Why will a guy pretend to want something serious and do things to try to make you fall in love, if he only wants sex? What is the point?
How do I have a good relationship if my girlfriend and I are shy when we are near each other?
How do you "love" more?
Have you ever passed up a great job opportunity to pursue a relationship with someone whom you love? Was it worth it?
He says he loves me but he can also be distant. Does he have real love for me? I need romance but does he show it?
Why and how could someone who says that he or she loves you break up with you the very next day?
What should someone do to totally end an LDR even though they still love each other so much and have had no problems at all since they started to have an LDR?
Why are Indians facing hatred worldwide?
What is the meaning of love excuse?
If a girl ditches a boy, what is the worst punishment the boy can give to her?
There is a girl who has a crush on me everyone think I like her too. But I actually love another. Which one should I choose?
How do I deal with love failure which I try to forget but keeps coming to me every night?
I never feel good enough. Why do I deserve love?
Men and women, on the average, which of them can fall in love easily? Why?
Can a scammer really fall in love with the person he scammed?
What are the most memorable things you've had a girlfriend do that further proved her love?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Which is better, I like you or I love you?
How do you deal with a deep sense of longing towards someone you truly love?
Why are you single till now and with no past relationships? Why don’t you want to get married or get committed in India?
What do you love about doing a PhD?
How do I get over the fear of never being romantically loved?
I really like this guy and he's a good friend of mine. But he is in love with this other girl that he is also waiting for. What should I do?
What misconceptions are assumed about female Libras by the men you love who don't appreciate you because of your niceness?
Is it love or just attraction? I am a girl and I’ve liked a guy for a year. We both talk a lot but I am not sure about my feelings.
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
If you love someone, do you think your pride all comes from them?
How does it feel for someone who has a lover that lost interest in them?
Why would my Narcissistic ex openly declare his hate for me, and then post subliminal messages on social media about his love for me?
How do I find what I love, as a 15 year old?
How can I make a girl I love not hate me?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
How do you know your ex still has feelings for you even though she says she doesn't?
Why do girls love to reveal their body?
Should I befriend a guy who already has a girlfriend?
What should I do when the person I started to feel something for has left the country and I am still not sure if he is the one?
There is a guy that I love and I have a huge crush on him. He is really sweet and good-looking. How can I be one of his friends and eventually, boyfriend?
What's the main drawback of working in A*STAR if one loves research?
How do know when someone truly loves you?
Is it so hard for people to love each other without any excuses?
Do your partner's facial features sometimes bother you? Is it normal?
After she left me, she told me she hopes that we get back together in a few years. Today, she's telling me that she doesn't want to anymore. Why?
Can I trust a man who is 20 years older than me?
It's been more than one year since I've broken up with him. I'm in a relationship and so does he but it's hard to forget him. It's hard. What to do?
After I gave him our first kiss, every day he would ask for it. If we hug each other, he touches my butt, he said he just loves it. Is this normal?
Why is it so hard for a man to say "I love you"?
Is true love more than just a chemical reaction?
My girlfriend wants breakup because of different caste. We love each other so much. What should I do?
How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Why do I have the urge to tell random people "I love you"?
Do girls respect when guys are in a relationship?
What form of love is healthiest, what kind of love is best, and why?
Do our parents still love us even if we hurt and disappointed them?
Would you marry a girl who has slept with guys before you?
How do you deal with a loved friend who places unreasonable expectations on you?
Why does a woman fall in love with a man after they have sex?
Has any IITIAN guy or girl been in a relationship since his JEE preparation days and finally married the love of his life?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How do I get over a breakup? I love her so much, but due to her attitude we broke up, and now it’s almost impossible to live without her. What can I do?
How many years can anyone wait for their first love?
What are the things inside your head that makes you love or hate a song?
Is it realistic that a man be completely naive in ways of dating and still find love?
Why do most men love a girl for the sake of sex?
What are the most 'seems impossible' love stories?
If a girl knows you like her, but thinks you're mad at her, how do you know if she cares?
How does it feel when our heart is broken?
Is it stupidity to dream about love everytime at the age of 18?
What should I do to make someone who can’t forget her past love or relation, like me?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Have you been passive in a position to keep someone you love?
What are the places where people can have some private time with their loved ones in India? (This is for students who can't do it at home.)
If a guy that likes me got mad and blocked me because I didn't reply, does that mean he actually cares or doesn't care about me?
What should a guy do if a girl is not interested in love, but she accepts his proposal just to pass the time?
Is it weird to love ancestors you haven't met?
After how many months the "I'm in love with her" phase turns into "I love her"?
What is love, and how can I feel it?
Why do I dream of my first incomplete love after a regular interval even if I never think about her and had moved on?
Can there be anyone who is not in love with Mango?
This guy at my school accuses me of spamming his hangouts. How do I prove to him that I'm not?
What if your romantic partner was of another gender? Would you still love them?
As a father, do you love your immediate family more than your old 'childhood' family?
Whom would you choose: your present partner or the same partner who time traveled to you by realizing her mistake of breaking up which happens later?
Is some vulgarity needed in lovebird’s romantic conversations?
Is it true that real love never fades away and has a way of coming back no matter what? (If both partners were really in love)
Who moves on first from a long-term relationship? The dumper or the dumpee?
Do you give importance to love in your life?
Why would my wife tell me that the boyfriend she had in high school is her true love?
How do I know whether my boyfriend is truthful or not?
Why some Afghans doesn't love Russians?
How do I stop feeling turned on every time I think of him? I am married, have children, and love my husband but I can't stop thinking about this guy.
Is Melania a victim of Trump? Young and poor from a third world country, she was enticed to the riches even if she really does not love him.
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
How can I tell if my GF truly loves me?
What should I do to find someone who will make me feel loved?
Can you ever forget your childhood love?
Why did take so long to find true love?
Why do women fall in love with friends with benefits?
Is it okay for a 25-year-old boy and a 20-year-old girl to fall in love? Is it okay for them to think of getting married in the future?
How can I love myself, without anyone's approval?
What do I do if I'm in love with someone that I don't see myself spending my future with?
What should a girl do if she is in a 2-year relationship and her boyfriend always forgets her birthday?
How can someone treat someone they love with a total lack of respect?
Jealousy isn't a proven love: Agree or disagree?
What are the benefits of never falling in love?
Is this correct: "Oh! This melt my heart seeing how much he loves his daughter."?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What should I say to someone I love, after I unintentionally upset them with something that I said?
Is there any secret love going between Prabhas and Anushka?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
How do you break up with someone without hurting them?
Can a person love again after being betrayed and cheated on the past relationship?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why do almost 99% of songs have something to do with love?
Can a straight woman fall deeply in love with a lesbian?
I think I've fallen for a guy I met online. Is it even normal?
How can love be explained in a psychological way?
Why am I always the person who tries harder in relationships (platonic or non)?
What is the difference between being in love to someone and being attached to someone?
Your ex, whom you loved, left you and is now with someone else. How are you? How do you feel?
How do you differentiate between lust and true love?
What should I do when my girlfriend says she doesn’t love me anymore?
What does “love yourself” mean?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Why should I love myself, if I don't look good?
Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
What is your own personal definition of love? How does it make you feel?
How does a teacher handle it if he falls in love with a student?
What are some reasons can a healthy, financially secure individual with a loving family have to be unhappy in life?
What are some examples of cheesy love notes?
What is the one thing a romantic partner could do that would be absolutely unforgivable?
My wife said she love me but she said she don't believe in herself, what can I do?
What is love in actual terms?
If a person is physically attracted to you or talks in the same way and cares for you, does that mean that he/she loves you back?
I love my best friend's girlfriend and she loves him so much, and after I told her this she kissed me, what should I do?
My son just got engaged to a lovely girl, but her mother is terrible. What do I do?
How do I know if what I feel is really love or not?
Could a dog, food, and a degree be what gets a girl back in a relationship after she broke up with you?
Can someone, who you have a crush on, get jealous when you're with someone else even though they're not interested in you?
How do I know that I am in love with someone, rather than in love with the idea of being in a relationship with that someone?
How do I differentiate between being in love and feeling loved?
A girl I like a lot hasn't talked to me in 3 years. How do I break this ice? Even if we are just friends, I love talking to her and miss it badly.
How can I find out if I have fallen in true love? How can I know the difference between love & attraction?
Why do people change too fast, even your loved ones?
Should I date this Egyptian girl that I recently met?
What is the translation of "why do we always fall in love with the people we can't have?" in French?
How can I tell a girl who suffers from BPD that I love her?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
Have you tried to love someone who treats you as just a 'mere' friend?
My best friend no longer loves me and it's really hard for me, it has been a long time ever since but I couldn't get use to it, what should I do?
What is the name of the Hindi song, sung by a man, with the words: "layao mat choro" and "sunny Leone mery jaan he"?
Does religion matter in love?
How do I get over a relationship when we both love each other but can't be together?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
How should we deal with the situation where one person hates big wedding planning but the partner loves it?
I have a guy who likes me, he told me loves me. I freaked out and didn't say it back. It's been 3 months. Am I too heart broken to love?
What should you do if you are in love with someone that you know you can't have a future with?
Who is the first person that breaks your heart?
What can you do to find the person that you love?
When a straight woman tells her lesbian friend, “my heart is sure that he loves you but my mind is not,” what does she mean?
What are some pet names for a lover that will make her love you more than before?
I am deeply in love with a girl 2 years older than me. What does that tell about me?
Does anyone love food as much as me?
Can you fall in love with someone without meeting the person?
What advice do you have for someone who finds it difficult to be sincere and diplomatic at the same time, especially when the feelings are negative?
How many Libra women fall in love right away?
Should I wait to fall in love with my partner or find a new partner?
Have you ever hated loving someone?
Are your feelings misinterpreted when you love someone from a distance because you feel like they don't like you?
Can people still love you even if you don't love yourself? Can you still attract the attention of others despite the love that you have for yourself?
Is there something exciting that I can do for my girlfriend so she can be happy and remember it forever? I want something different from traditional methods of impressing girls.
How do I remove a lover from my life?
I love a girl and I proposed her, she said that she is not interested. What should I do?
Which should you choose between love and career if you have nothing in your hand?
What if love comes back (says dumped girl)?
How do love hormones secrete when we see certain patterns?
What should I do if I love a girl and she doesn't know but I never get the chance to tell her that I have feelings for her?
What should I do if I love a girl on Instagram that I have been talking to for 3 months?
If your dog got used to his new loving family, have you ever met his former owner and had the impression that it would still prefer to go back to him?
Why do we get hurt when our loved ones don't understand us? Why do we get hurt a lot when we try to fix the problem, even if it's not because of us?
Is it possible to love two ladies so much at the same time?
How do I start feeling worthy of a girl’s love?
Why did my friend start ignoring me when she came to know that I am in love with her?
Do Americans really love D. J. Trump for who he is?
How could I trust and fall in love with someone that I met online?
Why do people fall in love again and again?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
Why does love always lose, when it stands against money?
Do you believe in true love? If so, do you have a story of yours to share?
What can I do to make a girl love me and not my money?
If a person you were in love deeply, having future plans with him, chose his family and left you all of a sudden, how should you react?
How does it feel for a 50-60 year old man to stop loving his long-time partner and fall in love for a younger woman who answers to his feelings?
Who should be Wonder Woman's love (if anyone)?
How do you get over having your heart broken especially when the person is still in your life?
How do you know if a person has been in love before?
I'm in love with that girl who think that I am a stupid and nonsense boy but honestly I'm very simple kind of boy. What should I do?
When do men realize that they have fallen in love?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
How do you know that your wife is telling the truth after having been caught in an emotional affair with the office boss?
What do you think is the deepest thing you know/feel about love?
What shall I do, truth or delayed truth?
How do you quit having feelings for someone?
Is a little insecurity in a relationship okay?
How do I love someone who is unique?
What if your boyfriend wants to take someone else’s son to get a suit, but you never met him, and he said it was none of your business?
Biologically, what creates that special feeling of love in your stomach?
What is it to finally find someone who loves you, understands you and completes you but cannot promise their whole life with you?
What should you say if someone tells you that she loves you but you have a girlfriend?
Have you ever loved anyone truly but had to leave her for her good?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
A girl loves me but her past horrible relationship has scarred her. Will waiting for her to be totally over her ex and start things anew be advisable?
Does love mean staying after your partner has cheated on you or letting go?
How do I say no to a homo guy who approached you for relationship if you are straight but still wants to be with him because he is your best friend?
Is my ex-boyfriend justified to be so upset with me for sleeping over at my guy friend's house the night after we broke up?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
How do I love a boy?
Who would you choose - a person who you really like, but who doesn't like you, or a person who likes you but you don't feel the same way?
What are 3 things you would love to do that you have never done before?
What do you do if you really love your wife and even though she's a good person and pretty you just don't desire her sexually at all?
How can I get over a girl who never respected my feelings for her?
What do I do if I get mixed feelings when my boyfriend of 6 months who loves me touches me?
What does a girl's silence generally mean in love matter?
Why did it take me so long to find true love?
Should I tell a girl my feelings about her, even if she is in a relationship?
Do you ever stop looking for love?
Having read a lot of successful love stories on Quora, are there any successful sex stories?
If Democrats love abortion so much, why don't they start having them all the time, so that you'll die out and we can have a real USA again?
Why do you love Quora and how has it helped you?
How do you cope up when you're afraid of love?
Can a guy fall in love with a girl when they are both the same age?
Do you believe in destiny when you fall in love?
Is relationship base on love?
Me and my best friend are very close. Yesterday she said, “I want a good boy friend”, then my heart skipped a beat. What do I do now, tell her my feelings or not?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Do you love your school?
What is a definition of the concept called "love"?
What would you do if someone whom you deeply love ignores you?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
What does it mean when your wife says you are not romantic?
What should I do if I love two people at the same time?
I’m 16. My boyfriend is 18. We’re deeply in love, but my parents will not let us date because he is black. What should I do?
How would you summarize the purpose of love in one sentence?
I don't want to settle down with anyone but I want to experience love in all it's colors. Is that mean?
How would you react if your lover said that he wasted his time and money on you?
Does a proposal change things in a relationship?
Do girls love handsome guys or guys who have good behaviour and character?
"I love you, but I want to love you more," he says. What does he mean by that?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
Which Supervillains killed their loved ones?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
Are “Respect the people, not their beliefs”, and “Hate the sin, love the sinner” two expressions​ of the same mentality?
Should I tell someone at work that I have feelings for them?
What shall I do if my bestfriend, a girl, likes my crush and she knows I like him too?
Is it weird to fall in love with someone online?
What will I do if there is no true love for me?
How can I really connect with Emma Stone? I really want to message her, but she doesn’t have an account on social media.
What is one thing you love about your friend?
Are guys willing to wait for the girl they like for 3 years?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
Do you believe in falling in love with someone on the internet who’s from a different nationality? What are a few different successful stories of this?
What's the best thing to do when Your girlfriend falls in-love with a Co-Worker?
What is the price to receive love?
How can you stop the feeling that you love your boyfreind so selflessly but yet, you feel less appreciated?
What can I do if a girl doesn't want to get more attached to me now as this will hurt her in the future?
Have you ever loved someone who doesn't want to be loved?
Do you think that everybody who is spamming loves it?
Have you teachers had a crush on another teacher before?
What can be done if a person feels they are not being cared for or loved in a relationship?
What happens, especially long-term, when people fall in love with their opposite?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
How do you get over the pain of someone leaving you?
Must I love my family? I have never been close to them. My mom often spanked and insulted me when I was a child, even in public.
Can you be lovers and friends?
Why do women love being a mistress?
If one has a crush on two people at the same time, could they consider themselves polyamorous?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
If a husband smacks the fear of God in his wife, does that show love or respect for her?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
I really love Pakistan, why?
How will a guy know whether she had for feeling for him?
How would I make love to a Russian man?
Is the love and care of both parents really important for a better upbringing of a child?
What is the best love match for a Leo man?
In love what is more important, physical attachment or mental attachment?
Why do Westerners love Thailand?
How do you move on and get over someone who you like, but shows no interest in you?
You know the person you love can't marry you. He loves you but is practical and you are emotional. How can you be on good terms till you are together?
This girl broke up with me for not eating her homemade samich (sandwich). Why?
What should I do if I can't do things I love because my family is negative and not supportive?
Why is the concept of love so overrated?
What is love supposed to do for you, and what does that tell you about the limits of a loving relationship?
Does just sex ever turn into love?
Is Gatsby truly in love with Daisy or just the idea of her?
Why women love travelling?
My crush confessed that he is getting over his barely-there feelings for me. Would it be worth it to enter a relationship with him?
Yesterday my boyfriend told me he is bisexual. I love him, but I am not sure if I should break up with him or not. What should I do?
Do you think I should just tell him what I want?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
(Egyptian male) I believe in free love and free sexuality, how can I find free lovers like me?
Did you ever get over your first love? If so, how? How long did it take?
How do I know if I love problem-solving?
Fell in love with a divorcee. He is shy and introverted. He denied my proposal. What should I do now?
Do men love to cruise whom they love?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who resembles them or their parents?
What are the things that you love being a granparent?
I'm a guy and so is my best friend, and also I'm in love with him. What must I do?
What is the psychology of a person who cares too much?
My girlfriend has cheated a lot in the past and said she doesn't want to. She says she can't help it. She falls in love too easily. What can I do?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Why do American girls love Persian guys?
Is it possible to listen to a love song without thinking of the past or dreaming of a future?
A 9th-grade boy fell in love with me. I am 19 years old now. What should I do? He is one of our family friends.
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How can I get back my best friend if she isn't talking to me because she is in love with my boyfriend?
I'm in a relationship, but I'm starting to like another guy. What should I do?
Is the relationship fine where communication between you and your partner is too less?
Is it weird that the person I fell in love with the most had no sexual chemistry with me at all?
When you're already in a relationship how do you know you're in love with that person?
Why do we fall in love with people we can't have?
What should I do? I love a person but I don't know whether he likes me.
How can I break through the silence between my friends?
The guy I was in love with, and my close friend ended up together. They cheated over the guy's ex gf. Can they live with it and be happy?
What are some subtle methods I can use to get a girl to confess her feelings?
What should I do if I love my best friend?
Did you ever fall in love with your ex all over again after years of breaking up with them?
What is appropriate in love and sex?
What is the value of square root of 3?
What if everyone actually had only one true soulmate on Earth?
Have you ever loved someone who stopped loving you?
How bad can first love be?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Were you ever in love with someone who suddenly left you without a closure or apology?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
Do male friends sexually exploit their female friends without being in love with them, and having no plans for marriage? Is he even a friend? Is he using her?
If a girl wants to die for her love, then doesn't she know the value of parents?
How do I overcome a breakup? Is there any chance that we will overcome it by falling in love a second time?
What if a boy has not yet proposed to a girl but he loves her truly and genuinely?
Is there anything like love at first sight, or is that mere infatuation?
How do people date one person and then just move on and date another person? How do you stop loving your ex?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
What is the best way to handle unrequited love?
How many girls don't support premarital sex at any cost in India and why ? Do you agree it’s a sin and risky?
Why do most guys my age (14-17) just not care about love and actual relationships?
I love her but I did not talk to her for one year without any reason, how should I proposed her?
Why didn't people in Naruto use Edo Tensei to resurrect the people they love?
What was the exact moment that you realized you actually weren't in love?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
What is the best way to learn about love?
A girl says she's in love with me over text, so how do I make her fall even more in love with me?
Do you think that love is overrated?
Is it possible for someone to never fall in love? Attractions & bonds that last 2-3 months don’t count.
What does it feel like for lesbian and bisexual women to be in love with a woman?
How do you know if a person is very much in love with you when you haven't met yet?
Can same sex best friends fall in love?
What brave work has ever been done by a girl when she loved someone?
I hate school but I love learning. What am I suppose to do with this?
When we fall in love with someone, is it the denial that we fear or the rejection before telling that person?
Do girls love it when boys go down on them?
Is love more important than a career?
Which places in Delhi are the best to visit in one day?
I really like this girl and I want her in my life.I am ready to change everything in my life for her.What should I do?
Is it possible for a narcissist to really love his dogs?
I broke up with my first love after a year and a month. She’s really happy now and I regret what I’ve done, what should I do?
What is the dark side of a falling in love with a hot and sexy girl?
What is the best way to help someone with BPD be happy and love life?
If a boy and girl dance with each other, does it necessarily mean that they are in love with each other?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Why does she say I love you then ignores me?
I love Netflix and I love reading and I can never seem to do both of them. How can I find the right balance?
Why do I love my friend so much?
After one year of being in a relationship, my boyfriend confessed to me that he has a drinking problem. How can I help him?
What do you do when you like somebody that you worked abroad with and they move back home?
How do I show my daughter I do love her?
Why does it seem that men move on so quickly and easily?
Is accidentally falling in love with a person whom you see as potential a friend wrong?
How do people fall in love with their best friend?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Love is never the answer, love is monstrous and viscous, harsh and unkind. Why do people love? I don’t get the appeal.
Why is that you can feel unloved even with people around you who love you and care about you?
What should you do, when you love someone, but can't express your feelings for the fear of losing that person?
Is it nice to cheat in love and relationships?
Should one pursue love or self-growth and be a successful human? Is it possible to balance both?
Is it so easy for boys to forget their relationship so easily?
I’m in love with my best friend, and she is also a girl, but it's complicated. What should I do?
How do you get over someone you deeply loved that betrayed you?
What are some of your unrequited love stories?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Why does it seem like my ex-narc is normal and treats his family in a normal way if he is in fact incapable of loving?
At what point does a love of money stop being "pro-welfare" and start being "greedy"?
If you have the chance to get your first love back, will you do it?
What's the difference between romantic and platonic attraction?
What 3 words would you say if your lover asked you to say 3 magical words?
What is the best way I should do to reject the love of a married man who happens to be my close friend without ruining the friendship?
Is it okay to still be emotionally attached to my ex when I'm in a relationship?
What are some thoughts on the concept of soulmates?
Do you ever feel guilty of being in love (romantic love)?
Do names have any connection with love?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
Can you find out if your boyfriend is chatting with someone else?
How do I call off a relationship when other person loves you very much and you don't want to hurt them but at same time you can't stay with them?
Why is love so hard to predict when it comes to psychics? Is it because of freewill?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
If Lyanna loved Rhaegar why did she want to live without him? (She said to Ned, "I don't want to die.")
Where can I learn how to love well?
Why is love-related things considered dirty to some people? What is the dividing line between clean love and dirty love?
What hurts more after a breakup, the loss or the betrayal?
I am in love with my female teacher, what should I do?
How does a girl want a boy to approach her?
What do you think about the situation?
How do you come to know that you have fallen in love with another person?
Should I move on from my girlfriend if she doesn't want to marry me and has asked me many times to forget her if I want to marry?
Does he really like me? His friends say he does but he denys it when I ask if it's true.
A guy flirts with my gf and I asked her to stop reciprocating when he is flirting. Is this okay?
If they had the choice, would women rather receive a gift of expensive jewelry, or a romantic poem written by the man who loves them?
Is it legally possible for a 23-year-old boy to love a 17-year-old girl in India?
How do I confess my feelings to a guy friend?
Are love and physics interrelated?
How can I forget him if we have a daughter?
What is meant by lost love?
You don't criticize someone you love. If you criticize someone, that means you don't love them enough. Are these statements true?
Is it possible to love someone, who loves you crazily, after breaking up from a deep, 4-year relationship?
I'm not sure I've ever loved my parents. I'm a healthy and functioning adult otherwise. What's wrong with me?
Is love intentional or just naturally unexpected?
How do I deal with someone whom I love deeply but she ignores me?
Would you love a troubled girl?
Why is first love so hard to let go? How do we learn to fall in love again for the second time?
Why do India’s neighbours hate India so much?
How do I contact my crush if she isn’t on any social media?
How do I 'Love Life'?
How many times a person can fall in love with same person again and again?
What sticking points do you have when it comes to dating and relationships?
How do I come out of unrequited love of 7 years?
How do I discover myself? I want the detailed process. 'Love yourself, do self-assessment' these short phrases don't help much. Can I have some tips?
A girl I dated ended things after 4 months because she doesn't want a boyfriend. She still wants to hang out all the time. Is there hope for us?
Isn't love merely a metaphorical construct in the 21st century?
Why do men cheat despite their wives' love and support for them?
I'm in love with my boyfriend's friend. It’s eating me up inside. Should I confess my love to him?
What will I do about my love as he is too much short-tempered?
Why is animal abuse not taken as seriously across Europe as in the United States?
How long does it take to get over your parents' death?
What should I do when I love someone but he doesn't know about it, and I am too shy to tell him?
Is it possible to reconcile after a dirty break up, especially when we still love each other, despite foolish banter?
What should I do if the girl I love is suddenly avoiding me?
Have you ever loved someone whom you rejected earlier?
Does a teen know what true love is?
Two active meth addicts began dating. She says it's love. Is it really love or the drugs making her feel in love?
Do parents love their kids unconditionally, or do the kids have to earn their parents' love?
Is it possible to get someone back who was deeply in love with you?
Have you fallen in love? How was it?
I have a very serious problem with detecting subtle emotional signs of very deep, upsetting feelings from my partner. What can I do?
She couldn't decide between me and the other guy. What should I do?
What is silent​ love​?
How has your love cheated you?
How do you believe in love again after the end of a serious relationship?
Does true love really exist in this era?
How can I know that my best friend loves me when he even doesn't have the time to message or call me and forgets about meetings?
My boyfriend thinks I fake orgasms when I’m intimate with him, and it isn’t even true. How do I make him believe me?
Do men think about us a lot if they love us?
Concerning love, what are a girl's expectations from a guy without any relationship experience?
Do shy introverts reject someone even if they really love that person? If so, then why?
Why does God send messengers and avatars only for humans?
How many of you are fans of Dhoni?
Why is it that I fall for women that look the same as my first date?
I love anything to do with same sex relationships, is this caused by my pansexuality?
How can I express my immense love to my boyfriend?
Can I get my ex back as I still love him?
I like two people at the same time but which one should I choose?
This guy was madly in love with me, why is he ignoring me?
What are some bad examples of failed love marriage in India, and why?
Why don’t some people respect love?
How do you get over the person you loved with all your heart but who is no more yours?
Does she not love me?
Is it possible to hate someone you love more than anything?
Am I the only one who's in love with Christian Yelich (Miami Marlins LF)?
What is more important at the age of 19 in India, love or study?
My friend is going through emotional child neglect yet she loves her mum too much to leave her. How do I convince her to get help?
Is it normal to get sad if my parents tell me they love me?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How can I move on after getting rejected by the girl I love?
You meet the love of your life but the only way you can be together is to be an illegal immigrant. What do you do?
Can you love someone from your childhood?
How did you feel when you buried your love inside your heart without expressing it?
Does it feel good to lead someone on?
Why do some boys fall in love again and again, yet are so desperate to fall in love each time?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
I have known this woman for 47 years. She said she loves me like a brother. I'm in love with her. What should I do?
Can love be simple and quiet?
Which child actors did you have a crush on?
Do girls also fall in love? How do they feel when in love?
Why can't I get lucky in love?
What happens next after you fail in love?
If you are attached, does it mean you are not in love?
I am in love with my crush, but she doesn't seem to notice me. What should I do?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Why is making love different from porn?
Who gets cheated in love: girls or boys?
When two people are in love, why does the third one come in between them?
Who are some celebrities that everyone loves but who just aren't attractive to you? Some of mine include Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively.
Is it really worth it to dump a person over looks even if he/she truly loves you?
Why are women so quick to fall in love?
Would you jump off of a cliff to save your loved one’s life?
How can I write a good love letter to my wife?
Don't you think that love is simply a physical law that tricks us into feeling certain things to ensure the reproduction of our species?
Did anyone find his/her first love on the Delhi/Mumbai metro?
What is the best way to break someone's heart, to get back at them for breaking yours?
What's the feeling when female make love?
All my life, I never received any female attention. Suddenly this girl starts getting attached to me for no reason. But I don't feel anything. Why?
What exactly makes us fall in love?
She betrayed me, but still she wants to be with me, but she also loves him. What should I do?
I just wish that I were actually happy for once, I wish I had someone to just hug me or hold my hand, I just want to feel wanted. What should I do?
If you love a girl in your city who has a boyfriend far away from your city, and sometimes she hates her boyfriend and talks to you, would you propose to her?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Which is more powerful, willpower or love?
How should I get over a guy who says he loves me but doesn't want a relationship?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
What is a good way to confess to the girl you love?
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too was a gift. What does that mean?
My boyfriend and I fight so much that I'm beginning to find him very unattractive, what should I do?
What are the best love life hacks?
Can we create feelings like love?
Can two people love each other their entire lives? Or does love always fade over time?
Do cats love us?
Where will love take you? To what extent will it influence people?
Why don't girls love or take interest in cooking from the heart in India right from their teenage years anymore?
I just dumped my man because I'm not sure if he still has feelings for his kids mother. Did I overreact?
My parents did not want me to date this girl because of her family background. What should I do?
What's a good short love letter for your girlfriend on your two month anniversary? We are young so we can't do much.
How do you get the player type of man to commit when he’s reaching that point of change?
Why do people nearly know, nearly, love, nearly do?
What are famous romance writers' love lives like?
How do I find out whether my crush is having an affair with another guy or not? She is on a call with someone until 2AM after ending our call by stating she feels sleepy.
What can love do to your heart?
Why are the people who need love / affection the most the ones who are least likely to get it?
Who should be loved most in the home?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Has there ever been an item knitted by more than one person at the same time?
What points should you consider when you decide to go for a love marriage without your parents’ consent?
What would you do if your loved one died and came back as a zombie?
How can we get away from someone whom you love the most in this world but he is hurting you and breaking your trust since 5 years?
Is it true love if it's not mutual?
Why do I want to have someone to love as a boyfriend or husband if I am only 13?
How do I choose a girlfriend if everybody loves me (male or female, young & old)?
There was "puppy love" in hindsight, when do we reach adult domesticated carnivorous mammal love?
What do u think about love?
What can you do to show the man you love he's worthy? And perhaps get him to assist you without bothering him?
How long will it take anyone to let go of the mistakes of that person whom​ they love the most?
Why do people love if they know they will just get hurt? Do they love because they just want to have a child?
What is the darkest side of falling in love?
Is there pain in true love?
What shows that you still love your partner after so many years of staying together?
What is love for a Bengali girl, after a breakup?
How long do sane people wait for someone they love? In their twenties? Thirties? Forties? Fifties? Sixties? Does age matter?
How do you feel when the one you love says “all men/women are the same”?
Should we regret taking our parent's side and give up the love for each other, which we considered the true love?
What does it feel for a man to make love to a woman when he is in love with another woman but cannot really be with her?
What make a person love extra in a relationship?
Is there always a way to kiss or you just fall into it?
Is it possible to love two women and live a normal life as their husband?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
What should I do? I find her sexually attractive and she finds me beautiful, but isn’t in love apparently.
Can someone forget someone they love the most?
What is your heartbreaking love story with respect to the person who hurt you? How did they feel about hurting you?
What happen if a couple break up but both of them still have feelings with each other?
How can I overcome the guy I loved and he broke up with me for someone else?
Coming from a broken home family and kind of cheated on once and surrounded by people in infidelity, what should I do to believe in love again?
How can I make my girlfriend feel like a woman?
How do I get over my love for my lifelong best friend because I'm terrified to tell her?
I am 45 and I am in love with a 30 year old woman. Can such a relationship happen and last?
Is it wrong to ask for an act of love?
I love the smell of petrol, diesel, kerosene very much and I love to inhale it. Is there any fault in me?
How did Fermina Daza stop loving Florentino in Love in the Time of Cholera?
My boyfriend left me to be with some girl with whom he fell in love with. Now he wants to be with me coz she didn't reciprocate. Should I accept him?
Is a man genuinely interested in a woman if he says he crazily loves her but tacitly avoids meeting in real life and brings up excuses on this pretext?
Is it bad I've never met a woman who understands me?
Will I see my loved ones again after death?
What is it like to live with (Indian) parents who love each other and are not afraid to show it?
Many guys go out and talk with me because they want to have sex with me. I hate my body because no one loves me truthfully with his heart. What can I do?
Why do I see love relationships as a game?
Does yahweh love blood?
If a person loves your character, and not your physical appearance, is it true love?
What makes you fall in love with someone and how do you know if it's love?
Do you still believe in "love at the first moment"?
Is this statement true- "If you have to sacrifice something you love, to keep someone in your life, means that person is the wrong person for you"?
Will overtalking daily reduce the love between couples?
Does one ever really find what he/she is looking for?
Is it possible to love someone forever who doesn't love you?
How can I divert my attention from love failure to concentrate on my passion?
What is love? How can it be explained in a single line?
What if she loves me so much but she don't show any sign of relationships? She only keeps on calling me every time; what does it mean?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend's crush and you know that he loves you back but he doesn't confess it? He doesn't love her.
How do I start a relationship in college?
What would you suggest for someone who believes in nothing, apart from love but isn't currently in love, so finds little purpose?
Is it possible that you don’t feel loved? What could be possibly causing it?
How can we realise god or how can we experience that infinite love?
If you truly love doing something, does it mean that you will never have to push yourself to do it?
What does it feel like when you are neither friend-zoned, nor bro-zoned, nor accepted as a boyfriend?
How can you tell when your lady is seeing someone else?
Do you have a song that symbolises your Love for your partner?
Why do people tend to fall in love with someone who has similar traits as them?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
I love to give girls money. Do I have a problem?
What are your thoughts on Master of None Season 2?
Which is more important at the age of 22, love or studies?
Is it okay to fall in love with my first cousin?
What does it mean if your loving, caring, devoted spouse tells you he has never been "in love" with you or anyone?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How do you get over someone or stop loving someone before you catch big feelings?
When is too early to say I love you?
How can you forgive those who break you out of love, fail to apologise then give you a gift and expect a thank you?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they are most of the time?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
Can you experience deep, intimate, lasting love with someone you've known for one week?
When a man asks his girlfriend "who was that guy", why does the phrase feel very different from "who was that girl" when a girl asks her boyfriend?
Why do so many people from all over the world love Spain so much?
What does it mean when a guy can't look at you, even when you're standing right next to each other, after you reject him?
How do I learn to fall in love again after a massive heartbreak? I’ve been single for 8 years now.
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
What do you love about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
We both are 18. How do I propose to her? She is career-oriented and less talkative, but friendly with a caring nature.
What happens if a girl you love (and she loves you back) takes you for granted?
If you had to choose between love and career, what would you choose? Are you ready to risk it all?
What should I do with my boyfriend in a long-distance relationship? He hates to communicate over the phone but he loves me.
If a person you were in love with chose his family, leaving you all of a sudden, how should you react to it?
Is the problem of not finding love due to the fact that not everyone is attractive?
What is the quote about love is infinite?
Do you ever think about your boyfriend/girlfriend when they are not there with you?
I really like this girl but she rejected me because she doesn't want to date. We are pretty close and still talk. When should I confess again?
What is your relationship/love advice to a 22-23-year-old guy/girl?
Can a 13 year old be in love with a 22 year old guy?
How can I breakup with her, if I love her so much and I promised her I will never leave her no matter what, but she denies that she has a daughter with an ex?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What do you do when your father doesn't love you?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
How can someone be so loving, kind, sweet for 5 months then just decide they don't want to talk to you anymore? I'm so hurt.
How is it like to be in a relationship where both love each other unconditionally but know since the beginning that they can't be together?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Who is your childhood crush (movies/cartoons/real life) and do you fantasize/create interesting scenarios involving them?
My girlfriend cheated on me a few days ago for the second time. But I gave her a second chance because I really love her. Is my decision right?
How do you write “I love you my daughter no matter” what in French?
What is the hot business in the range of 15lakhs to 30lakhs in India?
He kissed me on my lips and afterwards he kissed me on my neck, and we are not even a couple. Do you think I should ask him about our status?
How do you stop loving someone who hates you?
A former POW kills his king. Can his widow fall in love with him?
How do people like Pushp Priyadarshi and other use jeevansathi.com/matrimony sites for playing with girls then later denying that they even know her?
What can happen when someone with BPD is truly abandoned by everyone they love?
How do I get my long-distance girlfriend back after a breakup?
Has anyone been in love and left because you realized that your partner still loves his/her ex?
Is it possible for a guy to not fall in love with a girl who he really likes and is attracted to?
I have a girl's attention and I think she's into me. How can I develop a relationship with her?
Is it possible to be a love addict?
If the meaning of life is to love, why do people have to be selfish jerks?
My girlfriend loves me but she don't have sexual feelings on me. She cheated on me with her friend. She can't think of me in that way. What can I do?
How do I get recognition without dismissing my own learnings?
How does a woman feel when she knows her partner is in love with another woman and that she may lose him at some point to the other woman?
If you are friends with your ex, does that mean your love was never real?
What are some principles of a long distance relationship, how do I prepare for one?
How can I help my 26-year-old son with Asperger's find a girlfriend and establish a relationship? He is dying for a love story, but girls avoid him.
What is that one thing you wouldn't want in your partner?
What should you do to unlove someone you love?
What should I do if a boy loves me a lot and I don't love him, but I love to talk and fight?
Is it worth it to never give up on love?
What do I do if I love my current girlfriend, but can't shake my (very strong) feelings for my past crush whom I also loved?
Should I accept him because he loves me if he is short in height (5'3″)?
How can we forget a person and move on if it’s a one-sided love and we are teenagers who talked about almost nothing in school?
Should I hate anyone around me or love myself when I'm in a huge trouble?
How do I know whether a girl likes me or not, even if I don’t know her?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
What are some platonic love novel with sad ending?
If you were a gay, what would you do to show your love to the man who is not gay?
Does true love happens more than one time?
Which is the perfect Bollywood movie to watch with my first love?
What should a person do if he/she realizes that he/she is not loyal to the one he/she loves? What if the person is not able to fulfill all the emotional desires that the other person did?
What does "I love you anyway" mean?
How does one continue after failing in love?
Can someone help me with the lyrics for my song?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
Is it okay for a girl to fall in love with a guy who is 8 years younger than her?
What are some love story novels with sad endings?
How can I love a girl who is older than me?
What would you do if you realize that you are in love with your enemy?
Can an attraction turn into true love ? If so, then how can we identify it?
What is the solution if you love someone but she loves someone else?
How do I tell someone I like how I really feel without compromising our friendship?
What are the three things you love the most in your life?
Do you think love is a process that one person plants the trees in whose shade another person rests?
How do you tell a guy you are in love without pushing him away?
How should I confess to my crush? I am leaving in 2 weeks and I want him to know I like him.
Writers, poets, musicians… they always describe who they're in love with as so beautiful, physically. If "looks don't matter", why do they do this?
He says that my voice makes him become erect through the phone, and he says he loves me. Is that normal?
How will an introvert realize when she is in love?
I know I'll never be able to break up with him. I love him too much. What do I do and how do I know if breaking up is actually the right thing?
Is it possible for a man to love a woman who is not his relative in a non-romantic way, i.e no physical attraction?
What should I do if I want my ex back, but he doesn't want me back?
Can showing love to a bad person change them?
Is respect more important than love?
How can I know if she still loves me?
I'm in love with the girl I rejected in the past. What should I do?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
I put a date with the girl who has fallen for me. She didn't come for some reasons. Should I give her another chance?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
My mind is a lot disturbed due to my relationship and I am not able to focus on studies and career. I love her a lot. What should I do?
How do I tackle a sweet manipulative girlfriend?
I feel for a girl but currently she is in a relationship, but the time spent with me makes me sure she has feelings for me, what should I do?
What is love? What is lust? What do both stand for?
How do sociopaths feel about pets? Do they love them or are they just another “thing” that they are forced to live with?
What are examples of good love lines?
Why do we fall in love with people that hurt us?
I am engaged to a stranger, which was arranged by our family. I'm beginning to have feelings for her, but I found out she has a boyfriend. What should I do?
Is it normal to hate and love one thing at the same time (for example, I hate humanity but love humans)?
Does starting to have feelings for someone equal falling in love? What's the difference?
How can I divert my mind from a failed love life and concentrate on my studies?
How can I just be friends with a girl I love with whom I was once in a relationship?
Why is it so compulsory to show our love, hatred, passion and sorrow on social media when we have people around with whom to discuss it who really care?
Do you feel love all the time in a relationship?
What do you think is the most beautiful way to love?
Two years back, there was this girl and we were both into each other but I broke up with her. Now, I just want to be her friend but she barely talks to me. What should I do?
Do you believe in love at first sight? And girls, would you find it weird if a guy you don't know would ask you for a date or your number?
If you have lived in a place for more than six years as a single woman and did not find love or a relationship after 5 years, would it be time to move on?
Why do we fall in love with the people that resemble our siblings mentally?
What is love, is it friendship?
She stopped loving me somewhere. She didn't want to admit it. Do I call off the relationship?
How can you show love to someone special so that they really understand how you feel at each point in time?
Can a damaged girl ever truly be loved by a good man?
What will you do in case a friend you've trusted so much broke your trust by being in a relationship with the guy who hurt you all along?
What do you think of loving someone so much that even if the person cheated on you, you want to stay with him?
I am deeply in love with someone and I almost feel like it is best to forget them, but the memories are too fond. What should I do?
Is there any truth to the idea that after falling in love your career is chopped away because you can’t handle love and studies simultaneously?
Have you ever had feelings for someone who was in a relationship? How did that go?
Would it be considered morally wrong to befriend a girl with a boyfriend, which then makes her leave him?
How can I make him realize that I trust​ him? By letting​ him take our​ private​ pictures​?
I’m a 15-year-old boy and I crave love and affection with a girl. I need to hug and cuddle etc. I don’t have a girlfriend. What do I do?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
In a long relationship, how do I make sure my girlfriend still feels loved by me in every way?
How do I overcome being in love with Ariana Grande because I don't ever have a chance with her?
My girlfriend doesn't want to be with me anymore, but I still love her. What should I do?
How do you feel when you've met your soulmate? I feel like I've met mine after he contacted me after 3 years.
Do women sometimes lead men on because they need someone to emotionally love?
Why do men love long hair on girls?
What are some extremely cute love quotes?
Is it possible to be loved unconditionally?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
Is it important for a girl to prove her loyalty and love only by physical involvement in the relationship?
Do you believe falling in love with the same person for the second time?
What should I do if I am not successful in love?
Can you change attachment into love?
Is it possible to love someone who you don't like?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Chinese Pride: Why are you proud of China?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
I am 18 and my girl is 17, so can I take her to a room, which I'll book, as she is a minor?
What does it feel like to love someone who doesn't love you in return?
Would you rather die and have your loved ones live or live with your loved ones dead?
Do you ever really get over your first true love? Can true love happen for the second time? Is it okay to still love that person even after moving on?
How do I stop being slipped away in love?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
What do you love/hate most about your school?
What are some of the best love statuses?
My father threatened to hurt me if I didn't "respect" him, I'm scared, what do I do?
Can love just vanish for someone when you've found someone better?
I'm afraid that if I leave my girlfriend, no one else will give her the love she deserves. This makes me feel trapped. What can I do?
Is it okay to break up with a person who still loves you, but you're supposed to do so just because your parents won't agree due to fearing society?
Why the lost loves try to mingle again?
What should a helpless person do when he/she has been seeking attention, care and love since childhood but has been unable to achieve it?
How can anyone know for sure if they are in love?
Sometimes two people need to fall apart to realize how much they need each other. Is it true?
Is love just all about sex and lust?
Could a British boy fall in love with a Mexican girl?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits if you're dating someone else who you say you love and want a future with?
When is the right time to ask someone if he/she wants to be in a relationship without getting rejected?
Can a class 12th girl suffer from depression? I was the most fun-loving girl, but now, I don't want to talk to anyone, I can’t concentrate, & I have become silent.
Based off of reality, what is unconditional love?
How can someone say that they love me and then neglect my needs?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
How do I reach the talking stage in dating?
Should I believe her when she says "It's not you, it's me"?
How does it feel to know that someone can never be yours, and yet you still fall for them?
How can I believe true love will come to me? How can I believe good guys still exist?
What's some good coping advice for someone who can love others but will never be loved?
How many of us married a spouse we never loved?
Have you been in love?
Is it possible to fall for a person just because he looks like your boyfriend who is no more?
What should I do to change my thoughts if I am feeling low and without confidence, after knowing that I am not going to be successful and rich in the future?
Nowadays, why do people fall in love with many people?
Can a person feel truly loved even if he decides to conceal part of his (bad) past?
What is the best way to find out if my girlfriend is still messaging or communicating with her ex if she doesn't have a phone?
I had been so much in love with this guy from college for several months. He insulted me very rudely on our graduation trip. Why would he do that?
Is it wrong to confess how good-looking you are? I told a friend “I look cute” and she freaked out and thought I was a psycho.
What does "stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo” mean? What does, “Love is just a quote & lying is the new truth" mean?
How do you romance a guy?
For the second time in my life, I have fallen in love with the wrong person. What should I do?
Has anyone fallen in love with a roommate?
I love a man, he says he doesn't love me back, but he do so many things for me. What do I do?
How do I love reading?
Why am I incapable of loving my partner unconditionally, while I love my friends almost unconditionally?
What should I do to get diverted from love?
Does Gray love Juvia?
How should I confess my love to my life long best friend?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Why is self-love so important?
Can a narcisscist really want to and actually only be with just one person?
Are your answers opinions or scientifically proven facts regarding marriages, relationships, love and breakups?
What can I do to get back with someone I hurt before?
What do I do if I like my best friend and he says he like me, but he is dating a girl and doesn’t want me to tell people he likes me?
I have been dejected in love and relationship. What should I do?
The Bible says, "God is love." Who, then, was God loving before he created everybody?
This guy I have a thing with told me he was single. But today he told me he broke up with his girlfriend! I want us to work, but now what do I do?
What do you love about your sister?
Why do Filipinos love money so much?
I love a guy, but he has a girlfriend. I'm in love for almost 6 months now. How should I move on without leaving the guy as he is my best friend?
I'm in love with another girl. I will never be with her because she does not know I exist and I cannot talk to her for some reasons. What can I do?
What is the best way for an autistic person to identify what love feels like in a dating relationship?
My girlfriend left me after 12 years and she told me she likes someone else. I am in pain. What should I do?
How can I take a relationship from friend helping friend into love?
Is it necessary to hate the rest of the world if you love someone?
How do I deal with my best friend and first love betraying me?
Why could someone openly deny his/her love for someone whom he/she love secretly?
How do I like/love myself?
Why do we love our car when we don't love our health/body?
How do you know that you are the side chick?
How do you say I love you in Enochian?
A girl cheated on me and is doing the same thing with others. How can I make her realize that she is doing wrong? What could be her motive?
What should I do if I like a girl so much, but I can't tell her?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What is the right thing to do in a fight between choosing love or family?
Have you found your passion? Do you think it's much better than finding the love of your life?
What are your true feelings on Matt Zhang?
Why do the person I like call me a psychopath for expecting love, care and attention from him?
Is it possible for people to fall out of 'love' in a few days?
Why is it rare to see Chinese men falling in love with women from other countries?
Have you ever been cheated by the one you loved the most? How did you deal with it?
Why does my crush seem off tonight? It is like there are two of them, maybe a twin? One moment the person is flirting, and the next this person is cold.
Can lost love be reignited years later?
Do you stay with the love of your life even when it feels like there's no hope left?
Should you lie to someone you love in order to protect their feelings?
I broke up with my girl cause she said I used her, I didn't even have sex because she didn't seem comfortable. I felt disgusted and hurt, was I right?
What would you think of a guy who left his girlfriend because of her horrific past? She was sexually harassed. She trusted him, but he left.
Did you fall in love for the second time?
What is your definition of self-love?
How many of you love krump and why?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
I don't think he's a narcissist. But he hasn't spoken to me in 3 months. He moved on to a new love. Is there any point in going no contact?
How do I make my crush fall in love with me, when we barely know each other?
What advice would an Indian girl give to a guy who has never had any past relationship in his life ?
What happens when love doesn't work?
How does it feel when you lose your virginity to someone you don't love?
Should I tell my friends and family about my new boyfriend who hardly comes around?
Can love and friendship never coexist? Does it always have to be one of the two?
What is a K-drama that will make me cry all along but has a happy ending? I loved Goblin, it was perfect.
Why are some people not easy to understand, even when they love you?
Is it okay to hate a few attributes about someone you love in the beginning? How does one deal with those feelings?
How do you make someone who hates your guts love you?
What is the real message of love from Nandini Gajrani?
This woman somehow got my number and saying she slept w/ my man and my man said he doesn't even know her. How do I know he's telling me the truth?
Does Littlefinger love his biological family?
Does lying to someone and keeping secrets really protect the ones we love?
Is there any special dua or trick to make someone you really love be in love with you?
How do I avoid the idea of having a loved one/girlfriend to complete myself?
When was the last time you listened to your heart?
How do I deal with my girlfriend’s past love?
What is the most romantic way to say sorry to your girlfriend that is a guaranteed way to forgiveness?
How do you seal a heart in love? I fell in love with someone in October. I felt electricity running. He cheated on me. I should stop thinking about him.
How do I make my friend love himself?
Is love at first sight really true?
Being married man/woman, if you enconter your husband/wife with his/her ex confessing true love, what would be your next step?
How do I love a girl more than me?
There's this guy who likes me and I like him too, but he has a girlfriend though he said things are ending between them. What should I do?
How do I ignore someone I love?
If someone loved everything about you, what would it feel like?
What does sans love?
What are some questions to think/ask myself about if I really do love her?
Have you ever met the love of your life only to find out it could not work out for other reasons?
Your twin flame must feel the same way as how you feel for them, do you agree?
Why are some people so judgemental when it comes to someone saying if they love themselves or not?
If love were a colour, what would it be and why?
How do you get over a heartbreak, especially when you were the only one in love with the other person for 5 years?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
What do you love most about your sister?
Is there truly an age for one to start loving/make love?
What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview?
Is it fair to leave someone because of bad sex?
Did you ever love someone so much that you end up getting blocked on Facebook \U0001f601?
What does "love" feel like?
Will I ever stop loving my ex who was my first, my one and only love?
What should I do to let a guy admit his feelings for me?
How do you gather/acquire/develop confidence to express your feelings of love to a person where under no circumstances will there be a positive outcome?
Have you experienced one-sided love, where another person says he doesn't love you but wants to be with you?
Why is it called 'heart break' while nothing is physically broken in the heart?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
A girl I'm friends with keeps getting distant when we get close again and she knows I like her. What's the deal?
What is the sweetest way someone has stood up for you?
Should I tell my best female friend that I love her before she moves to Bangalore for high school?
What should I do if I want my fiancee to love me more?
Is it wrong to fall in love with your cousin? If not, what should I do to make it acceptable in society?
This guy showed interest in me and treated me like his girlfriend but suddenly became cold. What should I do?
What would you do if you were with a girl in a long-distance relationship and you both fall in love but she can’t break up with her boyfriend?
Why am I afraid to express love to someone?
Have you lost your ambition because of the heartbreak?
I was with a girl for a long time, I noticed her feet were pointed at me most of the time. Does she like me?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
What do you do after confessing to someone?
How do I become a loving husband?
What is a romantic one liner?
Is it possible to love someone even after you have lost the one you are meant to be with?
What's the cutest love story you know?
Is it possible to fall in love with my partner again?
Would a narcissistic guy come back, even if the girl behaved with him like he behaved with her?
Why do I feel the need to push people away when I'm starting to fall in love with them?
Why do people let themselves fall in love even when they have an experience of being avoided?
Can you make a bad person become good by showing love, patience and understanding?
If people change all the time, why or how do people choose their life partners?
Should I break up with my boyfriend because he works too much?
If she left me, will she come back?
What are the reasons for love failures?
Although I love her, I feel like I've begun to lose feelings for my girlfriend. What advice do you have for me in this situation?
Should I be with someone who is 10 years older than me?
How can I tell him that my love will never be for him?
Is it possible to fall in love with someone based on the information you find on social media about them but you have never had a conversation with?
Have you ever reunited with your first love?
How can you learn to love someone you're not physically attracted to?
How do I stop loving someone when a part of me is unwilling to do so?
Is it selfish to love yourself first?
Why do we love our dear country Azerbaijan so much so fanatically?
I'm madly in love with someone, who's using me & confessed it too, but I'm unable to accept it. What should I do?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
What are the ways to love yourself?
Why does no one talk about how much it hurts leaving someone you love because you have to grow as a person on your own?
My guy friend told me to ignore a guy I like (likes me too) on WhatsApp to check if he is serious and really wants me. Is it true?
How best can we show someone that we love them?
How does it feel to fall in love, romantically or platonically?
What's the greatest sacrifice you made for love?
How do I overcome the grief of losing a loved one who is still alive?
Why do Muslims love prophet Muhammad even though he is very controversial?
At what moment of our life do we experience true love?
My ex kissed me, called me, told me he misses me, and told me he loves me a month ago. Now he has a new girlfriend. What does this mean?
Why do people fall in love together but don't manage to get in a relationship?
I love my girlfriend very much but she always force me to go and study, what should I do?
I hate to love a girl who loves to hate me. How shall I win her heart?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Is it wrong to expect love and care from a relationship?
What words of comfort would you say to someone who has just lost a loved one to the "enemy death" (First Corinthians 15:26)?
Is this correct: “Thank you Lord Jesus for loving me unconditionally with the love that even mother can't show.”?
How can I forget the person I love? It’s a one-sided love and I know it won't happen.
How do I forget someone whom I love the most?
What are some words associated with love?
Why do people love California?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How can I get someone who is already taken?
How can I end an affair with someone I loved for more than 10 years?
Do you ever really love your mom after she hurt you?
Is it wrong for a student and a teacher to fall in love with each other? Is this shameful in society?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
What is the worst thing that happened after your heartbreak?
Why do we bind someone in our love?
Why do some people love California?
I always remember my ex gf who cheated and dumped me. I feel pain and I still love her. What do I have to do?
My best friend always tell me "I love you" "my sweetheart", does it mean anything?
Do true lovers feel the presence of each other even when they are not in the same place?
How can we realise God or experience that infinite love?
Why is love not as satifying as I thought it would be?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Did someone love a girl for 10 years and later end up losing her?
Is it possible to find love but not have enough time to experience it if you are too old?
How can I stop being obsessive-compulsive when it comes to love?
Do doctors operate on their loved ones? How easy is it?
How can I come to know that a person really loves me and is committed and loyal to me?
How do I make an older girl love me “so much”?
What is your worst heartbreak story? Did you ever get over your first love?
Can narcissists love someone who doesn't love them back?
My boyfriend broke up with me and I know that he loves me as much as I love him and so I don't want to lose him, what should I do?
How can I stop thinking about someone who I'm not sure that this person loves me?
How common is it for people to fall in love after doing psychedelics?
I love my girlfriend, we've been together for over a year, but I feel like I'm losing my feelings/interest, why am I feeling this way?
I confessed my feelings to my friend (both 21) but he likes me as a friend. Yet he has been talking and acting normally like nothing happened. Why?
What should you do if your best friend is in a committed relationship, and you are unintentionally disturbing their love life?
What can you tell a person who's so scared of losing their loved ones?
How do I get over being in love with my best friend for 9 months? When I try to take time away to get over her, she keeps resisting.
Are romance and eroticism important?
I am confused whether I should move on and get in a relation with this girl or hold on to my past
What do I do if suddenly after ten years, the thought of an unrequited love has shaken up my mental peace, without any external prompt?
How do I move on if I love someone, but the same person loves someone else?
Have you ever risen into love instead of falling in it?
Should I pretend to be happy or show that I am depressed to the person whom I love?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
I just got engaged last month. It's an arranged thing. How do I know if she likes me or some other guy?
Should I try to patch up things? If not, how do you move from someone you love so much?
How should I express my feelings to a mature serious boy?
There is a girl whom I like. She comes to the park daily, but the problem is she comes with a lady, what should I do? How do I approach her?
How can you tell if your boyfriend is not in love with you anymore?
What will you choose? Unconditional love of your parents or true love of your partner
Why does a person need to be loved?
Can I train two kittens to live only within the protected confines of my property and not indoor and still receive love and attention from them?
What do you think about the person whom you like? Why do you like him/her?
Is it posible to make love to someone you don't like?
What​ do you mean​ by love?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Which would you choose, a man you love or a man who loves you?
What's your idea about unconditional love?
What would you sell out yourself/love one/ career for?
Does physical attachment with loved ones cause distance in a relationship?
Is it fair to break up with my girlfriend because her school has started and she won't give me as much time as she used to give me before?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What do you love and what do you hate?
How can you confess your love to someone you're not sure likes you as much as you do?
How can I face my loved ones if I have a bad image, no respect?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
I wish I could find a girl that cares about me, to love me and to just talk to, but I am very afraid to talk to women, what could I do?
What's love from your point of view?
What should you do when you love someone, but that person doesn't love you back? He/she cares for you, though.
She has a boyfriend, but I'm in love with her. I keep my distance because it’s hard for me. Should back off from our friendship, even if it upsets her?
Why do you want to love a person who loves you like hell?
How do you know that a girl really love you?
Should I get back with my ex-girlfriend, who cheated on me with someone else and had sex with them, if I'm still interested in her and love the sex?
What could we do to form a loving environment for all humans?
How should we tell a guy if I have some feelings for him?
Is it OK to fall in love at the age of 19?
There was a girl whom I loved so much during my college days but I never talked to her. 7 years have passed and still I love her. What should I do?
What should someone do if they want a relationship with two or more people at once?
How can a person lower down his expectations from another person? How can a person detach himself from the person you love the most?
Why is love so weak? If it was strong wouldn't we already have peace in the world?
Why does everybody love pi?
Is it ok to stay with a good man if I'm not in love? I function better with him.
What is love? Why is it important?
What’s the best love compatibility for an Aries?
Is it good to fall in love with someone who is taken?
How can I love to study?
Is it okay to sometimes feel that I don't love my best friend or that I envy her?
Is it possible for us to love a person but we don't have much fun with that person?
What do you feel when you are jealous in love?
Is it normal for a gay man to get attracted to a lesbian? If so, what should he do? Should he court her? How would he do that without being awkward?
Is it easy to ignore someone who is in love with you & you are also in love with him?
What Is the possible reason why you did not love your life?
How common is it for people to fall in love with someone after reading their entire Facebook Timeline?
Is falling in love really irrational?
How do I overcome the heartache from missing somebody whom I love, even if I know that the relationship will lead to nowhere?
I am almost 14 and I like a guy who is way older than me. What should I do?
How do I tackle ignorance from someone whom I love?
She loves him but I want to make her love me. How?
I love this girl so much that I can not imagine my life without her. However, I don't feel any sexual desire or attraction for her. Is this possible?
What is the simplest way to know that a girl loves me and get a permanent girlfriend?
I'm in love with a girl who studies in the same college that I study in, but how do I approach her on text?
How do I know that a widower loves me, a widow?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
What is the psychological dynamic behind (mostly) women who express love and commitment on their first date (after a brief infatuation from afar)?
What should I do to stop thinking about my love?
Why don't we value those who care for us or love us?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do I shut those badass mouths who love to humiliate others?
How do I know if I love somebody or if it's just a crush?
Why is it that no matter how a person treats me, it's in my nature to love the unlovable?
I'm going out with someone, but I don't "love" her. I have a limited amount of affection for said person. Should I keep going out with her?
Does my crush like me back? If so, what should I do next?
What does it mean when a girl tells me "I really love how your dick feels"?
How does one know if the person you are interested in likes you back?
My (then) boyfriend told me to wait and shut all contacts with him till we completed our studies. Do I believe him or look for another guy?
Is it possible to have passionate/intimate sex without loving someone?
Why is it so difficult to leave someone you know wasn't good to you?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
How do I stop indulging in porn and bad TV after being unemployed for so long?
I am in love with him. He is in love with someone else. How can I move on?
Why not make love and war?
Do I love him or not?
Is it okay to tell a guy you don't know how to kiss? And if so how do you tell him?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
When did Karan Johar fell in love with Twinkle Khanna?
Is it wrong to fall in love with your brother’s wife? He is dead.
Why is a girl and guy being together always considered a sign of love? Does it make people comfortable to make them feel uncomfortable?
What are reasons an immortal person wouldn't ever fall in love and have kids?
If someone says she/he is sapiosexual, how would you evaluate if she/he is right?
What if I’m in love with a family member?
Does the romance remain when there is no longer any opposition?
Is it ok to fall out of love and find love again?
Can a person fall in love with themselves, purely romantically?
How do you cope with feelings of lust towards someone who is not your partner?
Why can't we get over someone who's died, even after several years?
What should one do if he/she is treated or kept as an option by a person that he/she loves very much?
How can one replace the love they didn't receive as a child?
My boyfriend slept with someone else more than once, should I stay with him?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
What should you do when someone you love is in a difficult situation?
How does it feel to have a relationship with someone who is already in a relationship?
Did PM Nehru love children?
Can you fall in love so much that it hurts over several months? What do you do about it?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
How did you convince your parents to let you marry your love?
I am not bad-looking, but I always get rejected for relationship. Why?
Why do we find ways to skip chances to propose to a girl whom we love the most?
Is it possible to develop feelings for a person who I used to have feelings for in the past, if that person became my best friend in the interim?
I'm in love with a girl. What's the next step?
A really nice guy told me he loves me. I've ignored him so far, and he made me an infographic on why he loves me. What should I do?
Why does Erik decide to help Christine, and what does “Don Juan Triumphant” have to do with his love for her?
If love is a drug, possibly an addiction, then how can it be trusted?
Why is it said that you should keep your love life private, and what does this statement actually mean?
What constitutes relationship experience before entering a relationship?
This girl likes me, so I get her Snapchat and start texting her. But she seemed uninterested. Now I'm ignoring her. Am I making the right choice?
What does ‘love excuse’ mean?
Why are the men who pursue their dreams generally devoid of love in their lives?
Should I feel bad about breaking things off with my boyfriend of 6 years? I fell out of love to the point that I even cheated on him, and now I broke up with him.
What are some interesting law college love stories?
What do I do when it is too late for me to express my feelings to a girl?
What do Indonesian men look for in a woman when it comes to dating?
How much time did you wait for your crush to fall in love with you?
How common is it for people to fall out of love after doing psychedelics?
Can I learn to love my fiance's kids? I never wanted kids and feel very grounded/zero freedom. They are good kids (8 & 9) and I want to enjoy them.
Is it true that, "Failure in love, success in life"?
Why did Marc Anthony fall in love with Cleopatra?
Why do we fall in love when it's too late?
Why, after all my years of torment and lifetime of incarceration, do I now still in my scared soul, not know how to show perpetual love?
Why am I so negative? I hated Baahubali to the core and loved Ballaladeva.
Is it normal to fall in love a second time?
What is the best strategy to get out of friend zone and make her fall in love with me instead?
I love this guy so much, but people give me judgement about dating him, how can I get over the judgement?
What are the most precious things about true love?
How does it feel to be loved by a guy?
Which is more painful, love failure or career/academic failure?
Has anyone felt like they've never been loved by anyone ever?
A girl I like also likes me, but she also likes her one male classmate. She is confused on who to choose as her boyfriend. How can I be the man of her dreams?
I love my friend, but he is judgmental. Is there a point in keeping the friendship?
Is it possible to actually love someone I've only seen and talked to for a day?
Is it possible to live your entire life and never be in love?
How do I find a genuine partner?
What is the reason that very few people manage to find true love/partners through dating apps like Grindr, Scruff etc.?
Am I the only one disliking love songs?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Why do we fall in love with the wrong person when we know it’s not going work?
We are all going to die, our loved ones and ourselves, so why can’t most people enjoy their lives? Because deep inside they are terrified of death?
What are the different ways across the world to say, “I love you”?
How did you survive your breakup?
It's been 2 years, and for some reason, I'm still painfully in love with my ex that I haven’t seen since. Is there a way I can erase her from my memory?
When do you love your mother?
I have always been obsessive about giving a woman affection and receiving affection. Is this normal? Why am I so into giving a woman some loving?
Can a man really love a woman who is not good looking and fat with okay personality?
In your own description, what is love?
How can a person stop caring when someone you love doesn't go to the doctor when they should?
Are there people who broke up with their boyfriend/girlfriend and regretted it many years later?
My guy friend is in love with me and I don't feel the same. What should I do?
How can I forget someone whom I love most?
Is there a way to get back your ex of 10 years after they've moved on from a breakup? I'm heartbroken and still crazy in love.
Am I doomed to the friendzone if I'm a guy who loves his best female friend?
Can saying I love you to the person you love be called as an act of stupidness by sensible people of the society?
How is it to be inlove? And what's true love?
What do you love most about your mom?
Is having a half girlfriend/boyfriend beneficial or does it affects one's perspective for love and relationships?
Why do people think it’s okay to know everything about someone they claim to "love" and still not share anything about themselves?
How long does it take to get over being broken up with?
Is it fair to love a girl who has a boyfriend?
Have you ever considered leaving someone you love because of how sad/dramatic they were most of the time?
What do you do when you remember your love?
He says he loves me emotionally but he can’t get over the physical attachment with his ex. What can I do to make him get over it?
What are three words that resemble you? Are there any words you would like to become? For example, rich, loving, healthy, etc.
Who loves sape?
Is there a real true psychic that can tell me if my girlfriend really loves me and only me?
What is the full form of LSD?
What is the song after a love spell is cast?
A female friend of mine has a boyfriend, but she has told me many times that she would love to have me as a boyfriend. I don't feel the same for her. What should I do?
How should I feel after sharing an embarrassing moment I had with my sister when I was 7 and then she says that she doesn't remember that?
What do you do when you love your best friend, but she won’t take you as her boyfriend?
How possible is it that me and my friend end up in love if we call ourselves "my love, baby, and sweetie"? We hug, caress each other, and say "I love you" constantly.
I'm 18 years old Indian boy but my girlfriend is 10 months older than me. I'm 175 cm tall and she is 158 and she is Chinese. Is this okay?
Do girls love guys with good character?
How the hell can you be just friends with a girl you love with whom you were once in a romantic relationship?
I'm turning 19 and I've never experienced any type of love. How does true love feel?
Is it normal for a 20 year old male to love his mother a lot? I still live with her, and I would give my life away for her.
Who loves first, boys or girls?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Have you ever experienced love for a person that never loves you back? How does it feel?
What are the things in love?
What is the best way to meet a new sexual partner?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
Is love dead?
What is it called when you talk to someone older than you?
Who was the first person you ever loved (except for family)?
What are the consequences of my dad never complimenting me or showing me any kind of love?
Is this love? I think about her all the time and dream about her?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
So now I've been loving a girl in our school, but I am too scared to tell her my feelings as it might ruin our friendship. What shall I do?
Should we just settle down with someone good enough or should we keep hoping for love?
How justified is "Everything is fair in love and war"?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How do I make a girl fall in love with me so that she can die for me?
What is the best way to move on and stop caring about someone you love?
I love her but I'm happy that she moved on with life and probably forgot all about me. Is this a good way to think?
What shall I make for my mum as a birthday present? I want it to be special and show her how much I love her.
What kind of love should there be between a brother and sister?
Can one go through life without love?
How do I know that my GF really loves me?
How do I choose between a crush and my bf, who broke my heart a lot of times?
How can I be friends with someone who doesn't love me like I love them?
What if someone confessed love to you from Quora? What would be your reaction?
Have you ever had an "I love my life" moment? When was it?
Is it weird to have a crush on someone you have neither met nor seen their face but you know each other indirectly through someone else?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What makes an INTJ feel loved?
What are the most beautiful words of solace in a time of death that we can tell someone who has lost their loved ones?
Should I give up my relationship to make my partner happy with his real love? He is so cold to me this past few weeks.
What would be the diagnosis of a person who likes to degrade someone he supposedly loves?
Which comes first: money or love? Why?
Should I write to my girl's mum telling of my love for her daughter who cares about me? Her mum told her our union may not work, as I don't speak Romanian.
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Are Haryanvi songs watched and loved outside Haryana also?
Why do some people want to say nasty, untrue things about the people they love?
What is the most unconventional love story?
Should I tell my father my mom has an affair with his boss?
What if someone loved you and you knew?
There is this girl I like but I don't have a future with her should I confess my feelings or let it go?
Why are girls very much practical in love & relationships?
Do parents with twins (or triplets, etc.) love one child more than the other?
Despite being born in Bangladesh, why do I have so much hatred for Bangladeshi culture but at the same time love Islamic culture and also love tolerant Canadian culture?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Why do we love? Is it a sort of defence mechanism for our loneliness and low self worth or is just a disguise for a sexual desire or tricks of nature?
What wins, love or money?
If people aren't eternal, how can love be eternal?
How much do you love the weekend?
Is it weird if I feel like I can't love anyone, outside of my immediate family, unconditionally?
Is it better to spend your life alone if you are not in love?
How will you love your country?
How can I let my ex-girlfriend know how much I love her and how sorry I am that I messed up our relationship?
How do I overcome this problem?
What should a girl do if she is getting too attracted towards her male teacher who has also recently married?
Is it bad to tell my Indian wife that some girl was trying to show some love towards me?
What can a person do so no one likes him anymore?
Is it a problem that I love men so much, like the good ones, of course? I'm a virgin, but just because I love them my sisters call me rude things.
Why does love feel like an addiction?
What puts you in a trance?
I’d love to hear your views. What is love?
I am isolated from my family, I like to show them love by achieving work or wealth. Is it ok to have a different method of loving your family?
If a girl knows a guy likes her but she doesn't tell him she has a boyfriend, is that leading him on or being dishonest?
How do I break up with a boy who loves me so much and has been in a relationship with me for 5 years?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
How does it feel to be in real love with someone?
If a girl was once deeply in love with you but isn't anymore, how do you get her to fall in love with you again?
What is the greatest love of all?
After breakup, she says she still loves me, but she had stopped feeling, caring and bothering about it. What should I do to fix it back?
Is it difficult to form a good romantic relationship with girls who love their dads too much?
Why are casual physical relations, flings, friends with benefits, getting so popular and on the rise amongst Indians these days?
How can I find love when I don't put myself out there? I want things to happen naturally without having to use dating apps, etc.
Why do I still love my ex husband?
How strange is it to feel more connected to a friend than your significant other yet you still want to be with your significant other?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What should I do if I regret after hitting my girlfriend?
What's unconditional/aimless love? To whom should we not give it?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
Do you have to like someone that you love?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Does hating my faculty & getting bad grades mean that I hate education? I love scientific research, but I now feel bored with science.
Should I forget about my crush and move on?
How do I avoid finding love even if it comes to me?
How long does it take to get over an ex? How long should you wait to move on?
What is the real reason between love and hate?
When does love happen? Why does it happen? I was friends with someone for a long time, “just friends” friends, but then suddenly, out of nowhere, I loved.
If love were a season, what would it be and why?
How can I stop feeling desperate for someone to love me?
Do Indian girls love short and handsome guys who are 5′4″?
Does a boy love a girl if he did not say it, but he makes frequent eye contact, even when she is in a crowd?
How can I re-attract a person who was so in love with me? It's been 8 years since we were together. The nicer I am the more distant she becomes.
What are some writing tips for writing my love story in the form of a novel?
How should I hate my ex-boyfriend whom I still love?
If the one that you love is far away from you, what will you do?
What does a couple have to have to have a strong, loving relationship?
You’ve been in relationship for 20 years, then you find out that your partner cheated on you. Would you leave the relationship?
What's the difference between non-familial platonic love and romantic love with the abstinence of sexual intercourse or the lack of desire?
What if you feel that girl is just the one for you? Do you chase her to death even if being together looks so hard currently, even after so many years?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
What is “love” and what happens after being in love?
What is the most hurtful thing to do when it comes to love?
What does ‘fighting fair’ mean?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
Did Aviral Bhatnagar ever love someone or experience a heartbreak?
Can we fall back in love?
My girl is 23 and her weight is 60kgs, she is just 5'1. Can she still increase her height?
Does love even exist or is it just an excuse we use subconsciously to breed with more comfortability?
Asking my girl to always talk to me, to share everything with me, to care about me and meet frequently is leading to more arguments. What should I do?
Do you think Mai is suitable as Prince Zuko's lover? Who do you think suits him more?
Why do you love your wife/girlfriend?
How do I tell a friend/roommate I'm in love with him?
I am talking online to a man for marriage and have fallen for him before even seeing him in person. Does he love me?
How can one fall in love after reaching the age of 25+?
Now that I know I'm not in love with my husband anymore, is it possible to get that love back?
Have you ever let someone leave you that loved you, because you didn't what them you know you loved them back?
Is it okay if I keep showing attitude to boys because I love being single and free?
How can I figure out how to live my life when I don’t love myself?
What books are similar to The Forty Rules of Love, which teaches you something about life, love and discovering oneself?
Does anxiety makes people we love leave?
I love a girl, I think she loves me but I'm not sure and I'm scared to destroy my friendship. What should I do?
What can I do if I overdid asking a girl that she loves me or not? And finally she informed her mom, blocked my contacts and told me to walky own path!
Is rain romantic?
If a girl is stupid enough to love a boy, even if the boy breaks her heart, what should the boy do?
What do you do when you feel like meeting someone you love?
Is there any sexual act between a husband and wife (when both are willing) that comes under lust and not love?
Should I immigrate to Philippines when I know no-one, no job but a loving obsession with the country?
Is it possible for human beings to live the adult life unable/temporarily unable to receive love?
What are the axioms of love and dating if we want to make a mathematical theory out of it?
Can you fall in love with a sex worker?
Why was "To Love Somebody" not on the Bee Gees' Greatest hits album?
How can love be defined in a true way?
Is it bad that I love my cat more than most humans?
Whom should one choose between the love of her life or her family, who have loved her for 27 years?
How do I get over a guy I dated who says we can only be friends now? I think I’m obsessed with him. I really liked him, but he doesn't feel the same.
What’s the meaning of the sentence, "The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person" by Palahniuk in "Invisible Monsters?
What should do if I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend?
How do I let someone I'm in a relationship with to know my worth when they seem to forget it?
Is it good to be in love before the age of 14?
What can be done to get over the person you truly love?
Is love really stronger than hate?
I kissed my friend, we both are into each other before, now he is seeing someone. But he still shows affection to me. What should I do?
Did sociopaths ever fall in love in their teenage years?
I feel the urge to make noise when I make love. Would this be OK with her?
Can you explain love scientifically without stealing its magic?
Can one still love someone and, yet, not accept everything about them?
If someone truly loves you, will they always find a way to make time for you?
Why can I never bring myself to truly attack someone even though they have hurt me over and over again?
What can I do if I don't love a guy like he does?
Should I leave my paranoid, jealous girlfriend, who makes me unhappy even though I love her?
Have you ever loved someone unconditionally?
Is love a different thing for a man from what it is for a woman?
A girl said that she loves me. I didn’t give her an answer yet.I am just not sure if I love her. She's not that attractive. Should I say yes to her?
Why can't two people who care a great deal and share a profound bond with each other just be together?
How do I break up with a girl I'm in love with, in a way that I don't want to get her back?
Should I break up with my online boyfriend?
Why does my partner feel like he has to punish me (not physically) in some way when I do or say something he doesn't like?
Why do some 35-year-old and above women fall completely in love with taken men and hope for more?
Can a guy like someone else whilst entering a new relationship?
I am in love with a girl and she loves me too but she is apprehensive of our marriage, what should I do?
Should I let the person he is dating know he slept with me?
It's been 6 months since I last saw him. Why do I think of him everyday, non-stop?
How can I accept and love myself as I am?
How can someone you loved be so unkind?
Is there anyone in the society who doesn't love money at all?
Will MIT admit me if they find that I really love cognitive science?
What do I say when my husband says he loves his mom more than me?
Did the media ever say that a child victim wasn’t "loved by everyone"?
I think I have a crush for a guy who is 2 years younger than me. What do you think he thinks about me?
How do I forget someone who forgot me?
How can I stop feeling that no one will ever love me or want me romantically?
Can lust turns into love?
My best friend of four years and I had a massive fallout. I love her, what can I do?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why do so many people think that you should only be in a relationship with one person at a time?
What if you are in love with your Facebook friend?
What is life? What is love? Will money bring me happiness?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
I've been single for 8 months, why can't I find love?
How can you tell if a girl is interested in you? How can you tell if she is uninterested?
I am deeply in love with a guy that is 2 years younger than me. What does that say about me?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
There’s this guy I met 2 yrs ago. I fell in love with him the second I saw him. I never felt that immensely attracted to anyone. Should I tell him now?
What should I do if I love a guy who is Muslim but I don’t want to change my religion?
In which way did she mean it when she said I love you?
I love Shawn Mendes but I want to hate him. I have seen that most of my emotional issues are because of him. What should I do?
Which is best love story ever written in English?
Is it a wise decision to travel, leave my country forever, to find love, get married and have a sweet baby?
Are children the most loving gift a couple can have?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
I am in a relationship with one person already but at the same time I have feelings for my friend. I don't understand. Why is it happening?
Have you ever sent a love letter to your crush? How?
Is India one of the most hated or one of the most loved country around the world? Why?
There's this girl who had a crush on me but I did not do a thing. Now she has a boyfriend and I love her. What shall I do?
When a man sees you for the first time and can't stop thinking about you, losing his appetite and sleep over it, is it infatuation/love?
What is the most romantic part in women?
Why do children of abuse still love their parents?
How do I fall in love with the gym?
Can I stop loving someone who never even loved me in the first place?
She doesn't love me back and has realised I love her more than anything. Is there any possibility that she will love me back?
Is it worth staying in a place you don't like to be with someone you love?
Is it possible to love somebody but not considering a long term relationship?
Can one control his or her feelings when it has to do with erotic love?
How can we love unconditionally as we want logic for everything and need something in return?
What should I do if I'm in love with a girl and her boyfriend?
Why would you want to hurt someone so badly on purpose, and how could you claim to love them even after you know they’re hurt because of you?
Do you agree love is only attraction?
Do you consider yourself a romantic guy?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
Does the feeling of love always have to be effortless? Is taking efforts to (hopefully) gain someone's affections the wrong way to look at it?
How do I recover from the love of my life cheating on me and leaving?
Is there a difference between having sex with someone and 'making love'?
Did Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava ever fell in love with an Indian girl?
Is it possible to fall in love without losing yourself into it?
What if someone says I love you to you?
What is it like to realise that you still have a great love for your ex, even if you have someone new in your life?
What is the longest amount of time you could love someone?
Do filmy love stories happen in real life?
Baba Jan in ‘And the Mountains Echoed’ is dangerous and a criminal but loving towards his son. Have you been in a similar situation as the son?
Why do we block people we once loved?
Can you fall for someone you are not physically attracted to?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What are the qualities of a 'much loved' family car?
Is love really an offence?
If my girlfriend lives from several timezones away after me, can I say that she's a girl from yesterday?
What if I’m in love with a long family member?
Have you ever been in a situation where you want to love someone but just can't no matter how hard you try?
How can someone ask his girlfriend to marry him if they are in a long-distance relationship?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
Which foreigners who love India feel that they missed being born there?
How long do you wait to find out if you really are in love with a person?
Why do kids love reading?
He won't forgive me but he won't break up with me either. I love him, but I can't keep being dragged around in a one-sided relationship. What should I do?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do you become motivated to practice something you love, even if you're not good at it?
Why is it difficult to forget someone you love, knowing the fact that he can't be yours?
I don't love my long distance girlfriend anymore but she still loves me a lot, what should I do?
Why do you love someone?
What should I do if I like a girl in college but she already has a boyfriend?
What is going on in India? Why are so many of the males so timid and socially awkward around women?
How do I get over a crush on a man who will never love me back?
Did Palpatine ever have a love interest?
I love a girl, but I don't know why anymore. I still love her a lot, but I have no clue why. What does this mean?
Why do I feel in love with every girl I see or meet and talk with?
Why wouldn't a gal tell her feelings to the boy whom she loves, even though he promised her?
Why have I never fallen for anyone?
Will I meet the girl whom I can share the rest of my life with?
What do I do if I feel like I have to stay with my boyfriend but I really like somebody else?
She's in love with me but has a slutty past, how do I get over my paranoia of her cheating on me?
Do you have handwritten letters of your loved ones?
How do you feel after dating a girl and she doesn't accept your proposal?
Do you love being an adult?
Do you tear up when you hear the song "Dango Daikazoku"?
As a father, do you love your wife and kids more than your sister/parents?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Is it wrong that I love someone I've never met?
Do you regret your first love? As in falling in love with the wrong person and wasting years of your life on that wrong person.
How can I convince my commitment-phobiac crush to be in a relationship with me?
Why do successful people fail in love?
There's someone I can't stop thinking about even though I have no romantic attraction to them. Why could this be happening?
What's your opinion on people saying "ain't"? (Personally, I love it and use it myself, but want to know what others think.)
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
I am 20. A young man, excellent in studies, okay looks. I have very few female friends and have never fallen in love. Am I missing out on something?
If parents supposedly love their children unconditionally, why would they use guilt to influence their behavior?
If you've hurt a loved one's feelings, but they won't articulate how you've hurt them, after being asked, what - if anything - can you do?
What did you prioritise in your life: love, a career, or your family, and why?
Can two persons love each other so passionately that they can kill each other due to family and society?
Is it fair for a girl to love an older boy who already has a girlfriend?
Why do you love Tamanna Bhatia?
Why don't we fall out of love with our parents or siblings unlike a person we thought of as a soulmate once?
He doesn't show his emotions but has told me once in 8 months that he loves me. How do I deal with loving someone more than they love me?
What is one thing you do differently as a result of loving yourself more?
I have a lot of trouble showing affection and expressing my feelings. I want to change this. How can I do so?
What experiences have people had where they were rejected by girls for love/marriage despite being ruthlessly honest with them?
I don't understand why everyone is saying Labour is going to lose? Everyone I know loves Jeremy. What's going on in the media?
Should I tell a guy that I'm in love with him even though I have been ignoring him for a few days because he mocked me in front of our friends?
I've liked this boy for 9 months already and he rejected me 3 times, and I can't seem to get over him. How do I stop my feelings for him?
Can men love? Why do men want a physical relationship even if they don’t have feelings of liking or loving someone?
What's the difference between falling for someone and actually falling in love with them?
At what age did you get your first kiss from someone who wasn't your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Which is greater, love or respect?
After 7 years of a relationship, my ex told me she had no more feelings for me. Do you think someday the feelings will come back?
Which is worse, being in a loving relationship which ends, or to never have had a relationship to begin with?
Is it wrong to fall in love with ex-wife's daughter?
A girl kept making prolonged eye contact while smiling on and off throughout a few semesters, was she laughing at me? For her to do it so often?
Why does love even exist?
What is the relationship between love and virtue, how does a love ethic compare to other moral paths?
Have you ever thought the search for love is not worth it?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
Why do love and feelings fade away in a relationship that one thought would never end?
Do you think is it compulsory nowadays to have a girlfriend even if you don't love her?
Is it necessary to be in love for having sex?
Whom do men love more, their mothers or their wives?
