What is the most impressive thing made by Artificial Intelligence?
Where can I find a database of all* Spanish words?
Is Faster RCNN able to generate the region by its own for training?
Why can dropout improve the overfitting issue in deep neural networks?
Can anyone suggest some good reading materials for fundamentals of machine learning and artificial neural networks?
What are some counter intuitive theories?
What is the decision boundary for logistic regression on unbalanced data?
Do you know of elite athletes that have used NLP?
Can you apply machine learning for a completely random environment?
What are the most used deep learning libraries in ImageNet competition?
Which IITs offer M.Tech and Ph.D courses in machine learning and artificial intelligence?
What is a good theoretical subject to do a deep learning-related MSc project in? I am considering graphical models/reinforcement learning.
What are the applications of Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
How do I use Visual Basic.NET to learn machine learning and deep learning?
In artificial neural networks, how can you map the existence of a threshold into an activation function?
Do data and analytics have a future in the software industry?
What should be my strategy to get admitted for an MS in Data Science or ML in Fall 2019?
Can we approximate the partition function ZZZ well if we only have access to a sampling method from p(x)p(x) p(x)  and access to the unnormalized probability?
How do I prepare for IIST's machine learning interview for M.Tech.?
On which YouTube channel can I get an introduction into artificial intelligence?
Has anyone simulated a neuromorphic device based on a neural network in Python or MATLAB?
Is there an optimal anomaly detection setup (supervised, semi-supervised, unsupervised) or does it depend on the particular problem to be solved?
Which classifier is the best to detect leaf disease in real time?
How do I develop an application which can diagnose a disease like ADHD (Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder)?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
How are punishment and negative reinforcement implemented in reinforcement learning?
How do I apply backpropagation in a neural network pattern recognition tool?
What is the best approach to do discretization in Weka, supervised or unsupervised?
Why is machine learning important?
When do I know I am ready for machine learning?
How does t-SNE work in simple words?
Why is it that training with the softmax unit in Neural Networks is tractable if the partition function is intractable?
What's the algorithm behind pocket scraping?
How might a Bayesian network/method help the internet enterprise?
What influence does the black space which appears during the rotation of the image on CNN have?
What is the effect of batch normalization with a batch size of 1 in a deep neural network, in terms of performance and speed of training process?
Can machine learning be used to improve the situation of farmers in developing countries? If yes, then what would be your approach?
Have you recently used Google Translate? How is the quality of the translation with its new Neural Machine Translation? How is it for any language pair?
What is the importance of machine learning framework?
Why have Boltzmann machines fallen out of favour and what are they still used for?
What are the best data sets of movies reviews for machine learning?
What are the things you need to learn to become an AI scientist?
What are some good resources to learn about deep learning model deployment in production environments?
With machine learning moving so fast, why are the deadlines for major conferences like NIPS still more than six months before the conference?
Can AGI be achieved by gradient-based optimization? If not, why doesn't OpenAI put more focus on neuroevolution?
Where can I buy TPU to learn deep learning?
What are some great podcasts that talk about IOT, Machine Learning, SDLC, etc.?
What is currently the easiest way to do text detection in images?
Is it a good time to plan for masters in machine learning from USA?
If the factors in a multivariate regression model are assumed to be response independant, how good is regression analysis at analysing complex systems?
Is it a nice idea to do a Ph.D. in machine learning from IIT Indore having done an MSc and an M.Phil in mathematics from DU?
Why does my custom HOG detector always draws a rectangle on the center of image and not on the person?
What is the easiest way to make an AI chatbot?
What is computer vision?
How can I build a multi-class classifier in Azure Machine Learning Studio (AMLS) for classifying images into four different classes?
Does self-learning AI use unsupervised learning?
I have 4 months to learn data science/machine learning. What do I do?
What is the difference between 'linear regression' and 'generalized linear regression'?
What does recall mean in machine learning?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
Does anyone research the robot state estimation for abnormal execution detection using non-parametric Bayesian HMM?
What does 'regression' mean in statistics and machine learning?
How can I find all publicly available data sets, e.g., Google for data sets?
Why do machine learning techniques assume the data to be from a particular distribution?
How can I extract certain features from a text? Read details
What is a successful research process in machine learning?
Where can I learn the latest data mining techniques? What websites can I use to learn this?
What is ORB in computer vision?
What are good methods for natural language generation?
Can a machine tool be a machine element?
Where did you learn the current skills you use to make streams of income you currently have?
How can I make a bot that can answer "What is something?" or "Who is someone?" type of questions?
What is the best way for a school student to learn artificial intelligence?
How good is AWS for machine learning?
In AI, what is an ML model?
Can we combine HOG and PCA in image classification?
What is permutation importance in a random forest? How is it calculated, with an example?
What is a Bayesian Neural Network?
What’s the simplest approach to learn deep learning?
Is there any precedence of neural networks in general used to solve logistic problems?
Can a machine act intelligently?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What are some final year projects using Raspberry Pi and machine learning?
Population k-means clustering on a map. How can I prevent clusters from being split by seas?
My boss asked me to setup a GPU farm for training deep neural network with a budget of 50k USD, how should I get started?
What is the best way to compute prediction intervals for neural networks?
Is AI very tough to learn?
Can neural network be used for silhouette images classification?
What is the difference between factor loadings and regression based coefficients?
Where can I learn more about Wells Fargo’s machine learning and AI projects?
Can a senior tester enter into machine learning?
What is the best way to explain recall and precision to a noob?
What is the role of a fully connected layer in a deep neural network?
How can I learn to obtain and prove mathematical mistake bounds in online learning, especially online kernel classification?
Why are there so many fakes in the Data Science/ML industry?
What open source EDA tools should be used to learn and practice DFT concepts?
What is the best way to learn about blockchain industry applications?
What is the target propagation and how is it implemented to train deep neural networks?
Does there exist an efficient internal validation method for biclustering independent of datasets?
How can I change my field of work from a software engineer with C++ to Machine Learning and AI?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
Is computing a high-dimensional determinant expensive from a machine learning perspective?
What kind of data science or analytics study can I perform with technical support data?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
How was Andrew Ng’s neural net able to classify cats from unlabeled data?
Why is it not possible to train a deep neural network to 100% accuracy?
What are some of the specific areas where I can apply machine learning techniques in power system analysis that can lead to publication?
Are there any remaining formalized computer vision tasks where a human is still substantially better than a machine?
How can I handle a very large data set for data mining?
What is the meaning of chunk in learning and studying field?
Is Håkon Hapnes a self taught machine learning engineer?
What do we understand by a convas model?
Can one train a probabilistic model without having to compute the partition function?
What are some conferences and journals related to NLP?
What is machine dependent?
What are the best courses for data analysis jobs?
What is the difference between mobile learning and m learning?
What is the difference between minimum distance and k-nearest neighbor?
Can scientists make a garbage separating machine?
What are examples when its useful to generate samples from a probabilistic model?
What's the best place to find a remote machine learning job?
How do I integrate the concept of artificial intelligence with machine learning, deep learning and neural networks (real world based example)?
What are self-training neural network?
What should I do to collect my own MNIST like data for training purposes?
Can deep learning be applied to path planning (robotics) in dynamic obstacles?
What are the best resources to learn about AI?
How do I start to learn AI?
What is the scope of machine learning in the gaming industry?
Where can I find the most complete list of machine learning techniques?
What is an advanced machine learning engineer able to do that a mediocre one can’t?
How can I improve my knowledge in machine learning?
A computational graph in TensorFlow is a DAG (directed acyclic graph). How does it account for looping in the program if the graph is acyclic?
What is the best university in Pakistan in which to learn artificial intelligence?
Is there a prerequisite for ML & deep learning? Have you worked on it?
What are interesting projects done using machine learning?
What is meant by neural network?
Is trying to be borderline machine intelligent good?
What can prevent generative adversarial networks from generating speech samples from only noise as an input?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
How important is parameter learning (gradient descent) for ML?
In a music recommender system using Naive Bayes, should you use the name of the artist in the model?
Which type of business can one start with minimal knowledge of Machine Learning in Python and web development?
How can I determine the maximum number of factors that can be extracted in factor analysis?
How should I start to learn data base?
What is the future of Machine Learning, AI and Robotics?
When do you need grid predictions in machine learning?
What are some good universities abroad to pursue an MS in AI, machine learning, or data analytics?
What should I do to understand the maths and algorithms behind back propagation, CNN and RNN?
What is the advantage of achieving deep learning in Hilbert spaces?
Which certification course should I choose for data scientist?
What are the algorithm for fake review detection in sentiment analysis with steps?
In what way does Google utilize TensorFlow in RankBrain?
Is there any online service where I can train and test deep neural network?
What is an artificial system?
What would be the most difficult data set depicting an IT problem to train our AI engine on?
What are the most critical shortcomings of computer vision when applying models to robots (or automation in general)?
In what kind of abstract, 2-player, self-contained game would a human have the greatest advantage over a computer?
How can document similarity detection be applied for a recommender system?
How did Alpha Go defeat Ke Jie in Game 1?
What are the fit() and fit_transform() methods from the scikit-learn library? How do they work and why do we use them on the train_set and test_set?
How should I master the concepts of data structures and algorithms, given that I am fairly proficient in machine learning?
How do I implement machine learning for SAP testing?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
What is the difference between the Naive Bayes Classifier and the Bayes classifier?
How do you organize data?
How can we interpret the coefficient for certain independent variable in simple linear regression and for the same one in multiple linear regression?
If I have a single layer neural network with 200 hidden units, will it be considered a deep network?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
How do I check the accuracy of text files?
What will happen if we make a machine which is capable of improving itself?
At what age did Håkon Hapnes Strand get into machine learning?
Are chess AIs using machine learning stronger than traditional chess AIs?
How does NLP work?
If you had a brainwashing machine who would you use it on?
Why do some engineering teams see machine learning interest as a "negative" signal?
Is it possible to detect an APT based on its NetFlow data alone?
What is the procedure to create a custom taxonomy structure from a corpus of documents? Help would be appreciated.
What is the minimum time required to develop a good ai project, related to machine learning and neural network?
Why is deep neural network able to represent non linear/polynomial functions?
Why can’t we always bypass confronting the partition function in machine learning?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
How do I raise funding to create a revolutionary new neural network when I can't promise or reveal anything?
How well do text summarization in machine learning work so far?
What are some alternatives to automated machine learning, such as DataRobot, for predictive analytics?
If we were using a non-linear SVM, what are the hyper-parameters? How would we choose the corresponding hyper-parameters? (reference functions used)
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
In reinforcement learning, do we assume that each state is independent of the past and future states?
What is the better choice, to be a mobile developer or a machine learning engineer?
What is the safest way to learn machine learning?
What, if any, recent progress has been made on making general Boltzmann machines (and not just RBMs) more efficient/practical to train?
What are all the maths skill I have to know to learn artificial intelligence?
Is machine learning the same as in memory cache?
What is machine learning, and how do you get a career in machine learning?
Is there a recent implementation available of a text-to-speech neural network that may be used to play around with?
How will Payments World be influenced by artificial intelligence and machine learning?
Is there any automatic code/way to optimize the neural networks parameters on MATLAB?
Has anyone tried to combine multilayer perceptions with support vector machines?
How can I do a sentiment analysis in Orange?
Where is a decent implementation of a seq2seq model in Python?
Is there any merit to the argument that “reality is generated by a neural network,” given that reality is probabilistic?
What is better, web development or machine learning? I want to get a job instantly as soon as I graduate.
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
What are current state of the art algorithms for human activity recognition from video data?
Is GitHub or GitLab better suited for a data science/ML company?
What is a good roadmap to replicating results of a Deep Learning Paper?
Disregarding order book data or volume, which features are frequently used for the prediction of market direction using machine learning classifiers?
Which deep learning libraries use an AMD-based GPU for machine learning?
Is it possible to train a Generative Adversarial Network that uses LIF neurons?
How do I train a Tensorflow Neural Network on my own data?
What is the support vector machine in data mining?
How can a high schooler freshman learn machine learning? How could he do a science fair project with machine learning?
Which is the best nanodegree course in Udacity between Machine Learning Engineer and Deep Learning Foundation?
Can I call it a PhD in Computer Vision & Machine Learning if I only applied these concepts to an automation problem in Civil Engineering?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
What are the best implementations of machine learning?
Is it actually possible to use off-the-shelf machine learning classifiers such as SVM or Random Forest to accurately predict stock direction?
What basic maths should one know before starting machine learning?
How do I start with Kaggle datasets to implement the Machine Learning algorithms?
How can machine learning help to determine the optimal temporal staffing in an emergency department?
Can a machine learning robot mimic the speech of Trump?
For my real time scene text recognition project, should I start with using CNNs along with LSTM in the first place or go for LSTM and CTC layers?
Does the measure of variability of a data set correspond to the measure of center? If so, how?
What are some advancements in threat intelligence that resulted from advances in machine learning?
What are examples when we can avoid confronting the partition function in Machine Learning?
How do I start learning machine learning from basics?
Are there some real world examples where automatic kernel learning (learning kernel function from data) is used in practice?
Is there any free project on machine learning with R, which I can download and do practice?
What makes you recall your dream in a precise manner?
Which is best, MATLAB, the Weka tool or a written code from a classifier algorithm, for disease prediction?
If you could solve one huge problem with machine learning and AI, what would it be?
How do software engineers use machine learning?
What, if any, is the compensation premium for machine learning software engineers vs other software engineers?
What is the most effective way to learn Machine learning while working?
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine?
What are career opportunities in the fields of Multi-Agent Systems and Robotics in USA?
Which is a better approach to learn machine learning?
What are the top institutes for machine learning in India?
How do I tune the random trees max depth parameter using cross validation and F1 score as a metric on an imbalanced dataset?
Which Google office in APAC (Sydney, Japan, Singapore, Bangalore and others) has the largest Machine Learning presence?
What is the Bayesian network Python and R package that supports continuous latent variables?
What is meant by 'ground set' in probability and machine learning?
Which are the best classifier algorithms for disease predictions?
What is the generalized algorithm for steepest-descent method that can be used to Scilab?
Can we develop a techology by using machine learning algorithms so that our soldiers at our borders will be able to stop infiltration without losing their lives?
Given a feedforward NN with low training accuracy (thus low test accuracy), how can I improve the training accuracy (and hopefully the test accuracy)?
What is the difference between vanilla neural network and recurrent neural network?
Can you train a deep learning solution on a large dataset using intense computational resources, and then deploy it on a small embedded device?
Are the Machine Learning A-Z and Deep Learning A-Z courses by Kirill Eremenko on Udemy any good?
What is the tech stack to build a realtime recommendation newsfeed?
Does intuition have anything to do with pattern recognition/IQ?
Can loopy belief propagation only be ran on graphs without pairwise potentials?
What's better for me, a course on data science/machine learning or programming?
What are the most famous tokenisms used to token non English phrases for machine learning and AI models?
Can we use neural machine translation (like seq2seq) for named entity recognition?
What are some good resources on sparsity and sparse matrix factorization in machine learning?
When one samples a probabilistic model does one assume the model was already trained with the training set?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What learning objective functions can I use for logistic regression?
How can I use machine learning for the stock market?
Is it true that even if we can model from the model distribution p(x)p(x) p(x)  the optimal importance sampling is not p(x)p(x) p(x) ?
Why are gachapon machines so popular?
How can I solve the problem related to small training data conducting machine learning or deep learning?
Is there any way to do prediction of malware behaviour through machine learning algorithm by doing reverse engineering of malware samples?
How is machine learning used in the study of optimization models, particularly applied to production and logistics?
Does getting admitted to a top 5 PhD program at the age of 34 the same as if you got in at the age of 24?
I'm​ 18 years old. What skills should I learn in the CS (technical) field that will help me in the future?
Is there any way to possibly predict malware behavior through a machine learning algorithm by reverse engineering malware samples?
Why does teacher forcing Recurrent Neural Networks make them less powerful than vanilla RNNs?
What kind of workers do you need for AI?
How, when, why and who started the concept of engineering, machines, and engines in world? What is the origin of these?
What are some must-implement Deep Learning Papers that every DL researcher should implement?
How can a high schooler with coding experience get involved with research in artificial intelligence?
How did Markov of Markov chain get started in mathematics? Was he identified as a genius within the Russian educational system?
How can I understand the math notation in deep learning research papers?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
What are the key papers which prove that pre-training of the DNN using stacked auto-encoders is not required anymore?
What is the best coding bootcamp for machine learning and deep learning?
What are the differences between PredNet and Generative Adversarial Networks?
What is microarray data classification?
With the latest advancements in AI and machine learning, how close are we in modelling an actual attacker/state actor (threat modelling)?
What is your experience with JS Machine Learning libraries?
Is it bad to jump from mobile development to web development and then machine learning without mastering the previous one?
What is the importance of automatic model selection in machine learning?
Who is further ahead in AI, Google or IBM?
What should a person do to establish a career in Machine Learning with a software testing background?
Is Microsoft working on artificial intelligence/Machine Learning (future) instead of working on old technologies like web development, etc?
Rajasthan has implemented School on Wheels to help deprived children to learn. Why is this scheme not implemented in other states?
What should I do to pursue a career in machine learning? Is it a graduate degree course or an add on to computer engineering?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
How do I improve my linear regression model given a residual plot and other information?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
How does NLP help people in sales?
What are some of the best deep learning projects that you have personally worked on?
How do I prepare lake/wetland parameter file for the Variable Infiltration Capacity (VIC) model?
Does Netflix still use the Cinematch algorithm for collaborative filtering?
What is the one path-breaking development that has resulted in this decade of Renaissance in AI and machine learning which wasn’t possible prior to it?
Why the field of computer science has made more seminal contributions to data science than statistics?
Which engineering branch in India involves robotics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning?
What is the best classifier I can use in "Real Time Face Recognition" after extracting features by using "Alexnet"?
Does the Microsoft FPGA data center offer any deep learning algorithm as SaaS?
What does it mean for loopy belief propagation (BP) to converge?
Which startups in AI/ML domain are looking for interns in Pune?
What is latent resource?
What is meant by 'ground truth' in probability and machine learning?
Can machine learning aid in malware detection? What are the bottlenecks in such an implementation of ML?
What are stateful dataflow graphs?
How can I classify data by deep learning?
What is an intuitive explanation for abstraction in machine learning?
Will we be able to invent such a robot that can understand like a small learning baby?
What famous athlete has used NLP?
What topics should one study from 'All of Statistics' by Larry Wasserman to prepare a solid foundation for machine learning?
What are some cool things AI developers do to their homes?
What are some of the specific areas where I can apply my machine learning techniques in power electronics?
What are some of the good applications of machine learning techniques in power system analysis?
Can people with average IQ (100) master machine learning and deep learning?
What are some fake review detection algorithms?
What does feature learning mean in Machine Learning?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
Why is the k-means clustering algorithm considered an unsupervised learning algorithm? What is it "learning"? Isn't it just another greedy algorithm?
How do you match the same addresses written in different ways? Example: 45, Srinagar 190001 and 190001, Srinagar, 45.
Can we build a rig for cryptocurrency mining and deep learning at the same time?
What is an algorithm for pattern recognition, and also an example of pattern recognition?
What qualifications do I need to do to publish a paper on the field of machine learning? Can anyone try to publish a paper if the person has knowledge?
What is the point of studying generative modeling?
Is Kaggle's Titanic competition tutorial a good way to learn machine learning?
Is it silly to produce samples form a probability model to improve its own parameters?
How do the ICC(International Criminal Court), ICJ(International Court of Justice) and PCA(Permanent Court of Justice) differ from each other?
What are some new professions and roles machine learning and AI will create?
Where does one start if one wants to know all the pieces of machine learning in a cloud environment? Are there any good resources out there?
Why are there no machine-learning-powered ad blockers?
Are support vector machines friendly?
Is this a good time to start a machine learning company?
How efficient is it to implement complex algorithms written in MATLAB to execute in Python, from a machine learning point of view?
What is the procedure for installing TensorFlow on a 32-bit Ubuntu 15.04?
Can I get a job in machine learning in Bangalore?
How do I apply deep learning or machine learning in electrical engineering, especially in smart grids?
Should I pursue my interest in machine learning, or should I learn web and Android development to get a job?
Are recurrent additive networks universally better than LSTMs and GRUs?
What is the flow of ARToolKit in text recognition?
How do I classify the content in the customer review on a product, like whether it contains any suggestions, criticism, or evaluation, etc., using NLP?
Can I use machine learning to play a strategy game?
How do I rotate data points such that contrasting class labels are orthogonal to each other?
How can machine learning play a role in fashion design and textiles?
What is the opinion of Klaus Schwab and the WEC's Fourth Industrial Revolution within the scientific and technology communities?
How do I get data from a scanned copy which is stored in a database using machine-learning algorithms?
What are triggers to active the field of deep learning?
How can one learn to deal with an addition?
Using the Turing Test, can you explain how Firefox is an intelligent software?
What are conditional Adverserial Networks?
If gradient descent updates a parameter based on the derivative, could it get stuck at a maximum?
How can I make good predictions with XGBoost?
What is attribute learning ?
How is it that Generative models and GANs enable machine learning to work with multi-modal outputs?
What is the difference between TensorFlow on Spark and the default distributed TensorFlow 1.0?
I want to become a data scientist with machine learning speciality, what courses should I take?
How does the cross entropy loss guarantee that we learn valid probability distributions?
How do I find similarities among top 10 neighbors in a dataset?
What is the advancement of deep learning vs artificial neural network?
What hardware is needed to implement an intruder detection system?
Could I pass methods as arguments of a scikit-learn’s Pipeline?
How do I build a bot platform similar to Gupshup & Smooch?
Computer vision, NLP and speech recognition: Which one of these, if pursued a career in, gives the opportunity for the biggest impact in the world?
What is the application of machine learning in the music industry?
How do I design the output layer and the cost function in a NN for Multilabel-Multiclass (Mutually-Exclusive) Classification?
What is the difference between neural network architecture and topology?
Can you suggest any Python tool which can train module for feature extractions?
What are the main differences between back-propagation and target-propagation and why isn't the second one applied to train GANs (for example)?
Are there Machine Learning libraries present in the C programming language?
What is the difference between the coordiate gradient and the conjugate gradient?
What are the machine learning techniques that are used in building a anti virus programs?
Are there any startups which would pay me to learn Machine Learning and AI?
Can anyone give explanation of the Alternating Least Squares algorithm in a recommendation system with a simple numerical example?
Why does learning machine learning make you a great thinker?
What kind of Python libraries and machine learning algorithms do I need to learn to become a data scientist?
What applications does machine learning have in cybersecurity?
What are the proposed algorithms for fake review detection in sentiment analysis?
Since all the big tech companies are investing in AI, is another AI winter impossible?
What are some interesting project ideas in Deep Learning?
What are some Kaggle problems that will help a beginner to advance?
Is it available to use artificial learning to course arrangement?
What are the topics that a UX designer must pay attention to for AI, Big Data, and ML?
What is a neural network? How do I learn about it? What are the skills that I must learn that will explain the basics?
How can I master machine learning so that I can join Google for machine learning related positions?
What is the nice task using only unsupervised leanrning models?
Why have Google, Microsoft, and Apple all acquired many machine learning startups?
What is the faculty profile of CONCEPTREE Learning?
How can I start in data science without a computer science degree?
Which are the best classifier algorithms for disease prediction and recognition?
What is the mathematical proof for weights penalty methods?
Is there an app that uses deep learning to find out which celebrity I talk like?
How does a machine learning system store its learned memory?
Should I quit my job and spend 3 years to learn machine learning and deep learning?
What machine learning algorithms does Google use for its search engine?
If a fully sentient and self-reprogramming AI can be programmed, is there any way to prevent it from having any possibility of being malicious?
Who are the best researchers in the field of deep learning in Germany?
What is lucky algorithm and its real life implementations?
How does AlphaGo learn from its previous matches?
Is it likely that artificial neural networks would have been discovered without trying to model the brain?
Can you explain intuitively or with an example why the gradient points to the direction of steepest ascent?
Are mobile GPUs powerful enough to run deep learning algorithms meaningfully, or should things still be done in the server and sent to phones?
Why is 'uncertainty quantification' a big topic of interest?
How would you create a feature for the "order of pages visited" for machine learning?
What are the platforms supported by scikit-learn?
What are the advantages of distributed representations?
Why would we ever want to confront the Partition function in Machine Learning?
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
Could AI develop mathematical intuition?
How does the shape of a neural network affect training accuracy and overall performance?
Are there any machine learning/data science/programming classes, during the weekend in Toronto?
What are some good resources to understand Machine Learning theories and algorithms?
For someone new to Machine Learning, how do I enter the self-driving cars field?
In TensorFlow, what is a "dense" and a "dropout" layer?
Should I enroll in a second bachelor to start a career in artificial intelligence/machine learning?
What should be the appropriate size of training data while training a neural network?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
Slowly more and more machines/AI are replacing functions of humans in the workplace. In the future will we buy a machine to work in our place?
Would you trust an A.I. to do surgery?
Is there a tool/add-on that works like Grafana and has AI that can learn your system for smarter alerts?
What are the best meetups for machine learning in NYC?
What should I know to be a junior machine learning developer?
Are there any open source image analysis and feature classification software packages for thermal imaging?
What is the difference between machine learning and machine intelligence? Do they mean the same thing?
What are the best methods to interpret what attributes different convolutional layers are picking up on?
What does it mean if my neural net's validation loss is constantly staying below training loss?
How do I perform an evaluation on the recommender algorithm using negative tests?
What degree is needed for a career in machine learning?
Should I learn Blockchain (Ethereum) or machine learning this summer?
How do I read the accuracy of Naive Bayes algorithm for a binary classification?
Where is the "magic" that generates the voice in the neural networks for creating text-to-speech?
What is the best and fastest way to learn machine learning, considering that I am a novice in this field?
How can I become very good in applied mathematics for robotics and machine learning before graduate school and while studying alone?
What are some interesting uses of the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine?
Is the backprop used to format convolutional filter use the response from the classifier?
How can I learn precision?
Is majoring in Cognitive Science at UCSD with a specialization in machine learning and computation an employable and/or lucrative major?
Which is a better start for learning machine learning: projects or theory?
How does Amazon Echo respond instantly to a phrase?
As a framework, do you recommend Apache MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe, or Caffe2?
What are possible ways to create a fixed sized feature vector from a variable sized input vector?
What is the best convolutional neural network for extracting features of the Face?
How can I learn artificial intelligence at its best from scratch?
What subject should I know to learn algorithms?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
Which specific use-case would you like to see solved by application of an artificial neuronal network in the future?
Has machine learning surpassed other approaches to artificial intelligence?
What are machine components which can not be made by casting?
What are the key differences between Bayesian program learning and deep learning?
Can TensorFlow be used as GPU-accelerated NumPy? If so, what are the limitations?
How can machine learning and predictive analytics derive business values?
How does TD-learning learning explain trace conditioning?
What Machine Learning algorithms help to classify questions to particular intent in the case of chatbots?
How do I calculate the error between the original characters and the recollected characters in training with Hopfield neural networks?
What will be a Moore machine for a binary adder?
What are the best computer vision and deep learning companies in France?
Why do people feign interest in Computer Science research areas like Machine Learning?
What are the best books for solving GATE level problems in an n-machine power system except previous solved paper?
What is the generalized algorithm for the steepest descent method that can be input into Scilab?
What are the difficulties found in natural language processing?
What exactly are the hardware requirements for a Recurrent Neural Network?
What is the correct way of implementing a machine learning algorithm?
Why is Bayesian regularization backpropagation called that?
In R, how can I set the margin parameters of a plot graphic to avoid labels being cut?
How useful is the machine learning course from Coursera?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
Machine learning or Android, which is better for a summer internship?
How good is Java for Machine Learning and Data Analytic implementations?
Is data science/machine learning breaking away from traditional computer science?
What is the best order of learning to learn machine learning?
How can we make use of learning in the future?
Is gradient boosting appropriate for class-imbalanced data sets?
Are there any benefits in advancing artificial intelligence research from DeepMind’s victory over Ke Jie besides PR?
How has Quora helped you to improve your professional skills?
What is the best way for a class 10 student to learn artificial intelligence?
How do machine learning application scale?
What is the use of neural networks in the IT industry?
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?
Which major is better if I want to study Machine Learning and AI in grad school: a BS in Computer Science or a BA in Data Science?
How can a time series analysis be applied with deep learning in a recommender system?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
What is the best budget FPGA kit that would be fit for an accelerator for a neural network's algorithms?
What does it mean by 1D convolutional neural network?
What are the examples of machine learning use in retail analytics?
How does General Assembly's data science immersive program fare against data science, AI, and machine learning/deep learning courses from MOOCs?
Where can I find a dataset of transcription factor networks with meaningful labels? Or how can I get labels?
Can I publish a paper on machine learning using publicly available data sets and without the help of any guides or professors?
What are your thoughts about artificial intelligence?
How is machine learning and deep learning implemented in Android applications?
What are the most well-known instances of incremental classification models in machine learning?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
How do you maintain your in-depth machine learning knowledge?
Is machine learning only as good as the data it is presented with? If yes, then can this dependency be eliminated?
What basics should one know before starting machine learning?
The best line fit can be found analytically by the least squares method. Can we say that linear regression (least squares) has an optimizer?
How can I identify a person’s ID with machine learning?
What is the optimal range of standard error of regression model to be acceptable as a means of prediction?
What is the relationship between reinforcement learning and adversarial learning (e.g. GAN)?
What exactly is a Dynamic Neural Network?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
How can I incorporate side information into a convolutional neural net classifier?
Are numerical optimization and convex optimization closely related to machine learning?
Is there a proper answering machine for Android?
Why are deep learning architectures like CNN, Faster R-CNN, or SSD open to all? Why can't these people get these architectures patented?
Which is the best graduate level reference for statistical learning?
Do I need to know machine learning algorithms for securing a job as a data analyst?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
What is the difference between a text mining specialist and a research associate working in text mining?
What is an intuitive explanation for the expectation conditional maximization(ECM) algorithm?
What career options are there for an undergraduate with an interest in deep learning, computer vision and artificial intelligence?
How long does it take to learn artificial intelligence/machine learning?
How does one identify interaction terms in linear regression?
How can we improve the D/L method for use in T20 cricket?
If one has not already shared and equalized wealth, isn't that proof the same will not share and equalize AI?
What is a 'typical set' in probability density estimation for Bayesian inference?
The OLS method requires a set of assumptions to ensure that the estimates are unbiased. Does the gradient descent method also require similar assumptions?
I want to buy a decent second hand PC for starting out with deep learning buying a GeForce GTX 1070, what features should I care about?
Can you use Keras to train a machine learning model to detect a soccer player? The model should be able to tell which team the detected player belongs to.
How could I use a shared GPU server safely?
If you sort all the weights of a trained neural network in ascending order, how would the curve of the sorted data look?
Where is machine learning most applicable to orbit determination?
What are some real-time examples of machine learning?
If I predict clusters on a whole trainset then use them as categorical features and perform CV, would it be a leak?
What is block-wise variable selection when doing regression analysis?
How does a neural network model fractional powers for input variables?
By 2037, will most jobs be done by machines and AI?
How do l replace nominal values into numeric values in a given data set for applying clustering algo?
What does Yann LeCun mean when he says "In the real world, you can't back-propagate gradients" and that "Differentiation is the essence of learning"?
Could and should a sophisticated AI system be developed from a basic machine learning that can code itself?
What are the standard techniques to model/simulate people's long-term and short-term mobility?
What year will the hype of AI/Machine Learning catch up with reality?
How do I land my first job as a machine learning specialist?
Which is the best machine learning technique to classify ~50,000 unlabelled images (2-3% noise) into 3 different classes?
Have you had a positive experience with Recurrent Neural Networks? What problem did you solve, and what was your neural network configuration?
Is data characterization unsupervised or supervised learning?
Do Indian offices of Google do publication-worthy work in deep learning?
Is machine learning the future of the programming world?
What are the clustering algorithms that can deal with big data effectively?
How do I get realistic test data sets for a test case reduction technique?
What are feature reduction algorithms that do not need the number of features to be given?
How to apply time series analysis and machine learning to health management？
How can I prove that my Lasso model is not overfitting?
Does stacking models in machine learning make a huge difference to the results?
How could a PhD in bioinformatics do a postdoc in AI or computer science?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
How are image recognition and object recognition different areas in deep learning?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
Are there any good survey papers on supervised dimensionality reduction?
How is Caltech's CMS Ph.D. program for someone interested in machine learning/stats? How does it compare to other top programs (Stanford ICME, etc.)?
From where can I study artificial intelligence as it is not in my college curriculum?
Can I pursue a direct PhD in AI/Machine Learning at CMU right after graduating from the BSc in AI and CS program at the University of Edinburgh?
What are some possible ways that machine learning and blockchain technology can improve campaign finance?
How do I find out the efficiency or accuracy of my ANN or CNN?
Which is the best open source to implement a Convolutional Neural Network? Is it good in terms of speed and feasibility?
Are there other ways to regularize the l0 norm than the l1 regularization that can be useful in machine learning?
Why can't the GeeksforGeeks website publish articles on machine learning?
What is the difference between machine learning and MDPs (Markov decision processes)?
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?
What is the best approach to build an implicit recommender system?
What can William Chen recommend to a high school freshman trying to learn machine learning?
What are the similarities and differences between multilayer perceptron (MLP) and radial basis function (RBF) networks?
Can Generative adversarial network be used in classification/prediction?
What is the mathematical proof for neural networks?
Is pre-training still necessary on deep Boltzmann machines? How effective are they nowadays?
What's the difference between Pytorch, Dynet, Chainer and TensorFlow Fold?
What are some of top use cases for machine learning on cloud services in banking?
What is the relationship between correlation coefficient and goodness-of-fit in linear regression?
What's the best algorithm to detect stock price breakouts?
How do I know if I implemented a deep learning architecture in a published paper correctly?
Is there a free alternative to bigml.com?
How does de-biasing Lasso work?
Is there any biological basis for generative adversarial networks?
Should we shut down all military AI-systems until we study that field enough?
What is the algorithm to find out the pattern in images for feature extraction?
How can I use KNN for mixed data (categorical and numerical)?
What are good resources to learn about Generative adversarial networks?
I am currently learning data science in Python on DataCamp and working with data sets on Kaggle, but I am afraid I won’t get a job. What more can I do?
What is a good approach to learn from a semi-large inaccurate dataset and a small accurate one?
Should I drop out of my college & take a data analysis course? How can I get a decent job if I develop good skills in data analysis but am not a graduate?
What is the difference between Speech to Meaning and Natural Language Understanding?
What is the difference between CNN and RNN?
Which is better for deep learning: SSH or cloud services?
How is beneficial to vary the size and the shape of window pooling in each pooling layer?
What is Google's machine learning?
I need to identify groups of users sharing similar interests including time availability. What's the best Machine Learning algorithm for this purpose?
How do I elicit regression coefficients (linear and nonlinear regression) from a domain expert?
Does Google Photos use DPP machine learning to curate photos?
How can I learn machine learning, deep learning and neural networks from scratch?
In R, is there no proper tool for visualizing gradient descent algorithms?
Is the 'homoscedasticity' assumption in linear regression equivalent to that 'the residual items are not related to the independent variables'?
Can we evaluate a deep neural network without a test set?
What are the differences between thinking humanly and thinking rationally?
How can I cross validate my movie rating prediction results against a verified recommendation engine (MovieLens data set)?
When a feedforward neural network is applied on 10 data points (20 features), the loss doesn't go to zero. How is this possible? How do I debug it?
How can I do convolutional neural networks in Keras?
In machine learning, why isn't an error on the validation set reported?
Deep learning is like a religion. Is it really changing technology as it appears to be doing?
Why do we maintain sparsity in neural networks?
How do I decide at which layer to put batch normalization in a very deep convolutional neural network?
What is the difference between a lazy and eager learner in machine learning?
What is the best Python IDE for machine learning?
What mathematics should I revise/learn if I want to thoroughly understand mixed-effects modelling/regression modelling?
How can I classify a question asked by a user into categories (DBpedia classes) in a question answering system?
Which is the best university for doing a Ph.D in natural language processing in India?
What hyper-parameter algorithms can be used for association rule analysis?
Is it necessary to be an Android developer before getting into machine learning?
Is Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course still the best machine learning course out there?
Can a EEE graduate do an M.Tech in machine learning and soft computing?
What is the meaning of the curriculum of applied learning?
Do practitioners in industry actually use DPP for machine learning?
What is the best phaco machine in the basic range?
What are some available dataset of discharge summaries?
In TensorFlow, with a tensor of (X,Y) (? is batch dimension), how can you calculate the nth moment about the mean along dimensions X for samples Y?
What are all the differences between on-line learning and off-line learning with backpropagation?
Where can I find more resources on computer vision?
Why does Imitation Learning require a lot of "system interaction time"?
What are the differences between sample big data set and high dimensional data set?
Are there any open source state-machine editors?
How can I create an efficient and accurate classification algorithm as fast as I can?
What is high-dimensional data in big data?
Should I leap to machine learning?
Is the physical or the statistical method more successful in earthquake forecasting?
Is it possible to subplot confusion matrices?
How hard is it like to program a self driven car?
How do I plot attention heatmap on sentences for sentiment analysis?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of fully connected layers in convolutional neural network?
Theoretically speaking, is it possible to predict the stock market using technology (AI, ML)?
What does it mean that Adagrad and Adam optimization algorithms are doing diagonal conditioning?
Which powerful laptop should I buy for deep learning in CUDA?
Is TensorFlow a good place to start for a beginner who wants to learn machine learning?
Why is NVIDIA hiring machine learning engineers?
Shall I continue with a PhD with no colleagues around?
What is the formula to find the threshold value in contourlet-based denoising?
What are some of the ways to learn machine/deep learning in drug discovery or healthcare?
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?
Can prediction models help in better re-marketing and get me a higher RoI?
During the optimisation of a deep neural network, is the only benefit of a large step size, the fact that it will train more quickly?
Why is it not standard practice to release trained model weights along with source code for deep learning research papers?
What are some ideas to install an industry for the production of machine related component?
What are the differences between Prediction Model IFDS and Business Rule based IFDS for car insurance companies?
What are some features, layers, pre-trained networks, etc. that should be added to Keras?
What is the best technology to learn among big data, cloud computing, and machine learning, and why?
How can backpropagation be implemented in max pooling layer?
What's the best way to determine variable importance in a neural network?
How easy is it to learn a boolean function with gradient Descent using a Deep Learning?
Why has OpenAI been so effective?
Why we don't need fully connected layers when all of the layers have weight sharing connections in a convolutional neural network?
In a deep Q-network, what are the advantages/disadvantages of enumerating all possible action states even if actions are independent?
Why are the parameters of Weibull not unique for a given data?
How do insurance companies make customer churn-out prediction model?
In what ways will quantum machine learning be a game-changer?
Why are there so many real data scientists and machine learning engineers out there?
Which machine learning framework is highly recommended for building a image-to-text engine for fast and easy implementation?
Which prediction model is good to predict future tickets (incidents) based on past data and the application hierarchy?
What is the connection between gradient methods and the ordinal least square under the linear approximation?
What's the difference between machine learning in MATLAB and Python?
What machine learning techniques will be used in Google’s new jobs search engine?
What type of deep learning algorithm does IBM Watson uses for Natural Language Classification? Does it use CNN or RNN?
How do I decide whether to use supervised machine learning or reinforcement learning models?
What is the future of deep learning for medical image segmentation?
What, and up to what extent, should I learn to become a big data and machine learning test engineer?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
Where can I find links to Machine learning artwork?
What is the MOC of a machine? Why is it required?
How do I switch to a computer vision job?
What machine learning algorithm should I use for credit risk assessment?
Is there a good Python library to impute missing values using more advanced methods rather than mean/median/most frequent value?
How much computing power does Google add annually, considering its strong effort in transition from ‘Mobile First’ to ‘AI First’ strategy?
How can I measure similarities between two correlation matrices?
Convolutional neural networks have had great success in vision for computers. Can we apply them to NLP and speech, as well?
Is it possible to have a extremely low l2-loss while having accuracy at chance level?
What are the usual data science algorithms for insurance companies to classify fraud and non-fraud claims?
Who introduced GPU to deep learning?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
Which one is the best for studying machine learning, Coursera or Udacity?
What type of neural network is used for a set value for each attribute for one class?
What is TensorFlow, and how can we get started with it to get into machine learning?
What resources can I use to gain a deeper understanding of Tensorflow?
Should we directly use SVM instead of HOG + SVM if we want to preserve color information for a classification task?
Can manual day trading (still) compete with machine learning?
What tools or libraries exist now for transcribing music to MIDI?
How can Quora improve it's artificial intelligence/machine learning?
How do we measure the performance of an industrial cluster?
How can I solve a multicollinearity problem to make a regression on an economics series?
How can I do a machine learning project from scratch if I have no idea about it?
What are some relatively unknown but powerful data science / machine learning tricks?
Can vapors or steam hold information in them such as neural networks or anything at all?
Does Google use customer data to train AI models?
What is machine learning in computer science? How would you explain it in a way that a mechanical engineer can understand?
What have we learned from chatbots communicating in (natural) language semantics?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
What is the benefits of studying machine learning?
What type of tests or machines are being used for a viable time machine or teleportation device?
What is discrete cosine transform? Why is it required for speech recognition?
Do we really expect people to learn a new profession when they are replaced by machines?
Are graphical models used in situations with discrete data?
Would deep learning enable us to improve our research methods instead of just analysing big data with the current methods?
Is improving one of the big data clustering algorithms enough as a topic for a PhD?
Did you implement machine learning algorithms from scratch for the purpose of learning?
Could someone explain Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity in simple terms?
When did algorithm stock trading start? What is the difference between back then and nowadays, with big data?
How can POS tags help input features to improve ML algo learning to build a text classification algorithm?
Is deep learning "real AI"?
Is soft max a type of Gibbs distribution?
What are some discriminative neural networks?
Is supervised learning used more?
What is supervised attribute clustering?
How can we implement decision tree algorithms using MapReduce in Python? Are there any other sources available?
How do I assign labels in AE using SVM?
What is the physical meaning of using SVD/NMF on a spatial correlation matrix?
Where can I learn about the basics of artificial intelligence?
Which approach should I use for extracting specific relations from text in the domain of company takeovers?
What is the best tutorial for images classification training on my own dataset in Python?
How can I apply a cross-validation technique in an LSTM model?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
How does the Multiple Signal Classification (MUSIC) algorithm work?
How can I find a relevant tagged image according to a text?
Why is deep learning hyped despite bad VC dimension?
I am doing an online Machine Learning course. Will it help me in the future if I am not a Computer Science student?
What’s a good way to learn how to write algorithms? What techniques are used?
Is it possible to use machine learning for generating CSS styles?
How do insurance companies use machine learning?
Have you ever observed that batch normalization actually slows the training down?
What are the best practices for continuous integration for machine learning application?
How does tf.slice work in TensorFlow?
How can we make use of AI or machine learning to enhance the employee experience in an organization?
What are some good sources for machine learning and AI programming?
How the better classify events using machine learning?
Should NVIDIA be worried about Google's TPU chips (May, 2017)?
Is it possible to automatically improve a song's digital file by up-sampling and machine learning?
Which skills should a machine learning expert master? Do you know where to learn them?
What are synonyms for observations/samples that refer more to what I input into a machine learning model, rather than to what I literately observe?
Which deep learning framework is more suitable for the top 500 supercomputers?
How do you use deep learning for action recognition?
What are the steps to start learning Machine Learning? Any tutorial points?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
Should I be amazed that my colleagues know TensorFlow, Caffe, scikit, Theano and deep learning?
What are the prerequisites for ‘the Deep Learning’ book?
Which papers are related to Information Retrieval for closed domain question-answering?
Has anyone tried combining character level and word level in RNN or LSTM for text classification? What are the approaches to combine these?
What other functions, such as the sigmoid function, are used in machine learning?
How would you create a neural network for conscience?
In Polyflow, what's the algorithm in the mixing task?
Where do I find practical examples for computer vision problems?
What are the best machine learning algorithms that are used for classification?
What is the difference between machine learning and Q-learning?
What procedures should be followed to do a final-year research project on pattern recognition and image processing?
Does knowledge of domain enough to construct selective features to build a prediction model with 0.8 regression?
What is the main indicator that it is the right time to use dimension reduction (according to a correlation matrix)?
What is a perceptron?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
Is man a biological machine?
Is Imarticus Learning a good institute for data science?
What is an in-house dataset?
HR told me that I can expect programming and scripting questions in my machine learning interview. What can I expect for "scripting" questions?
How should I teach myself about topics like AI and Deep Learning if I have no prior knowledge of programming? I want to start from the basics.
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?
What are cooperative learning models used for?
Are there any unexplainable anomalies in computer coding that could suggest machines have a soul?
What would be the best Kaggle challenge for me as an intermediate level machine learning enthusiast?
Should I learn Android app development or Machine learning if I want to get selected in companies like Flipkart, Amazon etc?
What companies make extensive use of dark data?
When will humans learn that they are terrible at investing and just let the machines take over?
Can I get a deep understanding of machine leaning by being self-taught?
Why is a sigmoid function still used in deep nets if it introduces the vanishing gradient problem?
Is there a way to find football videos that are already annotated?
What GPU Server Architecture would one use for larger scale Deep Learning inference deployment?
Can machine learning techniques be used to develop a better understanding of quantum mechanics?
Is learning machine learning in online courses really worthwhile?
What are the pros and cons of these three sequence models: MaxEnt Markov Model, Conditional random fields, and recurrent neural networks?
How do I code XOR gate in artificial neural network?
How can we combine two deep neural networks and train them end to end?
Why do Conditional GANs need Gaussian noise z in addition to input x?
Assume 10 data samples, each with 36 entries and the entry has 100 dimension. Which is better to save in R, nested lists or Matrix of vectors?
How can I start building simple machines if I am a total beginner?
What are the resources available to learn about AI?
Is the classification in machine learning being used in robotics directly? How?
Why does so much data become "dark"?
Can a neural network be taught to conditionally ignore certain inputs?
What is the best Python library for visualizations of deep learning?
Is Azure machine learning better than other machine learning?
How do I check if the distribution of two datasets are similar or not?
How can I link between the outputs of SyntaxNet and RNN?
In a deep neural network, why does batch normalization help improve accuracy on a test set?
Where can we use artificial neural networks?
What exactly is the difference following two BPTT equations provided in the details section ?
Do I need to learn dynamic programming and machine learning to get a job at Uber Bangalore?
Is it necessary to implement ML algorithms from scratch (like SVM)?
What is meant by “supervised deep learning neural network”?
Which is the best way to finetune VGG-Face with FER 2013 dataset?
Which loss function should be used in tensor flow for ranked recommendation models?
What is an easy explanation for using the cross entopy as a cost function for softmax?
Could machine learning generate YouTube videos that make a lot of money?
What is a support vector and how to calculate them?
Is traditional AI becoming obsolete in light of the progress in deep learning?
How do I calculate MLE (Maximum Likelihood Estimation) for a conditional Bayesian network?
Is it possible to detect fraud in real time using machine learning?
When reading values from air pollution monitoring systems, what algorithm can we use to predict future values?
Which one is better for algorithms and machine learning, Coding Ninjas or Coding Blocks? I am preparing for IT giant companies.
What is the best bachelor degree if I want to study artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in the future?
Which machine learning algorithm should be used when trying to rank an optimum solution involving multiple and multi discipline objectives?
How can I generate decision trees in ML?
Are there any companies working related to machine learning in Coimbatore?
How can l explain that the traditional Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) units suffer from the vanishing gradient problem?
What is meant by an activation map for feature visualization in deep learning?
What do you think about artificial intelligence?
How do you deploy a machine learning app engine?
Could facial recognition software be used to identify different livestock, such as individual hogs or cows?
Is it possible to use customer lifetime value as the objective function for a reinforcement learning algorithm?
Is it possible to do a master's degree in machine learning or data science after completing a B.Tech course in electrical engineering?
Why doesn't prior distribution have much impact on posterior distribution when we have a lot of data?
Are feature selection and generating a prediction model the same? When do we use feature selection in the process of data mining?
What is the most efficient algorithm for parallel stochastic gradient descent?
How should I start with polyphonic pitch detection?
How intelligent is IBM's Watson really?
Is it possible to combine a Convolutional Encoder and a Recurrent Decoder Network as a full stack autoencoder?
Can you explain me about machine learning? What is the scope of machine learning?
What companies or agencies use(d) Vader for sentiment analysis?
What are the organisations that come under Google Summer of Code for data science and machine learning?
What is the advantage of an end-to-end trainable neural network?
What are the correct value for-precision and recall in image processing?
Is Veritas Cluster best for a career?
What is the best way to classify scientific texts using limited training data?
What are the common objectives in natural language processing?
What are some interview questions on Support Vector Machine's use in practice?
In multinomial logistic regression, why is the p-value in the likelihood ratio test meaningful but in parameter estimates it isn't meaningful for each dimension?
Did Google Deepmind succeed because of its breakthrough in algorithm or because it found the right problem to tackle?
What is the disadvantage of running neural networks slower than real time?
What are the best practices for building something like a News Feed?
What is a primal and a dual problem in support vector machines?
Why does data mining with machine learning not involve statistical hypothesis testing?
Where can I learn more about the artificial intelligence company that Apple just announced it was purchasing today?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
What are the most popular ML regression techniques used on Kaggle?
How many training samples are needed to get a reliable model in ML?
What is the no-free lunch theorem?
Is there any scope of machine learning in robotics? If yes, what should a new comer learn?
What determines the storage capacity in associative memories in neural networks?
How do I learn sentiment analysis? Is there a complete guide available online?
What is the easiest neural network type to begin with, for reading handwriting?
How do I test the extracted rules of the rule-based classifier, and what's the next step that I should do after I create this model?
How can I use Faster R-CNN and RPN for sequence text detection in noisy invoices?
How can I reduce the categorical levels with Chi2?
Will Artifical Intelligence based robo-advisors lose all their edge due to taxes?
How can l explain that sequential representations are invariant to the length variation of sequence-like object in convolutional neural network?
What is adversarial machine learning? What are some real examples of that?
What are some of the best online courses to learn about autonomous cars?
What is the best learning trajectory and software to use in order to tap artificial intelligence for crime prevention, saving lives, and predicting events?
Is anyone at Realogy working on lifestyle search, valuation or other applications of machine learning and predictive modelling?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
Is an MS or PhD in Machine Learning necessary to work in this field in any company?
What are some machine learning applications of Determinantal Point Processes (DPPs)?
Could Google create a chatbot with their neural network?
Should I build a customer sentiment analysis tool?
What ML algorithm better fits into the use case where I need to predict the response time of a web application based on a previous dataset?
For a self-taught developer trying to get into the programming/ML industry, is it recommended to put my personal projects on GitHub?
What is a step-by-step procedure to conduct a project on sentiment analysis using MongoDB?
Are there any solutions for anaphora resolutions in sentiment analysis?
Is there a program that I can learn the type of machine learning used in mechanical engineering?
Can a convolution neural network have integrated information?
How do you feel about artificial intelligence?
What would be the role of IT service companies in the world of artificial intelligence and machine learning?
What are the techniques used to predict on a very small size data set, with nearly 20 observations?
What does it mean by sequential representations in deep convolutional neural network?
How do I predict word stress by machine learning?
How do I compare between artificial neural networks?
How can I get involved in medical research with a background as a programmer, in order to help to find solutions for different diseases?
How does one characterize uncertainties on predictions in a Bayesian learning framework?
When the posterior discrete probability distribution is known, which neural network activation function and loss function should be used?
What are data mining case studies for direct insurance companies?
What are the best online materials and syllabus to start learning AI in 2017?
What are some good references to use for the use of deep learning in protein structure prediction?
Which dimensionality reduction method can maintain the translation relations between points?
How do I use servers to run weka classifiers on large datasets?
How do I start research using machine learning with Python?
What is the difference between a perceptron and a Bayes classifier?
What is zero-centering (data preprocessing technique)?
Where can I learn more about the Microsoft computer vision API?
Which is the best institute in Bangalore for machine learning, artificial intelligence, and deep learning (need hands-on)?
What if I just take a normalized mod score from multiple machine learning based methods, instead of a logistic regression? What will happen?
For an encoder/decoder setup using an LSTM pair, why do we condition the decoder on the hidden state of the encoder?
Does a strong math major student with machine learning research experience without having taken any CS course have chance for top PhD programs in CS?
How do physicists become machine learning engineer?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
My experience with the performance of IBM Watson's NLP capabilities were bad. How was yours?
How can dark data be made useful?
I have 2 list of descriptions of cars and I have to match them how can I use machine learning to automate the process?
Can the public cloud providers (GCP, AWS, Azure) utilize customer data to improve their own services, particularly in machine learning?
What would you call non-machine learning techniques?
How does Redfin use recommender systems?
Which foreign companies offer internships to final-year CS students in PHP, Python, ML, and AI without paying any money to access an internship portal?
How can I extract diverse tables from multiple HTML documents with out loosing structure?
Which topics should I learn to understand the internals of CMU Sphinx?
How much do we know about internal workings of deep learning algorithms that were used in image classification datasets like ImageNet or Pascal VOC?
What is the difference between a neural network, back propagation, convolutional network, deep learning, and extreme learning?
Can you provide examples of effective Deep Learning domain adaptation from 3D engines to the real world?
Is the new Titan Xp worth buying to build a new machine for deep learning (for my PhD in NLP/ML)? Should I wait for a future GPU?
How can someone practice his knowledge in deep learning with Keras?
What data mining algorithms can I use to maximize profit for a gift card company that stores sales, orders and customer data in a relational database?
In which cases does transfer learning or fine-tuning a model not work?
Why do people prioritize statistical method for name entity recognition system to algorithmic exact matching?
Do the current techniques of machine learning applicable to captioning a modern commercial film of English language?
Are there any games that are good for beginner neural network creators to test their skills on?
In Deep Q learning, is it sensible to perform multiple weight updates between each action?
How is the cycle time related to a machine’s down time?
How can I build my own deep Q-network model like Atari (deep learning)?
What are some potential ways that machine learning can be used in HR technology?
What are the differences between the approaches of the major tech companies to machine learning?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
What are the motivations for considering the use of more hidden layers in mul- tilayer feedforward neural networks?
How likely is it that someday the USA will have an AI computer or machine as president?
How should I design a chinese novel translation neural network?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning inside of the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
What is the main difference between an autoencoder and gan which are both generative models?
As a beginner to data science, what modelling algorithms should I learn and preferably in what order? May I know the most commonly used algorithms?
What are the best techniques for detecting moving objects in videos?
What are the best source for learning Machine Learning and Natural Language processing?
What are the best applications of machine learning algorithms in long-term trend predictions?
Are humans Bayesian updaters?
What are possible diffculties for training deep networks?
Which online machine learning course give me overview and practical exposure to it?
What are some use cases for machine learning in VR?
Can AI create an unhackable system?
What are the best research laboratories for doing research in the machining of hard materials?
What are some "Python machine learning daily challenge" websites?
How do you train a model to process a real life image from different sizes?
What is the relation of artificial intelligence and expert system?
Why does a predictive model, when it’s trained with another dataset (which is from same source as the first one), become statistically insignificant?
What might Apple do with Lattice Data?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
How can I interpret the increase and the decrease of the loss function?
What is interesting about neural network?
What algorithms except from neural networks can be implemented in tensorflow?
Will Google Neural Translate begin to translate English idioms to major languages by the end of 2017?
Can you make an artificial neural network that learns to imitate hash algorithms like MD5 just by using the results of their application, not algorithms?
From where do I start learning data science? I want to do a data science internship in a start up. What are the basic pre requisites for that?
What is the difference between the least squares and ridge regression? How is this related to the bias-variance trade-off?
What is "dark data" with regard to AI?
Karpathy mentioned during a lecture that it is possible to replace the FC layer at the end of a CNN with an average pooling layer. Has anyone tried it?
I am new to programming, what does it mean to train a neural network?
What is exactly gain curve in machine learning?
What are the prerequisites to learn machine learning from scratch?
After TensorFlow, should I really bother with learning C++ for machine learning or should I stick to Python?
Is linear transformation of a function equivalent to expanding the function using a series of basis functions?
Which course is better, Stanford Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng, or Columbia Machine Learning by Paisley?
What are the recent papers on cooperative machine to machine communications?
Do you know of any research groups or companies that think about applying artificial intelligence to the corporate finance field?
How do I start machine learning and artificial intelligence from scratch?
How do I install a feature selection repository?
What is the difference between Numeric Prediction and Classification?
Hypothetically could we build a machine to predict the future?
What is the network architecture of artificial intelligence?
What is the difference between parameters and hyperparameters when training multilayer perceptrons?
Where can one find new papers on machine learning and deep learning? Is there any kind of aggregator?
Which field is the best, big data or machine learning?
How could you cluster similar users in the MovieLens dataset?
What input neurons can I use for playing a grid-based game with Q-learning and neural network?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I classify objects (buildings, vegetation, ground, vehicles…) in point cloud data acquired from Lidar?
What does it mean by “end to end trainable neural network”?
How is machine learning applied in Google Wind?
According to many people, AI and machine learning are the major reasons for IT job layoffs. What jobs have been replaced by these disciplines?
What is conceptual clustering?
How do I learn to implement machine learning algorithms?
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?
Can I output the timing of words in a speech using Tensorflow CTC using RNN?
What is the importance of machine learning for pursuing a BTech graduate degree in computer science?
In artificial intelligence, which basic topics should we surely learn?
Is there any master’s degree offered in any well-known universities which offers a combination of machine learning with computer vision and robotics?
Do data scientists and machine learning engineer need to know implementing ML/DL algorithms from scratch or just use existing libraries in production?
Is it possible to create a design of a web page using machine learning? Like generating CSS styles, assuming that we already had HTML.
Is there a paper/library which compares and clusters videos based on similarity of content, title, person in video, topic discussed, place, etc.?
Is it possible for a high schooler to start learning machine learning?
Which is most suitable to use for deep learning research on a GPU - MATLAB or CUDA?
Can one design an AI to make itself better via some reinforcement learning, including changing its own model and hyper parameter?
In convolutional neural networks, what should the size of the last feature maps be? Is it beneficial to go as small as possible, e.g. 1 x 1?
How can I use machine learning to predict the corpus I need for retirement?
How can you use reinforcement learning in robotics?
Should I learn Machine Learning and Android App Development simultaneously? If yes, which programming language(s) should I go for?
Can I create a dataset and then use that to evaluate a classification algorithm?
What should I learn, AWS or machine learning?
How good is the Data Analytics and Machine Learning Program from SP Jain School of High Technology in terms of training and job placement?
What is the unit of a potential gradient?
Where are word embeddings used in industry?
What is difference between Retesting and regression testing?
What are some must-know important points in logistic regression?
What are some interesting Deep Learning problems that are being solved at the moment?
As a student, is it smart to create my own programming math libraries?
Do you think machine learning is just another bubble, or is it really the future?
How do I get Summer Research Internship in Stanford University for Machine Learning?
How do I identify the best category for a product using machine learning?
Is there any deep learning model which can not back propagate error differentials to its input?
How can I find the difference between grid and random search for hyper-parameter optimization according to the image below?
What measure of spread/variation is used to describe skewed data?
What are examples of machine learning projects where heuristics are effectively combined with model predictions?
Is it possible to create my own layer in Tensorflow?
How do I write XOR gate code for an artificial neural network using MATLAB or Python?
To what extent are neural networks used in spectroscopy?
Was there a significant progress made in quantum computing in the past 5 years, i.e., between 2012 and 2017?
Is it necessary for a CSE student to learn embedded systems to learn robotics and artificial intelligence?
What is the difference between "training" and "tuning"? Is tuning a part of training?
What is the objective of automatic recognition?
Which companies are hiring for computer vision in Pune as of May 2017?
Can sentiment analysis be used to price options?
How easily can actuaries change to IT-related careers like data science, machine learning and software development?
How should one set the batch size and epochs number in Keras?
What are the job prospects in the US if I do a Master’s in Machine Learning from a non-Ivy US university? I would need an H1B to work, as I'm a New Zealand citizen.
How would you build a POS tagger from scratch given a corpus of annotated sentences? How would you deal with unknown words?
What is the principle of deep learning?
How does Deep Belief Network solve the vanishing gradient problem?
How do I interpret PCA correlation circle?
What is the best algorithm/approach to make an efficient neural network for a game of chess in Javascript?
What is the purpose of worms in an expeller machine?
What is the best way to become a professional robotics engineer, e.g. by using machine learning, ROS, or simple Python/C++ programmed Raspberry Pi/Arduino?
Which neural network framework is the best, Keras, Torch or Caffe?
What are the real life uses of Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
What are the best programming languages to learn for machine learning and natural language processing?
As Word2vec can help produce word embeddings, what models can create vector representations for different types of data like music or videos?
Why did Boston Dynamics program Atlas if they could embed machine learning algorithms into it and make it learn to walk smoothly all by itself?
How do I start learn statistics for machine learning?
Which machine learning/NLP approach would you use to categorize documents into categories like sports, politics, entertainment, etc.?
What are the areas where AI and machine learning are being used in supply chain and operations?
How good is Surrey University’s machine learning?
Is there a mind uploading research centre? How can I join that? What is required to join?
What speech recognition platform should I choose?
What programming tool can be used to transform alpha numeric symbolic characters into pattern recognition visual representation architecture?
When using a basis model to represent a cubic spline, what is the meaning of the truncated power basis function and its math, in layman's terms?
What is Recurrent Reinforcement Learning?
Is any educational degree mandatory to build a career in Robotics and Machine Learning?
What is a contrastive loss function in Siamese networks?
What can we learn from nature, and how can we make use of that learning for the future? What are your ideas and experiences?
Is there a machine learning library that can identify the odd image/images from a given pool of images ?
Should a neural network model be evaluated based on percentage of forecasts that do a correct prediction, instead of measures based on error terms?
In the real-world scenario, data is both linear and non-linear. How can I use ANN to handle linear data?
What real-life problems will be solved with Artificial Intelligence (AI) within the next 10 years, i.e. by 2028?
What is the difference between Google Swivel and GloVe?
How can I compute HOG vectors for a data set and save them for future use using Python?
Is it OK to jump into big data or machine learning with the mindset of opening my own startup in the future?
How do you apply simhash algorithms to clustering?
How are multi-layered or bi-layered pills (tablets) compressed together? Is there a binding agent used, or is it purely a mechanical process?
What are the best NLP companies?
What are the Top 10 papers in Machine Learning?
How is machine learning incorporated into Cafe X's business model?
What would be an example of a simple non-convex function?
Do the eigenvectors/values of a Gaussian Process' covariance matrix have any significance or suggest any interpretations?
What is the best machine learning algorithm which detects watermark from a watermarked image?
What should I start with, cybersecurity or machine learning, if I am familiar with front-end development?
Where can I find the more recently recorded lectures of CS229: Machine Learning for free?
What are the best online tutorials for Applied machine learning with practical scenarios?
What is the most interesting work in ML model interpretability in 2017?
If there's a chance that our brain has a similarity with the neural network, then what lesson should we take in order to live better?
What is the next fad after machine learning?
What is the explanation behind output of Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
How do I get recognition without dismissing my own learnings?
Is the free probability useful in machine learning?
What practical skills should an aspiring machine learning researcher learn (Linux, parallel computing, GPU, ect.)?
How can I compute HOG vectors for a dataset and save them to be used later, using Python?
How do you interpret the results from R after analysis is done in organisations?
How does L2 heatmap regression differ from pixel-wise cross-entropy, and what are the advantages of the former?
How can I start implementing machine learning in my workplace?
Why does a depth-wise separable convolution model like Keras Xception perform exceptionally well compared to GoogleNet Inception or any other TL models?
How can I learn or get certified in machine learning while working in an Indian service-based MNC?
Why is Bayesian optimization’s use of Gaussian processes said to be smarter optimization for hyperparameters?
How do I update a model (regression or classification) with new data in Python?
What is you experience of learning Python & Machine Learning at zekeLabs?
From where do I get interesting open data sets to learn advanced machine learning concepts?
How do I find optimal hyperplane for data points (1,1) (2,1) (1,-1) (2,-1) (4,0) (5,1) (5,-1) (6,0)?
What’s a good approach to machine learning regular expressions, using just examples?
What Machine Learning algorithms are most useful for forex trading?
Are Smart Goals created automatically by Google's machine learning algorithms?
Is there such a thing as smell recognition, like image and video recognition?
What if we make or train an AI to predict its own growth based on data like achievements, research and major breakthroughs in recent years?
How can one speed up multiplication of 100000 by 100000 matrices to less than a second using Machine learning or Deep learning?
If all the computing resources were almost the same almost 10 years ago, then why have we developed such a great interest in AI and ML, circa 2016-17?
Is it possible for a mechanical engineer to learn machine learning without any coding experience? If so, how can I start learning?
What jobs are available if you learn machine learning or deep learning?
What is the evolution of methods for deep learning, from the early beginning until CNN and beyond?
What are the best sites for learning the theory of machines for GATE?
How was Pearson's correlation coefficient derived?
Don't you find solving kaggle-like machine learning problems intellectually boring (compared to competitive programming, for example)?
What are the advantages and disadvantages when we compare convolutional neural network and recursive neural network for natural language processing?
What are some examples of artificial Intelligence that are not Machine Learning?
How do I use deep learning to classify the stance of one document and a given comment sentence on it?
What are some questions related to SVM that one can expect in a interview?
What improvements in algorithms made deep learning possible for neural networks?
Where can I learn about machines effectively?
How do I spend 10,000 hours learning AI?
What are the best AI machine learning company stocks for 2017?
How can I cope with learning Data Science?
Do engineers apply what they learned at school to their work?
How large is the machine learning community?
What is an appropriate way to compute the similarity between two set of tags?
How much time do I need to learn everyday if want to become a machine learning engineer in 1 year?
Can I shift my career BI analyst to Machine learning engineer?
In which deep learning problems neural networks are prone to high biases?
How can l improve my Optical Character Recognition (OCR) predictions with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) on noisy images?
What is the goal of the 'Big Machine' (global industry, tech development, academia, etc)?
How do you use machine learning to predict the needs of a new customer?
How do I search for the estimation of the F-distribution parameter using Bayesian or maximum likelihood?
Are there any Java codes avaliable to calculate similarity of high dimensional data?
How do I learn Google AI TensorFlow easily with a non-IT background?
What effect will deep learning have on museums?
Does Artifical Intelligence currently play any role in the advancement of renewable energy?
Can we do sentiment analysis on YouTube data like we do on Twitter using API in Python? How? If not, is there any other way to do it?
Which ML models are used for automatic speech recognition?
How do I implement Machine Learning on manually extracted features?
How can we use cyc system in the field of Natural Language Processing?
What are the reasons that robots should be used for automated scoring of written content using natural language processing?
What are the medical imaging domains where deep learning can play a major role?
How can I apply a convolutional neural network algorithm to analyse Twitter text?
Does IBM’s Bluemix natural language understanding take reviews of a product as a text and generate responses?
Is Rutgers a good school for PhD in Natural Language processing?
Should I go with AWS instead of buying a Titan X Pascal for deep learning?
Is the combination of induction and abduction reasoning part of symbolic machine learning approaches?
What is decimal scaling normalization?
How do I run IB3 on Weka?
How can I make an image captioning system?
How can I increase my accuracy when working on MatConvNet CNN?
How do services like Wibbitz work? What kind of NLP algorithms are they using to analyze text?
Why should I learn Scala for machine learning?
How can ML/AI benefit astrophysics and cosmology?
Can I do a sentiment analysis for several areas using several data sets in Python?
What machine learning tool are you using in your final product? Why?
Can I make my own news recommender system? How?
How do you calculate the optimum number of layers for a given problem in DNNs?
How can I classify the sound of metal and a plastic using neural networks?
Is cross-entropy loss always better than squared-error loss for deep learning tasks?
What are the pros and cons of using a ConvNet on an image of a graph, compared to feeding a regular neural net with the same data as numbers?
How can we implement AlexNet CNN network with predefined MNIST datasets using MATLAB codes?
What AI method can be used to read text and then answer questions regarding the text?
What kind of input is in Siamese network?
What should I learn in order to sustain in modern age of IT industry which is automation and machine learning?
What is MRI brain extraction in deep learning?
How can a business analyst contribute in Data Science, Machine Learning, and Big Data?
Will machine learning discover new strategies for chess like AlphaGo did?
Where can I find a large chart image dataset?
What is text annotation in machine learning? Explain with examples.
Is there a computational model of artificial neural networks?
Is there an OCR library that can recognize text from images (not just scans)?
Which MOOC is good for advanced machine learning?
What is the best way to do transfer learning with TensorFlow?
What are the complexity, challenge and strength of recommender systems?
Is backpropagation in neural networks the same concept as the chain rule?
What are good techniques to debug seq2seq LSTM time series models in TensorFlow?
Does computer science at CMU Qatar have strong Machine Learning and computer vision courses just like the PA campus?
What are the best automated machines for producing apparel?
Is there any way through GATE electrical to get into machine learning related research course?
In what order should one learn different mathematics concepts for data science?
Will the solution of SVM always change from the current one if any support vectors were not part of the train set?
What are the available public datasets for Automatic Target Recognition in Synthetic Aperture Radar images?
What are some best websites to learn Machine Learning?
How can I spend this summer break (3 months) to gain knowledge in data science and machine learning enough to get an internship by August?
In deep learning, is there no (good) alternative to CUDA available? Isn't it bad to focus only on NVIDIA?
Who are some of the recommended people to follow on Quora for topics on Machine Learning and Deep Learning?
What are the current state of the art algorithms for object detection in 2017?
I want to learn machine learning, what should be my course plan?
Who is the best Machine Learning mentor in New York?
How do I prepare for a data science or machine learning interview at a big tech company?
How do I become really good at machine learning?
What are the machine learning programming languages I can learn?
What are the requirements for making a flop machine?
How do I start to learn Machine Learning by myself?
What recently published work is comparable to Statistical Mechanics of Learning (Engel & Van den Broeck)?
Do I need to work at Google to do their course in deep learning?
What is the state of the art in unsupervised image clustering?
How do I implement natural language processing for .net web applications?
Do ABD undergrads get MA/PhD roles in tech/quantitative finance firms?
What are the questions I can expect in Machine Learning interview specifically for my ML projects?
Can I use TensorFlow without having any experience with machine learning?
Does the normalization of the weight vector affect the prediction of perceptron?
In what ways are artificial neural networks and biological neural networks different?
How will ontology and knowledge graphs be helpful for context creation in chatbots?
If AI create forms of math too complicated for humans to understand, will we still try to learn them?
How can I do machine translation from English to Tamil or Hindi using ML and Deep Learning?
How can I learn artificial intelligence with a little bit of knowledge of Python?
Where I can find a text classification code using Rhadoop?
Why do we not maximize functional margins in SVM?
Can one become equally skillful in data science, machine learning, programming, and entrepreneurship?
What is the conversion of cc into mL?
Which companies are using machine learning?
Should we train neural networks on the training set combined with the validation set after tuning?
How do I classify a time series, where each value is a distribution?
What should be my roadmap to build a machine learning project in Python (read description)?
Is it better to do machine learning with NumPy or TensorFlow?
Could neural networks be used to breed a dog in the style of a champion?
What are probabilistic computational models?
What is the best API for sentiment analysis which supports German language?
What’s the difference between a learning algorithm controlling blocks of a program, versus blocks of symbols that get grounded into natural language?
For the variational auto encoder, why do people use cross entropy in the cost term as opposed to the sum (q (z|x*log (p(x|z))?
Do online karaokes sell voice recording for Machine Learning (speech recognition) purposes?
What are recent advances in drag discovery using artificial neural networks?
What does fit method actually do in KNN and other classifiers, in scikit-learn in Python?
What is meant by 'rapidly mixing' with respect to a Markov chain in machine learning?
What is the main job of an Deep learning or Machine learning engineer in Amazon?
Is Tensorflow considered a Blackbox solution?
How do you maintain food hygiene in machines? There must be some cross contamination in machine maintenance.
What are some machine learning classification problems for paper publication?
When I shop at Amazon, I only get recommendations per item. Don’t they take into account all the items in my cart when recommending things to me?
How does the brain interpret relative distances while looking at 2D images on a screen?
How do I solve a problem of a large distance matrix in t-SNE?
How do I train numbers 0 - 9 images and classify it with neural network in MATLAB?
Which machine learning approach is suitable for mapping word coordinates to tabular data from a scanned image?
Is there any place in science where the Python statistical library is poor or immature compared to R?
Which is better when it comes to trained models, TensorFlow or Caffe? I know that a year ago TensorFlow didn't have many trained CNN. Did that change?
How can I start learning and practicing machine learning and how can it be used in the field of Cybersecurity?
How do I present survival data that includes time-varying covariates and fit the model in R?
What is meant by "no. of parallel paths" in rotating machines?
How does one take care of numerical stability of the results while running any ML algorithm?
What is the best measure for comparing two predictive variables?
Why are some companies hesitant to incorporate machine learning?
Why are non-linear activations not used before the final layer?
What are some great data science based insights?
Is the progress in artificial intelligence accelerating (as of 2017)?
How can I train in a spatial transform network?
Should I learn Machine Learning as a mechatronics engineer?
Do you think that Machine Learning could be used for IT audit purposes?
Why do we need RandomForestClassifier when DecisionTreeClassifier selects the best feature at each split?
Which is the better machine learning research center in Canada, MILA Institute or Vector Institute?
Why did the authors of the Deep Learning book use the name structured probabilistic models instead of the standard probabilistic graphical models?
Do I need to learn backend development if I want to become a machine learning engineer?
Is it preferred or good to have certifications in predictive analytics and machine learning for a data scientist to remain in the competition?
What is the difference between the AdaBoost and random forests algorithms?
Does scikit-learn support ordinal logistic regression?
What is ROI projection in Faster-RCNN?
How do neural patterns work?
Is there any research to show how good it is to just choose sentences from the beginning of the text in a single document summarization of a news dataset?
When should we perform feature selection before running deep neural networks?
What is a “canopy clustering” algorithm and how does a canopy clustering algorithm work?
Would such a novel innovative product be useful for data science?
Is a Microsoft Professional Program certificate in data science worth it to up my CS knowledge for a PhD project in machine learning and robotics?
Can fine-tuning a pretrained DL model outperform a domain-specific customized CNN model?
In scikit-learn, what is the difference between SGDClassifer with log=loss and logistic regression?
How can we survive the age of intelligent machines?
Is interpretability of deep neural networks a solvable problem?
What does it mean to be good at machine learning?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
What are the current best preventions for adversarial example attacks in neural networks (May 2017)?
Why do neural networks actually work? You basically just matrix multiply a bunch of numbers.
Is the ordinary least squares a type of loss function optimization for regression?
Is machine learning hard to master?
Which companies use machine learning software?
What is the meaning of Probabilistic?
Can you make me understand the linear regression by a picture?
What is the difference between Manifold Learning and Dimensionality Reduction?
Can I apply for a PhD in machine learning in schools like CMU and University of Toronto if I did a mediocre job as an undergrad but I did decently with my MSc degree?
What are the recommended methods to prevent over-fitting in evolutionary optimization?
Regarding Machine Learning (text classification), is it better to have a bigger vocabulary?
What machine learning algorithms should I use to rank the popularity and relevance of articles on the internet?
Which are the companies that are working in the machine learning software in U.A.E?
What progress have we seen in neural network interpretability (up to May 2017)?
How do Kagglers choose the best-performing Machine Learning algorithm for a given dataset?
Which website is best for learning machine learning?
Should I learn CUDA from scratch to write my own deep learning algorithms on GPU or use an existing library such as Caffe or TensorFlow?
Are there any companies that run deep learning models on CPU in production?
Which is the best (computer) networking book to refer to?
What does MaxUnpooling do if the maximum value for the corresponding MaxPooling operation is multiple times higher?
Can an electrical engineer without any certification do a machine learning job at an Indian startup in Bangalore?
What are some deep learning researches done by tech giants allowing the public to involve?
What's the best machine learning method to predict the time of a given observation?
Why do I get asked about how to treat missing data (machine learning) in every technical interview?
When processing categorical variables for ML algorithms, what's the best way to recode them?
How does a system used for machine learning know that it is doing the right thing?
Can the CNN in a TensorFlow tutorial used for classifying digits be used for English alphabet characters?
Can a trained hardwired, neuromorphic chip deep learning network be duplicated without having to train the new network?
What are some good programs to evaluate the output of a speech recognition system?
What are some new things for research in deep learning for e-learning?
What if in the future, an AI machine could reprogram its purpose to be to propagate its own survival?
Are there (yet) any AA missiles using visual imagery and machine learning to become nearly unevadable?
When using AdaBoost in classification, will adding weak classifiers promote the hit rate?
I'm interested in artificial Intelligence, where should I begin?
Can I do a Master’s thesis in machine learning by myself, without being attached to a university? I would just take a problem and do my research in order to solve it.
How do you understand the Delta in Back Propagation Algorithm?
Where should we use ML and MCT in physics Class 10 calorimetry?
I have a classification project where some of the columns/features have more than 90% null values. How do I handle them?
What is the best ML/AI language to learn?
How does an expert data scientist go about a machine learning problem? Can you explain step by step?
What are some things that I need to do in order to become good at machine learning?
What is the difference between CycleGAN and DiscoGAN? They both seem to be the same thing.
How can I understand complex machine learning algorithms?
Which ML beginner project can I build to support my application to a university program in machine learning?
How can I prepare for a master’s in deep learning/machine learning in India/abroad being a mechanical engineering student at a tier 2 college?
Does a 20 ml paint tube really contain 20 mls of paint?
Are recommender systems a good area to do research on?
What type of machine learning is used to set retail gasoline prices?
How does back propagation work in a biological neural network?
What is the relationship between word embedding and topic modeling? Can we use word embedding to enhance topic modeling?
Can I run a deep learning algorithm with TensorFlow 1.1 backend using a Titan X GPU?
Are computers considered machines?
Are there any other competition platforms like Kaggle, but for data engineers instead of data scientists?
What is so special about machine learning that Sundar Pichai talks about in many of his speeches?
What are the topics in artificial intelligence?
What is the difference in the machine learning taught in colleges and that of Andrew Ng?
What are some interesting AI or machine learning projects to support an application to a university master’s program in AI?
What is the difference between classical artificial intelligence and modern AI?
Does Trump's limit on H1B visas help US citizens in STEM careers like CS and Data Science get higher wages, since there is a lower supply of workers?
I am learning neural networks and CNN, how do I determine the number of features in convolution layer, max pooling and number of neurons in FCL?
Which subfield of scientific computing has good employability and job prospects?
How many nodes does the most extensive artificial neural network have?
How do I make $10,000 in a month if my background is Physics/Mathematics, and I’m interested in Machine Learning/AI?
What is the difference between a .pb file produced by tf.train.write_graph and the .meta files produced by tf.Saver.save in TensorFlow?
Are there examples of clustering in deep learning without the Images dataset?
Is getting a Bevi machine worth it for a (small) startup?
Is there a way to extract the learned features from a CNN or a Neural Network in general?
Are experimental or unorthodox machine learning algorithms used in the industry?
Can someone learn and uphold the authentic cooking techniques (the best and the forgotten ones) used in any particular culture?
Are there some toolkits similar to Weka?
How can I download the FERET database?
How do I learn about machine learning versus data science versus artificial intelligence versus neural networks versus natural language processing? How do they differ and what skills set do I need to master them?
What theory of learning is being applied when the teacher is using direct instruction and giving a quiz?
Do online karaokes sell spoken audio for ML purposes?
This is an example of the ID3 algorithm. How is the decision tree generated and what does “temperature as ref attribute” mean?
Are there some common jobs which are likely to be replaced by computers/machines in a few years?
How do I extract answers from the passage using NLP, with a similar kind of comprehension?
How can we use deep learning in cognitive sciences, and in which part specifically?
Do I have to learn Python to be able to understand Machine Learning?
What are the UX challenges in AI?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
Who are some of the best professors in Neural Networks, and related fields, that you know of?
What are the latest research ideas related to machine learning?
What is the current mainstream method to label the lane marker?
Can I implement Linear Discriminant Analysis as a classifier after using it as a feature reduction?
How do I learn Hopfield neural network with an example and explanation?
Is it a feasible way to understand CNN from the frequency domain?
How can I read everything about machine learning in Quora?
Is it seriously possible to do machine learning with PHP?
Is it fine to leave the rest of Machine Learning and only focus on ANNs?
How is NLP?
Why is artificial intelligence related to robotics if it (machine learning for AI) cannot be programmed or used in the same way as in robotics?
What was your experience studying for your PhD in AI/machine learning at the University of Toronto?
Does a 20-ml paint tube really contain 20 ml, or it is 20 ml after mixing with media?
Which universities in Japan are the best for a post-graduate degree in machine learning?
From both machine learning and the clinical perspective, why can we predict the cancer risk within a timeframe?
Which ML model/algorithm do I use for my project?
In AdaBoost in classification, will adding weak classifiers promote the hit rate definitely?
Is it possible to combine two neural networks into one?
How good is the machine learning program at the University of Alberta?
Will it work if Propofol 10mg/ml is taken orally?
Is it just me or all the Q&As on Quora are fed into some massive AI for learning?
What are the prerequisites for Machine Learning course?
How can a credit card company work with deep learning?
Is submodularity taught in graduate school in machine learning?
Are there any good Deep Learning reading groups organized in the Seattle area?
Is there a platform to register to find out about machine learning, conferences, workshops, jobs, and other activities?
Is it worth to spend 8k USD to build a computer with powerful GPUs to learn deep learning?
How is Submodularity useful in machine learning problems?
Specifically, what are all the math concepts that I need to know to learn about machine learning and deep learning successfully?
What is a good method to reformat long & complex machine-generated SQLs?
How are machine learning algorithms (written in Python) applied on data residing in a database (say MySQL or MongoDB)?
What are the differences among AlexNet, GoogleNet and VGG in the context of convolutional neural networks?
How do I apply deep learning or machine learning to satellite imagery?
How do I learn engineering machine drawing in 1 week?
How can I do grid, random search, and Bayesian optimization for hyper parameters in scikit-learn?
Which European countries are actually working and doing research on the Internet of things (IoT), machine learning, data science and robotics?
How is studying machine learning at UCL? I've been away from school for 5 years and self-study math and programming now.
Is there a collection of blank or filled in legal documents for training a neural network?
Why do actual neural networks work? You basically just matrix multiply a bunch of numbers.
What is the average starting and mid-career salary of someone with a master's in machine learning?
How can I use deep learning to teach a computer to speak Cantonese?
What is the bare minimum maths needed to work in AI/machine learning/deep learning? How much calculus knowledge is needed just to get by in this field?
Why do latent variables need to be correlated when we're specifying the measurement model?
What stream should I choose in my master’s if I want to excel in Data Structures and Algorithms, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
What is Constrained K-means Clustering?
How close is the Kaldi ASR to the state of arts in the speech recognition?
Do you need a PhD or master’s to be a machine learning engineer?
How can I deal with unbalanced samples in machine learning, especially when I estimate the parameters of my learning module with the likelihood?
How do I correctly configure agent's behavior in Q-learning with ANN?
If you could have one of the behemoth tech companies help you with one thing for your AI/ML startup, what would it be?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
Should I go for a game development year-long internship and job offer when I am interested in data science and machine learning?
Which top US universities can I target for a master’s in artificial intelligence/machine learning with a budget of 30-40 lacs INR?
What does it take to rank within #10 on Kaggle?
Dose "tensor" in deep learning mean the same thing as in mathematics?
In the Philippines, what is the average salary of an artificial intelligence engineer (or a machine learning engineer for that matter)?
Why might making price prediction a classification task instead of regression helpful?
Are there any publicly available taxonomies for natural language processing?
What is a real-world example of a covariate shift?
When will "Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective" 2nd edition be published?
Does the recently open-sourced DeepMind's library sonnet have the capability to establish itself as a standard for deep learning?
How important is to find the global minimum instead of local minimum in neural networks?
Can logistic regression get 100% accuracy in learning the XOR function?
How is the 'negative dependence' concept different from negative correlation?
Which is best for machine learning, AI, and robotics, for a good future and a good job opportunity, Python or JavaScript?
What are some real use cases for GPUs in a business?
Is it possible to become expert in machine learning in six months?
How do I get started on computer vision?
How do you classify a variable?
How can I become a machine learning engineer after undergrad?
What components make up deep learning?
How do I learn to use Quora?
How can people endure using Caffe, which has so many dependencies?
What are the 10 surprising machine learning applications?
What is the best way to describe machine learning in layman's language?
How should I prepare for a master’s in deep learning/machine learning in India/abroad as a mechanical engineering student at a tier 2 college?
How could Neuralink prevent a bad artificial Intelligence outcome?
Should I practice algorithms with C++ or Python for an interview for a big company internship with a focus on deep learning and looking for a PhD afterwards?
What are some good books to get me up and running with machine learning with Python?
Can I use reinforcement learning for the parameter tuning of arbitrary algorithms, such as a Kalman filter?
How do binary convolutional neural networks work?
How do I calculate the correlation of every row in a 2D array to a 1D array of the same length?
How is machine learning as a subject easy or hard?
What are some project ideas for undergraduates related to machine learning and IoT?
What types of problems are well-suited for machine learning? Which are not?
How can I implement better data collection practices in a small manufacturing company to implement Machine Learning or Data analysis?
What is the future of deep work?
Is online learning continuous transfer learning?
Which product based company in India hires a fresher for a machine learning engineer job​?
What is the difference between greedy layer-wise and back-propagation? According to the vanishing gradient issue, can we use back-propagation in deep networks?
When you integrate the likelihood with respect to the parameter in a Bayesian context, should it sum to one?
How can principal component analysis be explained in simple words?
Does Vanilla RNN cause only a gradient vanishing problem (not exploding)?
How relevant are the data mining techniques to detect an anomaly or fraudulent transactions in the era of deep learning?
Will the Machine Learning course of Ravindrababu Ravula be the online one or offline?
What books does Ravindra Babu Ravula Sir recommend before joining a machine learning online course, especially in mathematics?
What machine learning algorithms are most difficult to parallelize?
What skills are mostly preferred to join any Machine Learning team at Apple?
What problem does Residual Nets solve that batch normalization does not solve?
What is the importance of classifiers in machine learning?
Which professor gives projects in any field like Data Analytics/Finance/Machine Learning at IIT Kharagpur?
How can we implement the recall and precision of a recommender system?
What are the challenging research tracks in Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)?
Which should I choose between machine learning and computer security?
Should I go for a Ph.D. in Machine Learning, if I am targeting research level positions in the industry, though I work in the virtualization and cloud computing area?
Which startups in India are hiring natural language processing engineers?
What should be the best approach to solve for pattern recognition?
Can a startup use a machine learning/deep learning technology in a B2C platform (considering the availability of data)?
Which IDE for R do you prefer, RStudio or Microsoft Visual Studio, or do you use both? Why?
What is the state of the art text classification?
What is the better way to start with Machine Learning?
What are some real world problems which use machine learning?
What algorithms are particularly useful in machine learning?
How should I start to learn machine learning from scratch, from beginner to the advance level?
Why are companies like NVIDIA and Intel so interested in deep learning?
Is there any ongoing research that focuses on learning deep representations from small datasets?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
Which classification algorithm would you recommend for multiclass classification where the number of classes is large?
What is the difference between transfer learning and domain adaptation in deep learning?
Is there any way of doing text classification having 4 levels in the target variable?
Is IIIT Bangalore good to go to for an online certification course for machine learning?
How many weak classifiers does a cascade classifier need?
Can an AMD Radeon(TM) R5 M430 run TensorFlow on a GPU?
Will deep learning be able to surpass traditional data mining techniques to detect fraud or anomaly?
What is a research topic you suggest for a school project about applying artificial intelligence and machine learning in security?
Will getting a degree in CS help me to get into machine learning and AI?
What are issues within the philosophy of artificial intelligence?
Which is the best coaching for machine learning in NCR?
What's the abbreviation for orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis?
It seems everyone these days is learning about machine learning and data science. Isn't the job market going to be saturated in a few years?
In e-commerce, if you use a recommendation system, how do you calculate who would have bought that product regardless of the recommendation system?
Has anyone tried to implement Danko's theory of practopoiesis in a software algorithm? Could it be possible with the actual state-of-the-art technology?
Which are the best books for learning synthesis of complex mechanisms?
What are the benefits of machine code?
Can an AI learn to write grants?
I have been learning feed forward neural network and backpropagation for 3 months and still can't understand it, what should I do?
How we can use machine learning and data science to make meaningful impact on the agricultural field in India?
For which tasks, or across which dimensions, is the difference between human and machine intelligence greatest?
How can a combination of features be good for one classifier and bad for another classifier?
Can I use Deep Learning to segment specific regions in an invoice and then to apply an OCR method to recognize its content? Is it a good idea?
How do I deal with a lot (more than half) of missing value?
What is state of the art in text classification?
Do input variables for neural network have to be all real values?
Are the existing techniques for the automate grading of text based content able to grade technical based content?
Where can I find resources on machine translation?
Is it possible to build an ensemble of classifiers that performs good on any type of dataset?
How much data structures and algorithms knowledge is needed for working in machine learning?
Is AI learned in undergraduate computer science?
When does Ravindrababu Ravula's classroom coaching startsfor ML and IOT, and where is the class room located in Hyderabad?
What is the definition of precision in machine learning?
How does Google use Google Books to advance its NLP, and particularly NLU techniques?
Why does a neural network with more hidden units have a bigger capacity (space of representable functions)?
How should I prepare our data when we have many categorical values?
What makes it possible that the Bayesian approach gives us more information beyond just a point estimate?
Can machine learning learn a protocol and emulate it?
What is the relationship between clustering and classification in machine learning?
Which are the leading organisations/companies working in the field of CAD/Machine designing field?
Is there any best practice or technique for modeling databases/datasets for big data and/or machine learning?
How should I approach improving my algorithm, if my test set brings bad results?
Who can give the HSLDA (Hierarchically Supervised Latent Dirichlet Allocation) code?
How do I write a program in Standard ML?
Is exploratory data analysis not needed for deep learning?
Why is it not easy to add new words to co-ocucurance matrices but it is easy to add to word2vec?
Which option is better for a 3rd year computer engineering student, taking an internship even if it is not compulsory or starting a course on machine learning?
How do I get certified online in machine learning?
Are PhD programs in machine learning still worth it?
What are the current trends in gradient free optimization?
How can autoencoders be used for anomaly or fraud detection?
Should I join a machine learning sales role at Meltwater or a real estate sourcing role at WeWork?
Is there any research paper or articles on why CNN or any deep learning model works so well?
How do I know when Q-learning algorithm with ANN as function approximator converges?
Are there middle-point models between deterministic and generative models? If so, what are their advantages?
What can I do to start earning from freelancing in 3 months?
Why are Smith Machines so popular?
Should a machine learning engineer have a PhD? Can’t a normal student become a machine learning engineer?
How can I fine-tune a pre-trained deep convolutional neural network model to do image classification on my own dataset?
Is it worth it for neural nets to redo training on training and dev (after tuning) or to just keep the model obtained via tuning on dev to predict the test set?
How do I make a Haar cascade classifier?
What do I have to learn before pursuing a data science course?
Why are there so many fake data scientists and machine learning engineers?
Is a fully connected neural network equal to a feed-forward neural network?
Are there any companies in the UK that hire graduates for machine learning related positions?
Do you use GPU for Kaggle competitions?
How do I extract given celebrity sentiments from daily newspapers without reading the entire newspaper (like Hindu and DC)?
Is there any good, easy to use image classification software?
How much money is required to implement neural networks?
Is it possible that SVMs with kernel will revive in the future? (competing with Deep Learning)
Between Stanford NLP and spaCy, which one provides the best performance for tokenization, POS, lemmatization and NER? Is it worth it to use SyntaxNet only for POS?
What's the importance of learning limits; does it have an application in industry?
How should I learn machine learnng this summer and implement it in a project as minor or major?
How viable would it be to build a self-learning bot that could write grants?
Which one is a better choice for a business graduate to learn in terms of their career, data science or machine learning?
How do I train a new convolutional neural network on imagenet from scratch?
Is GloVe a deep learning model? Does it have anything to do with deep learning or neural nets?
What are some untapped applications for machine learning?
How is LSTM related to deep learning?
How is the machine learning course at VIT Vellore?
Why is temporal correlation used in near duplicate video retrieval?
What are the various data mining techniques for fraud detection?
What is feature extraction in a digital video?
Is there any solution to prevent the collapsing mode when using the Variational Autoencoders?
Are any startups hiring deep learning/machine learning candidates who don’t have experience in these fields but want to learn?
Is it possible to map multilayer perceptron and random forest results from WEKA using GIS?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
How can discrete optimization be used for machine learning? What are some applications in which it is used?
What kind of convolutional neural network architecture would you recommend for scenery classification?
How do I classify watermelons? I need 3 outputs (ripe, unripe and unidentified) for using in an artificial neural network.
Which are some good tutorials on understanding fraud detection using machine learning or data mining?
What career can I pursue with a PhD in Computer Engineering on Machine Learning?
Is there any impact force on machine tools of CNC machines?
Is machine learning going to take over computer science jobs?
How do I compute the overall accuracy, FAR, FRR of my Violation Detection Computer Vision Algorithm?
What is the best app for programmers doing machine learning?
How can I apply machine learning to the food and pharmaceutical industry, particularly in product development?
Why do some people use 3-way partition to data when they can do K-fold cross validation?
How does one extract an MFCC with MATLAB’s straight model?
What is the difference between calling a tf.Session after and before constructing a computational graph in TensorFlow?
What are fundamental building blocks of biological neural network?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
What does "Generative Model can generate unseen data" mean?
What would be some interesting and convincing projects for a portfolio, if I want to start a career in the area of text mining?
How do I choose the activation function in Q-learning with ANN?
Which one (Deterministic model vs. Generative model) is better in the AI future?
What performance metric should I choose for evaluating a classification model?
Should I prepare for college placements or practice machine learning and data analysis skills, it being the start of summer break before my 3rd year?
How can a machine learning engineer help a small restaurant owner improve their business?
What is the goal of classification?
What is the best neural network architecture for time series forecasting?
What are the applications of machine learning in optometry and vision sciences?
Why can I understand written Spanish but I can't speak or write it? What do you suggest for improvement?
How might deep learning and probabilistic programming be unified?
What can I research on in the field of artificial intelligence?
What is the Bentham and Hooker classification?
What are some interesting, but lesser known applications for neural networks?
What are the machines does a physicist's lab have?
Does the apparently low capital returns in the current era correlate to rise of AI?
In artificial intelligence, where can I learn more about machine vision systems?
Is it possible for someone who has no CS degree to learn machine learning and get a job?
What is time distributed dense layer in Keras?
How could I the find state of the art accuracy/performance on UCF101 dataset?
How do we generate and manage intermediate forms in natural language processing tasks?
What is the state of art of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) for computer vision?
What machine learning libraries are various companies using?
What is SVM? Can you explain the algorithm in detail and its application?
What is the UJI Pen character data set? I'm unable to understand its format.
Can the PAC Learning theory in ML deal with a covariate shift?
Why is there a decrease in the performance of pre-trained models?
Why is exponential family useful for machine learning?
How does the Windows R server run a machine learning algorithm?
What are some recommended MOOC courses for learning the fundamentals of distributed systems applied in Apache Spark or Hadoop type echo systems?
How can I detect anomalies, considering the influence of non-stationary noises?
I've noticed auto-complete produces different results depending on who's being texted, does this mean the results are generated or influenced by terms or phrases often used by the recipient?
Where can I get deep learning lectures by Dan Becker other than on Datacamp?
What accounts for the rapidly increasing popularity of machine learning?
What is the best way to run a 2-variate linear regression with ~20k data points?
How hard is it to learn MATLAB for artificial intelligence coding?
Why would a parameter ever be deemed to be a 'nuisance parameter'? Why would sigma be deemed a nuisance in the context of Gaussian distribution?
How can I train a neural network where each of the input features are a multi dimensional matrix?
What is the difference between confusion matrix and area under curve?
Is there any instructor-led classroom training in Pune for machine learning and data science for a complete beginner?
What is the correct way to calculate MSE in Q-learning with experience replay?
In machine learning, is the variance the same thing as the estimation error?
What is the actual significance of weights in neural network?
How can a sentiment analysis help in improving an organization's image as it only provides positive, negative, or neutral polarity?
How do I implement clustering with size controls and constraints?
What happens if I double the same data that was duplicated for classification in machine learning? What kind of impact does it have?
How do I go about identifying spirals in an image and outputting the locations of the pixels of the spirals?
How close does a chess algorithm get to the algorithms employed in machine learning?
Where do I find an instructor-led classroom training in Pune for machine learning and data science for a complete beginner?
Why is it so difficult for people to grasp the fact that there are different types of neural networks?
What are some good data mining projects for undergraduate students, that can be completed in two semesters?
How can we compare the decision trees from scikit-learn and from Spark ML? Which one will result in better accuracy and performance in the default settings?
Why is ReLU non-linear?
Why is the creation of data sets important for the evaluation of an IDS?
What is the best technology to learn for pursuing a career in Data Science and also Machine Learning?
Can I use clustering (data mining techniques) for fake account detection in social networks?
What is important in choosing clusters?
What's the fact behind machine learning?
What's a good simple but overlooked machine learning idea for LinkedIn?
Is bias and variance for real-valued targets? What is the difference between bias-variance tradeoff and confusion matrix?
I am 14 years old and am very interested in machine learning. Where should I start?
To succeed in data science, which coding languages should I learn and master?
Did you ever try a convolution neural network without pooling or size reduction? How did it perform?
Where can I find a company’s datasets that are suitable for textual classification?
What other techniques like t-SNE can reduce the dimensionality of deep neural networks so that they can be better visualised?
What is “machine learning” about?
How could clustering be combined with classification?
Can you improve or learn to drive using a race simulator?
What machine learning algorithm should I use when I have 5-6 independent categorical values and 1 dependent continuous variable?
Can I say that sentiment analysis is one of a data scientist's jobs?
What is the current state of local/global interpretability of ML models for business?
Is there any good Machine Learning summer schools in Europe this year (2017)?
What are the top 5 Computer Science or Information Systems Master’s programs focused on Machine Learning in the USA today? How may I get in touch with them?
How do I hide deep learning models and architecture for production?
Is learning new natural languages still worth it?
How do I calculate MSE in Q-learning with ANN?
Why is DrivenData not so popular, compared to Kaggle? I found DrivenData's problems quite interesting & challenging.
What is the difference between Hardware and application cluster?
What is the best way to understand the Receiver Operating Curve (ROC) in Machine Learning?
What is the correct replay memory algorithm in Q-learning with a neural network?
Is there a way to check if a multivariate dataset sample came from another population dataset?
Which neural network model is efficient using multimodal sentiment analysis? And which tool/library to use?
How does the performance of CNNs and CDBNs on image and 3D segmentation and classification compare?
What are some good project-based MOOCs for data science and machine learning?
What is machine learning about?
What GATE score is needed for doing an MTech in machine learning at the IIST?
How do I change my profile from application developer to NLP engineer?
What would be the final pressure of a system if a 175 ml sample of gas at 28°C and 98.9 kPa was cooled to 5°C and maintained a final volume of 125 ml?
What kind of model averaging is a dropout implementing when applied to multiple layers?
What is dimensional hopping in machine learning?
How much is Multivariable Calculus knowledge needed to efficiently do the work as a data scientist or a machine learning engineer?
Which algorithm is used in smart health prediction using data mining?
What is text extraction?
Why is TensorFlow so slow?
Can we, via artificial intelligence, train a machine to determine whether a sentence/situation/joke is funny or not?
How do I create a hierarchical representation of a set of objects using a neural network?
Can IBM's Watson fool the reCAPTCHA image identification check?
How different are Generalized Linear regression and M estimation?
What are some helpful guidelines to creating new features while I am doing data cleaning activity for prediction using machine learning algorithms?
What is meant by 'held-out likelihood' in statistics or machine learning?
For what kind of model do the minimum description length (MDL) and the Bayesian information criterion (BIC) give the same estimation?
In machine learning, is the bias the same thing as an approximation error?
Is studying Microprocessors and Interfacing in college really going to help me later when I want to continue in the field of ML/AI?
What is the most sought after problem/solution in signal processing now?
Have you ever been scared of what the future holds for you as you embark on a new career journey?
Which open-source framework can do multithreading gradient boosting decision trees?
Where can I learn about best practices for using GridSearchCV() to tune hyperparameters?
Can I get some reference papers about fake account detection using random forest algorithm?
Does an artificial neural network do anything that is fundamentally not equivalent to classification?
What happens if a dropout is applied to connections (weights) rather than the units?
Financial data are in flux like "cats that change their faces because computers recognize them on YouTube". Is there a solution to this problem?
If I already know programming, is it possible to become a machine learning engineer in just one year?
What are the methods to integrate sentiment analysis in an Android Application?
What is dataset in networking?
The general public is arguably unaware of machine learning’s potential. Is this the single worst threat to our civil liberties worldwide?
What is a good online tutorial to understand the mathematical basics of PCA, ICA, Tensorial PCA, and Tensorial ICA?
How can an artificial neural network calculate weather forecasting?
What is the basis to select an undergraduate college at UCSC if one’s interests are artificial intelligence and machine learning?
Will machine learning and AI make democracy obsolete?
How have you made money with machine learning?
What are the differences between forming and machining precesses?
In which subject in mathematics should I specialize if I would like to work in AI?
In what order should I learn - AI, ML, data science, deep learning, NLP?
How can I get started in humanoid robotics and artificial intelligence?
What is a good journal or publication for an unaffiliated researcher to publish his algorithms/methods in the area of statistical machine learning?
What is multi-modal learning in the context of machine learning?
What is energy function in Markov random fields? How are they related to conditional probability?
Is the Data School machine learning with text course worth it?
Why is it that if we are overparameterized, then there exists a data distribution under which the generalization error could be arbitrarily bad?
Which is better in Computer Science or Computer Engineering: University of Melbourne or Monash University?
What is the nature of the work being done at Societe Generale GSC Bangalore in the fields of machine learning and analytics?
How do I make Q-learning with ANN work for a simple board game?
Can I add GPU on my Mac for deep learning with Keras?
In Caffe, what are the differences between these commands?
How can I find SVM?
Given a body of HTML, what ML algorithm can I apply to classify different sections of the text? Recommend any good resources on this subject.
What is a layman's explanation of perplexity in machine learning?
Could a neural network use the Billboard 100 to create a song?
Can someone with no knowledge of data analysis or proper coding become a data scientist and also learn machine learning?
Can we use GridSearchCV() on CountVectorizer() when using scikit-learn models on text data, or can grid search only be run on the predictive models?
How does one show that the expected value of a mini-batch in SGD is equal to the true empirical gradient?
What is best way or tool to make multi-labeling for digits dataset?
Why do some professors say that they never really understood math or statistics until they first taught a course on that subject?
What are areas in investments that machine learning can be applied to?
Can deep learning algorithms ever properly be explainable in simple enough terms that their decisions can be scrutinised?
How do hedge funds use machine learning in their investment and trading activites?
How do you explain what a Bayesian solution is in a half-sentence?
What are the most common data normalization methods used in machine learning?
Are review papers in Machine Learning easier to publish than normal research papers?
What are some of the clever ways to fool neural networks?
Which is more useful to learn: thermodynamics or theory of computation?
How do I get into top industry AI/ML research groups without getting a PhD?
What are the most important Python skills to have for data analysis/machine learning?
How do people validate their neural network code?
What productivity tools do you use on your machines that most people don't?
What is the best online resource for Data Science and Machine learning for a complete beginner?
Do you find it odd that Maximum Likelihood estimation was popularly used like a heuristic before a proof that justified its usage in statistics?
Will image recognition and deep learning software make EDI obsolete?
In ecommerce, what is considered a strong percentage of revenue that is achieved by a recommendation system?
Should I go for a master’s in Management or a master’s in Machine Learning?
What are over-reinforced, under-reinforced, and balanced reinforced beams?
How is artificial intelligence used in RPA?
What is coincidence filtering?
How much linear algebra is necessary for machine learning if I want to be able to understand the machine learning algorithms perfectly?
How does the Bayesian Linear regression work with multiple features?
How do I classify 2 data sets and have 3 outputs (yes, no, and unidentified)?
How much does it cost to buy custom artificial intelligence-based data analytics software for IoT?
What's the difference between heteroscedasticity tests and normality of errors tests?
What do you think about blockchain technology and its future use?
Is there any implementation of deep learning or tensorflow based anomaly detection system?
Where can I find an open database to test my software code on query expansion in natural language processing?
How do you use a multi-armed bandit for a recommender system if the items in your catalog have different prices?
How can learning .NET help me with machine learning in the future?
How is reinforcement calculated?
Is there any kind of machine learning used at HubSpot? Additionally, what is the scope and average salary of a machine learning computer engineer?
How can machine learning help a mechanical engineer working in the IT field?
I have a known distribution dataset, and I want to create a fake sample around one data point with the same original distribution, how do I proceed?
How do I learn deep learning in depth?
What is the best way to build a decision tree on a website?
How can I get an Indian HS classification?
Will learning Vim be useful in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning?
How do I get the source code of LibSVM? Is SVM.cpp all that’s needed or is there something else?
What does "offline evaluation" mean in machine learning and recommendation systems?
Is Google looking to reintroduce rule-based paradigms into their natural language processing applications?
What are some examples of deterministic and non deterministic algorithm in statistics?
What do paralegals do that can be replaced by machine learning?
What are some interesting current areas of research in Deep Learning?
Is it feasible to build your own fMRI machine?
After an M.Sc. in Statistics, should studying Machine Learning be helpful? I don't want to pursue a PhD in Statistics right now.
How can I run multiple Weka Explorers (not command line)?
What is the best example for false negative, false positive, true negative and true positive in machine learning?
Have anyone registered for the Cognizance course at Coding Ninjas?
Do you think that deep learning will change?
What is the best machine learning paid site?
Which one is effective for learning machine learning implementation, MATLAB, Octave or Python?
Are neural networks with only conv (without any additional nonlinearity) and max-pooling layers as powerful as a ConvNet with ReLU and max-pooling?
How is cluster-level FWE correction implemented in SPM8?
When should I bootstrap features when using Bagged Classifiers?
Why is it that if SGD is visited at most once then one is minimizing the expected loss directly and not the empirical risk?
Which deep learning toolkit (CNTK, TensorFlow, MXNet, Keras, etc.) is the best for speech recognition tasks to train DNN, CNN and LSTM networks?
How can I get the predicted labels per example row after applying a 5-fold cross-validation in RapidMiner, e.g. for SVM?
What is prerequired for machine learning?
If given an option between machine learning and Internet of Things as an elective, which one is the best to choose, keeping in mind the scope and the future?
Do we need a test set, if we're not choosing between hyper-parameters in building machine learning models, especially deep neural networks?
What is the best approach to learn data science (simplest one)?
What is the distribution-free setting in Statistical Learning theory?
Would combining multiple predictions generated by different algorithms normally give you better predictions?
How does Rasa NLU work?
Is it required to get a master's or PhD to work in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence in companies like Google?
What's the diferrence between machine learning and deep learning?
Do I need to be a Data Analyst in order to get a job in the machine learning field?
How can I land a machine learning job at Google/Facebook AI Research?
How long is machine learning as a trend going to last?
Is there any MATLAB code available for neural network architecture optimization using genetic algorithm?
How do you apply conjugate gradient to neural networks?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
How do I combine two different loss functions, which are in different scales?
What does Ravindra Babu Ravula think about the Coursera machine learning course by Andrew Ng?
What are the best graduate schools for studying machine learning outside USA, Canada and UK?
How do I calculate the rate of human concordance ?
Which algorithm is used in machine learning for natural conversations?
Would an embedding layer in Keras map an unknown word (like a strange name) after training?
Can I buy a GPU for deep learning with a low budget of like $100?
Does Concordia University, Montreal have good faculty for graduate-level studies in Computer Science (especially for Machine Learning)?
How do SPP networks work, regardless of size?
What is the state of the art talking about time series forecasting with ML?
Do recommendation systems only operate on when you buy one item, or do they recommend based on your whole cart of 2 or more items?
What methods are there to fight the vanishing and exploding gradient problems?
What is the best way to get labels for my topics using LDA (Latent Dirchlet Allocation)?
How do we use LSTM to do label predictions in text classification?
In a neural network (unsure if it is keras specific) what is the difference between batch-size and batch-training? When would I need both?
When using LSTMs on a time series is there some way to artificially place a bias on more recent time steps to align more with the previous step?
What applications is Machine Learning applied to for banks and insurance Companies?
What are some good courses for learning machine learning using Scala?
Which master’s course is more related to machine learning in Germany?
How should I formulate a process for measuring efforts for credit compliance? Do you have any ideas as to how data points and benchmarks can be set out of the key outcomes?
Can Ravindrababu Ravula give me some details about the online classes for a machine learning course?
How do you get top companies to offer you an internship in machine learning with no working experience in the field?
What is an example as to what TensorFlow Squeeze does?
What is the difference between HOG, SIFT and CNN?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
In credit scoring, what are the advantages and disadvantages of machine learning relative to traditional regression techniques?
Is there any MATLAB code available for neural network weight optimization using genetic algorithm?
How can I start learning about neural networks and machine learning concepts and put them into real life use without knowing advanced mathematics?
How do deep neural networks for image classification respond to typical image variations such as illumination, focal length, etc.?
What is the biggest challenge in generative models?
What are some resources that I can learn algorithms for segmentation and object detection using deep learning from?
In 2017, what's the best open-source speech recognition library that uses the latest results from research, especially in deep learning?
Is phython mandatory for learning data science?
What are the advantages to a predictive model with features versus just using slices and dices of the data to identify positives and negatives?
How can deep learning be leveraged in the medical insurance industry?
How is machine learning relevant to me as an investor?
What should an AI researcher read to learn neuroscience?
Shall I train the neural networks on the same training set for a voting classifier?
In the parking lot, according to the CL-RRT algorithm and biased Gaussian sampling method, how do I set the parameters of the biased Gaussian sampling?
Does a variational autoencoder preserve properties? For example, if the input is Gaussian, will the output be Gaussian?
Should I learn AI/Machine Learning to get a better job?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
Is observing if the residuals behave randomly a good way to evaluate a machine learning model?
When can I get the data vector after using an RBF kernel?
What will you do when you train your model?
In which stage does Feature Selection happen in Machine Learning?
What data was used to train the NER model in spaCy?
Do you know all the business functions where Machine Learning is impacting the world?
Which are the companies working in IOT and machine learning in India?
What is the best application for machine learning that will not result in more unemployed people?
Can the human brain suffer from overfitting?
Where can I find good image sets for image recognition model training?
Is there a way to see the classification error of the word prediction task from gensim word2vec?
Why do some people always say that we can use much less statistics to estimate parameters with Bayesian Inference?
Is there any AI groups/organisation in India which beginners can join and contribute part time?
What is Generalized Reduced Gradient (GRG) nonlinear programming?
What bootcamps and courses are available on competitive programming, machine learning, interview preparation, or game development, etc. in India?
How do I append ndarrays of different shapes for clustering purpose?
Is Octave useful for production-level machine learning?
Will Udacity's nano degree in ,achine learning make me employable? Is there any company hiring from Udacity in machine learning?
Why did it take so long for Thompson Sampling to be proven as the optimal solution to the multi-armed bandit?
What happens to the brain neural networks/connections you had as a baby, child, adolescent? Do they just disappear with aging?
How dependable can upcoming AI be considered?
Why is a logistic regression model used for the prediction of landslide susceptibility?
How do I analyse machine downtime?
How many companies actually do use sentiment analysis?
Do our neural networks get "wired" in and then just mature over time and grow?
Which machine is the favorite one for carton making?
Why is your average person not conscientious as it concerns learning to better problem solve? What are the consequences of this for us as a species?
What is outlier analysis in data mining?
How should I choose a proper activation function for the neural network?
Are artificial neural networks a best fit for photo matching?
What are some good references for Robust Statistics?
Is the cross-entropy cost function viable for regression problems? Why or why not?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
What is a deep learning platform?
Which subject would be better for an engineering student to choose between artificial intelligence and nanotechnology master level?
What topics will be covered by Ravindra Babu Ravula in the Machine Learning course? And also who is the hero, he is waiting for to start this course?
What do I have to do to be a multi-talented person?
How do I convert the dataset<Row> into a JavaPairRDD?
What year do PhD students in computer science departments start their research?
Can artificial intelligence help Wikipedia objectively moderate, maintain, and manage information on the website?
Can Convolutional Neural Networks be used to explain the current world order?
What is the difference between residual nets and recurrent nets?
How can I best prepare for Machine Learning math in 4 months?
What jobs will AI probably not destroy?
Are there any recent research references on converting unstructured text to structured relationships?
Are support vector classifiers different from soft margin classifiers?
What will cost for Ravindra Babu's machine learning course?
What is the process for the biological validation of biclustering obtained from microarray data?
The Gaussian density function is said to represent many concrete real life processes, can anyone list them to me?
Is it possible to model feelings using deep learning?
How can I test a trained neural network with a target data?
What is the significance of the ‘F value’ in linear regression?
Does the brain have algorithms?
Is it better to use rule-based or machine-learning algorithms for classification in a closed question answering domain?
What are the exact steps to reproduce YOLO v2 in TensorFlow as I cannot fully understand the anchor box and the last layer?
What if the output can not converge with DDPG in deep reinforcement learning?
What does Ravindra Babu Ravula suggest for a final year B.Tech student, to take GATE or to learn machine learning from you?
Do tech companies that use AI develop their own AI from scratch?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
What function do you use, if you have an input and output?
What do you mean by dynamics of machine?
Can I make a neural network for image recognition all by myself?
Is Nokia Bell Labs a good place for machine learning research?
Could you train a CNN to effectively play Gomoku?
How do I get a mining machine if I want to mine BTC in Gujarat?
Among all existing deep-learning frameworks, which one has the lowest level of encapsulation and is the most flexible for developing a new modelling framework?
Where can I find some tutorials on neural networks?
What is the latest algorithm or approach for sentiment analyzer or opinion mining?
Does Google Neural Machine Translation constantly improve itself?
How is Bayesian optimization used in practice?
What is the best way and best steps to learn machine learning (software and hardware)?
What should I major/minor in for Machine Learning?
What's a good reliable (and not too expensive) 64-bit Intel Linux-based laptop with Nvida GPUs in it? I plan to use it for Machine Learning.
Do you think that creating complete human level artificial intelligence is ever possible? If not, to what extent is it actually possible?
What can jewelry business learn from different industries?
How feasible is the machine learning application in healthcare?
What are some good video lectures about machine learning and deep learning?
What are projects that are possible for students to do as their graduation project in machine learning or a deep learning field?
Can the Bouveault-Blanc reduction be used for reduction of unsaturated compounds?
Is deep learning's success fake news?
How do I replace JavaRDD, JavaPairRDD and DataFrames using DataSet?
How efficient is an artificial neural network in the development and prediction of performance of a pharmaceutical formulation?
How many times do you apply prediction models for user transactions everyday?
Which foreign universities provide courses for machine learning?
Can I use machine learning for parsing emails?
What are the most important hyperparameters for XGBoost, and in which direction do I tune them from the default?
What is step size? How do I calculate step size in PCM?
Where can I host my new image dataset, around 1.2 GB?
What is the most commonly used speech recognition toolkits?
How can I combine private equity with my interests in machine learning?
Is there any TensorFlow implementation of Google's Smart Reply: Automated Response Suggestion paper?
How can artificial epigenetics be useful for artificial intelligence?
I just got into grad school, and I want to work in the ML, AI and data mining field. I have a summer before school starts. Where should I begin?
Is 'predictive checks' in Bayesian methods basically heuristics to double-check that the model makes good sense?
How can I get embroidery designs from the computer to my Elna EMB81 machine?
How do I apply machine learning in route planning?
What is the main difference between 2D ConvNets and 3D ConvNets?
Why is Google a learning orginization?
How do I find next number from the list of previous numbers using deep learning?
How can you visualize the outputs convolution or pooling layers in TensorFlow?
Is logistic regression only for binary classification?
What are the best machine learning libraries?
Is there a way to word-align sentence pairs at run time, when the larger parallel corpus has already been pre-processed?
Which machine-learning companies have offices in Bangalore, India?
Why do people do text classification for text mining?
Is plotting machine learning plots on Python hard for everyone?
What does "How many experiment can you run in terms of Machine Learning" mean?
How can industrial engineers be part of the next industrial revolution, i.e artificial intelligence?
What is natural language understanding?
What are best machine learning sources?
Given that early stopping is mostly equivalent to L2, does it make sense to combine both regularization techniques?
What is lasso regression and ridge regression in less technical words?
Do you know any online tool for rendering and playing with Gaussian Processes?
How efficient is an artificial neural network for the development and prediction of pharmaceutical formulations?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
How would Steve Jobs handle machine learning?
How is online training used in an artificial neural network?
What does it mean when the coefficients of a multiple linear regression decreases?
How did the University of Toronto become forefront in machine learning? Was it a conscious effort on the part of the university’s investment in the field?
What are some state of the art XML querying techniques?
What is the intuitive explanation of Apple technology?
What is the most commonly used speech recognition product?
Which outputs of "Multinomial Logit Model" are important than others? Journal reviewers and professionals are looking for which outputs of this model?
How is the reputation of Aalto University Machine Learning - faculty and research - among academicians in countries other than Finland?
Why should I learn techniques of deep learning?
What is the learning curve of Apache spark?
Which one is a better choice? Working in a product company or pursuing a PhD in Machine Intelligence?
Is UCLA a good place for someone who wants to pursue CS (especially machine learning) rigorously?
Is there any field of science where big data and machine learning is not applicable for any reason?
How do I specify if I want to run a Caret package function for classification or regression?
What are the typical steps involved to solve a problem with machine learning?
Why must we do normalization before using distance-based machine learning models such as SVM, KNN, etc?
How does bullet classification work?
What are some examples of free artificial Intelligence based solutions?
What is the difference between SVM and KSVM (support vector machine)?
When should we use local regression?
What are some simple yet useful algorithms for Java?
Any good tutorial for digits (Nvidia) for classification?
Can machines understand the meaning of words?
What is a Caret package in R programming and what is its use?
Is there a middle ground for Computer Networking and Machine Learning?
What are relevant papers for autograding text based content, using natural language processing techniques?
What should I learn, if I want to implement DeepMind's Go algorithm?
Is it a waste of time to learn machine learning library such as TensorFlow instead of implement the algorithms from scratch?
Do you have any good statistical learning based textbook on introducing random forest?
Do people who work in the field of AI research and development worry about the Roko's Basilisk theory?
How do I make an artificial intelligence, like Apple's Siri?
Can one apply for a PhD in machine learning without CompSci background and skills? Can it be learnt on the job?
What do you hope the WikiTribune's team will have learned a year in?
What types of machine learning algorithm is used at New York Times?
I am wondering if Bayesian optimization can be used in a fixed time, which is not a day long?
Does a machine learning internship play any role in getting a placement?
Is artificial intelligence mechanically achievable?
Is Artificial Intelligence being used in Chartered Accountancy?
When is deep learning used in scientific research, in the physics and maths fields?
Can I plan for machine learning course of Ravindra Babu sir without any prior knowledge of basic data structure and algorithms?
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?
Is there a way to classify music genres using MATLAB [code]?
Should I drop out from machine learning PhD program?
How can I apply for an internship in Think and Learn?
Does the “tap 2 find” feature in Toontrack EZDrummer use Machine Learning to find similar MIDI files?
Do you believe in learning 'disorders' or learning 'differences'?
Why is the output all the same with batch normalization in my neural network?
How can I map the raw data images to the object detection images in a KITTI data set?
What will the natural progression of machine learning look like? What industries will it have the most applications?
What would artificial intelligence perceive as beautiful?
What performance impact does installing a virtual machine have on a Win10 host machine? If so, does performance return 100% when the VM is shut down?
How important is a good professor for Calc 1?
Which branch of deep learning would be more appropriate to study computer vision or natural language processing considering the job opportunities?
How can I convince middle management to embrace external machine learning trends and to invest in the skills of their employees?
Can you suggest the disadvantages of AI?
When will the first AI-generated and constantly learning individual TV guide be available?
What are some plausible business reasons for Google Fiber besides “faster Internet -> more ad $ for $GOOG” & posing a threat to ISPs?
What are some of the best ways to learn R?
How can I make better understanding of activation functions in Machine learning specially the math behind them?
When will the first AI-generated personalised and constantly adapting cookbook app be available?
What amount is needed for mechanical engineering colleges?
How can I get the Yelp Filter Review dataset that contains both recommended and filtered reviews? There is no public link for downloading the dataset.
How do you structure your machine learning projects?
Could I do clustering to “features” rather than samples?
Is the machine learning all about neural networks?
Can I just double the same data for a classification task in terms of data augmentation?
How does additive smoothing (pseudo counts) play a role in the context of Naive Bayes classifiers?
What are three tests that are necessary to determine the parameters of a synchronous machine?
What are the pros and cons of learning ExpressJS?
How will artificial intelligence impact your current job?
Is there any mind map of speech recognition?
Why do LSTMs in Keras require a matching batch size for fitting and predicting?
What do you think about the demand of artificial Intelligence?
How can I cluster trees by their distance?
Can the covariance matrix for the Gaussian process be made to vary with time?
How does images being filtered with different image filters affect the training of deep neural networks?
Can I make my own artificial intelligence?
Is Wasserstein GAN slower to train as compared to VAE?
Could speech recognition replace stenography?
What is natural language processing?
How is Google's progress on including image recognition in its primary search engine?
How do I build a machine learning system for automatic code review?
What are the state of the art methods for density estimation of high dimensional discrete data?
Why do self driving cars need object tracking when object detection is enough?
How do I find all the fundamental cut-sets in a graph by using ring sum method?
How long will the deep learning fad last?
Do you know what the future of neural networking will bring like I have done with my research?
Why does a neural network model yield a lower test accuracy ,as the NN architecture I use is deeper?
What do you think about artificial intelligence and is it worth developing?
What is covariance? What is its significance?
What is batch normalization?
What does "Bagging reduces the variance while retaining the bias" mean?
How does cluster analysis work?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
Is there a website to learn how to post process an image of a butterfly?
Is there any available research article in machine learning with implementation (code in Weka)?
What if the morality in the Bible is nothing but training patterns for our deep neural networks?
Which clustering algorithm considered fast for high dimensional attributes like DNA microarray?
What is the best online course for machine learning for a complete beginner in this field?
How do I develop a smart app that will generate natural language text to a SQL query?
Should we expect the first AI to defy us and rebel against it just being our tool?
What is the best and fastest way to make multi-labeling for data set?
Why doesn’t the gradient descent need more data than the pseudo-inverse to find the values for the model parameters?
Which database is good for a recommender system?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
Can you use R-squared to evaluate forecasted data correlation?
What is the best way to learn about computational neuroscience?
How do I combine a web application with data analysis/clustering?
How can I get a machine learning job in 9 months?
What is the solution domain for recommendation system project regarding security?
How is machine learning technique enhanced and improved while no one knows exactly how it works?
What is parametric estimating, bottom-up estimating, and three-point estimating in PMP?
How do I justify the performance of a customized Deep Learning (CNN) Model?
Is any machine learning course really going to help?
Where can I find a list of all the clustering algorithms?
For a small AI startup, would it make more sense to build a tiny compute cluster or to use a cloud platform?
Can you suggest some summer schools on Gaussian Process Models?
How is Impala in the bracket of traditional MPP, and why is it mentioned that it is good for small data sets than Hive?
What is difference between tree data structure and decision tree?
How can I measure uncertainty or give confidence interval measures along with an existing neural network model?
Why are linearly separable problems of interest of neural network researchers?
Does IBM Watson fire employees?
How Can I get into stream of ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE?
Where can I learn engine dyno tuning in India?
Is Bayesian optimization for continuous values?
Is there a "non-handwavy" explanation for how batch normalization works?
Where can I find good problem statements on 3D geometry processing, machine learning and deep learning that can be taken at a PhD level?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
In Python, are there any frameworks for deep learning that work on Windows and allow dealing with input data of different length without padding?
What should I focus on more in machine learning speed (decision tree, linear regression) or accuracy (random forest, neural network, etc)?
How can I calculate the vector of the sentence?
What is the key difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? Why is it easier to do supervised learning (I need mathematical proof)?
What are some recommended books for machine learning beginners?
How do I get better at Deep Learning?
What is the price list of HMT Machine Tools canteens for employees and apprentice personnel?
What foreign languages should a data scientist learn?
Do random forest tend to overfit as the learning rate is increased?
Are character sets machine-dependent or language-dependent?
CS Careers: Can you tell me what you do, why you enjoy it, what specific skills are needed, who should pick this path and who should stay away?
What are the disadvantages of a decision tree?
How can I generalize a name for "Auto-grading essay" using Natural Language Processing? Can I say "semantic similarity" using NLP?
How can I compute the p values for the accuracy of two classifiers using k-fold cross-validation?
What are some branches of statistics that I can learn after AP Statistics?
How are machine learning and deep learning related?
How do we determine model estimation?
Why does Apple not equip their machines with better video card options?
Does the entire corpus need to be stored in memory each time you run through a step in LDA topic modeling algorithm?
Which data mining algorithm should be used to predict energy consumption for the next year?
In machine learning, is it assumed that the given data has no sampling bias, or do they just not care because they cannot change it anyhow?
Does Google fund a lot of academic research, especially in machine learning?
At what point does artificial intelligence become a problem? Or perhaps will it be problem free?
Which deep learning net should I use for generating a high level feature map?
Where can I find good problem statements on 3D geometry processing, machine learning, and deep learning to undertake a Ph.D. project?
What are the benefits of using Linear regression over other regression algorithms such as LASSO?
Can​ a totally beginner at programming, start off with machine learning?
Can a self-referential artificial intelligence ever be created and if it can, will the said machine be self-conscious?
In biostatistics, if all the variables in the model are non-significant, then in the backward selection, should we remove them all?
What are the names of some renowned professors who are conducting research in deep learning with an emphasis on DSP and adaptive filtering as an application area?
How is Professor Deepak Khemani's NPTEL course on Artificial Intelligence?
How do I join Google as a machine learner?
Which brand of fat analysis weighing machines is the most accurate and is good?
Why does over-sampling have a change that results in an over-fitting?
What's an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?
Why is the multi-armed bandit a one-state MDP?
What is machine learning with a TensorFlow course?
Would a chess engine using a neural network similar to AlphaGo (Google Deep Mind) be an improvement over the existing brute force calculation method?
How do you use mini-batches in LSTMs for time series prediction, if you only have a single, long time series?
What is the next generation operating model esp. in the digital world?
Is it possible to have a higher F-measure value than the accuracy for a highly imbalanced dataset?
How do I use artificial intelligence to pay online?
What kind of tasks can a quantum computer speed up? Why can’t it speed up other tasks?
How good should I be to enroll in a Machine Learning Master's degree?
What are some introductory projects that can be undertaken in the arena of machine learning and cyber security?
For a classification problem (two classes), is it better to use two outputs with softmax or one output with binary cross-entropy?
What volume of data is necessary to use collaborative filtering?
What library does deep learning expert use to manually construct novel neural network structures or come up with new neural network techniques?
Do convolutional neural networks work the same way as the networks in our brain?
How does Quora perform text classifications?
What is a new trend in linguistics studies?
Should I do a PhD in Machine Learning in an unknown school where the lab is great?
Is AI/ML research a threat to mechanical engineering in the future?
What is the best source for learning machine learning free?
How do you deal with missing values when scoring a model? Can I use multiple imputation when building the model?
Who is leading in machine learning research between CMU and Google?
What kinds of recommendation systems are based on users' actions, i.e. users who watched movies X and Y also watched movie Z?
Can I have some descriptions about what data scientists and machine learning engineers do usually on daily bases?
What are the current problems of subjectivity classification in Twitter sentiment analysis?
Can someone learn to be innovative?
How do one begin a career in artificial intelligence?
Do the leaders in machine learning like Michael Jordan and Andrew Ng implement frameworks by themselves?
Can we view clustering as a form of dimension reduction?
What is the connection between topological data analysis and machine learning?
From where does IBM Watson obtain its knowledge?
Is there anyone who really, 100% surely likes R:Syntax, especially C coders?
Is there an SMDP toolbox in MATLAB?
How difficult is it to learn machine learning and deep learning after age 30?
What are some good books/resources for studying linear algebra and other mathematical topics that are used in Machine Learning?
What is the difference between linear transformation and linear functional?
Is stacking always better than voting based methods for expert learning settings?
What is a good resource to get an introduction to collaborative filtering?
In reinforcement learning, what is the difference between a state value function V(s) and a state-action value function Q(s,a)?
Can you explain in detail how I can apply a hyper-heuristic using reinforcement learning in the traveling salesman problem or any NP-hard problem?
Does functional analysis provide a generalized version of the complex singular value decomposition of a complex matrix?
Is there any internship for artificial intelligence Mumbai?
What is the best way to practice machine learning and deep learning without a powerful computer?
What model platform ideas can one sell using sponsored data input?
Is there a way we can use virtual reality technology to visualize how a deep neural network learns?
What is the meaning of cluster based approach?
What are the advantages of logistic regression?
Can I learn machine learning if I have no computer science or programming experience?
What are the advantages of sentiment analysis in education?
What implications does Google's experiment with AI inhuman encryption have in terms of AI potential 'black-boxedness'?
How is machine learning used in data science?
How do you visualize deep learning weights generated by training images?
When do you use an ML model's error function vs. the accuracy/confusion matrix?
What role does intuition play in mathematics and can A.I. ever fully replace a mathematician?
Is multi agent system a prerequisite of Q learning?
Why SVM can not handle incremental feature learning, once new instances appear joined with new features?
Is the deep neural network artificial intuition rather than intelligence?
If AI learns bias, can't we just leave those variables out of the model?
How does dual form linear regression solve the under-constraint problem when the dimension is larger than the amount of data?
If machine learning is hot right now, what do you think will follow?
What are a few good books on machine learning and deep learning?
How should I decide the discount factor in reinforcement learning?
How do I create a new dataset from a Google image search to fine-tune a pre-trained model for ImageNet classification?
How can a support vector machine classifier be used for disease prediction in Java?
At this moment, how hard is the competition for getting a job in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence in the Bay Area with a PhD?
How do I get the label of the topic modeling LDA output?
Who are the best professors in US who offer research projects to undergrad students from Indian universities in machine learning?
Neil Lawrence: What are deep Gaussian Processes? How are they different from regular Gaussian Processes?
How do I calculate correlation on string and time series data sets?
How does SNA (Social Network Analysis) used to combat fraud or fraudulent transaction?
How many CC units are in an ML?
What metrics should I use to evaluate a generative model quantitatively, and how reliable are they?
What skills do freshers need to get into machine learning or an NLP job?
How do I justify the performance of deep learning models?
Why do we use Jupyter Notebook although we have Python shell and IDLE (default)?
What are the NLP, ML and AI libraries that are used by Quora to process the text content?
What does "distribution of inputs" for a Neural Network layer mean?
Why is SVM used for a binary classification?
What do I need to do for a chat bot, with machine learning?
Which tech companies are the biggest consumers of entity resolution?
How can I learn mathematics required for machine learning in practical and applied ways if I know some high school mathematics?
Would you consider deep learning as a major step towards achieving general intelligence?
What are the pros and cons of an MS ECE program with a track in Computer Vision, Machine Learning and Algorithm in Northeastern University (Boston)?
Regardless of the related expenses, what is the best way to evaluate the quality of a feature set (so as not to select the smallest number of features)?
What is the recommended book on "neural plasticity" for computer scientists, programmers or deep learning practitioners?
Do you know any reasonable machine learning theory overview (<30 pages), formulas, concepts etc.?
What do you envision the main issue in big data, data science, machine learing, deep learning, or data mining being in the next year?
What is an optimal approach for cascade learning?
What are the datasets available for question answering system?
Which of these two models is unbiased - simple linear regression or LASSO regression?
How are semiotics and cognition related?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of different supervised text classification algorithms?
Are there any examples of machine learning applications used to improve athletes performances in sports?
How can I generate a high level feature map from images using CNN?
What is an efficient and systematic way to learn machine learning theory?
Where is a slag removing machine used?
What is the best way to train a CNN on Google Cloud with TensorFlow?
Is it possible to get a job as a Machine Learning engineer straight after BSc in Math in India?
What is organising learning?
What’s the preprocess of sentiment analysis?
How good are Chromebooks for learning deep learning?
Where can I find a labeled data set for sentiment analysis in Spanish?
Did Ditty App use Tensorflow to train their data?
Are there similar programs to the Facebook University for Analytics for undergraduates who are interested in data mining and machine learning?
In which type of industry is a slag removing machine used?
Is artificial Intelligence going to be the new dictator of the 21st century?
How do you do machine learning in Swift?
What are the mathematics to learn for future machine learning, category, and chaos theory?
How does an attention mechanism work in deep learning for natural language processing?
How do I create a new machine learning algorithm?
HR posed a question without any data -"We want to build a recommender system for our product. Explain how you would go about it." How do I respond?
What type of machines are used for making unani medicine?
How do you prove the Return On investment for a predictive model?
How can I compute cosine similarity between short document and topics estimated from LDA?
How can I implement HOG for SVM using Java?
Why is drop connect not used as often as dropout in deep learning?
How do I train a classifier with images using scikit-learn in Python 3.5?
Why does the output of my neural network increase nearly monotonous?
What common frustrations do data scientists have with visual datasets?
Have you ever come across an ensemble of convolution and recurrent neural networks?
How do I understand Top-N accuracy in machine learning in a simple way?
How can I use Keras' Xception pre-trained model for feature extraction?
What field should I choose in order to study artificial intelligence?
How do I know how much memory my models use in Python?
What are some limitations of a Bayesian approach?
Can I use machines used in restaurants for an apparel store?
What is the future of machine learning at IIT Hyderabad?
Does time variable show recurrent connection in RNN?
What are some statistics lectures to learn machine learning for a developer?
What is the determination of machining parameters in CAPP?
In supervised machine learning problems, will the ratio of positive/negative examples impact the AUC (area under the curve)?
As an industrial engineering student interested in a data science MSc, what programming language should I start learning?
Will some form of sleeping be essential in AI (artificial intelligence)?
Will Google's DeepMind AlphaGo win against Ke Jie in May 2017?
Why does matrix factorization get better results when it's implemented in Python?
Does Inshorts use machine learning or natural language processing?
Can random forests be used for explanatory analysis?
What are the assumptions behind the Bayesian Imputation?
What class of predictors can Wiener, LMS, and RLS be classified within?
How do I decide between data science (mining, analytics, and analysis) and machine learning?
How do I apply “Region of Interest” cropping for bounding boxes to a feature map generated through CNN?
What are some university options to pursue a career in artificial Intelligence?
What methods are there for missing values and outlier detection in ski-learn?
How do I perform DAGSVM in R?
Can an artificial intelligence program learn by itself and build a new program or not?
Do you believe in results produced by metabolic control analysis (mathematical modeling using kinetic parameters)?
What state of the art techniques are used in natural language processing/semantic analysis of social media text?
Are lenders using AI algorithms to make decisions on credit and loan applications?
How do I make a real time representation of Machine Learning algorithms?
Can I implement deep learning to classify MRI images using MATLAB?
Can one set up deep learning implementations (like TensorFlow) remotely via SSH into Amazon/Google Cloud?
Can I use clustering (k-means, etc) on a large set of data to automate the process of finding similarities and make recommendations?
What is Anaconda?
Is there an equivalent of Stack Overflow for economists?
What is the most general model of RNN?
What is the state of the art of multi-criteria recommender system as for 2017?
How does Caffe 2 compare to TensorFlow?
How to make a Lexicon dictionary based Twitter sentiment analysis program in Python?
What are some possible altruistic applications of Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, and Artificial Intelligence, as a whole?
Why does TensorFlow use non standard terms for Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
What is the difference between Kaggle Kernels and Jupyter/iPython notebook?
What is future of mechanical engineering in the world of AI and machine learning?
Are discriminative models always preferable over generative ones if I only care about accuracy?
Is any of the major content platforms using neural networks for recommendation?
Should I still watch out for multicollinearity when training NNs or other non-linear models?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
Where can I find online courses for spark machine learning using Java?
How do we wisely choose the epoch value for the training of a deep learning model (especially for LSTM)?
Considering that most deep learning models use heuristics to select the best one, how do you design a model?
When tuning a neural network, how long do you typically wait while training before changing the hyperparameters and trying another configuration?
How can someone go about moving to machine learning while leveraging their existing C++ skillset?
How can we apply unsupervised learning in Python with defined constraints, in order to figure out the most profitable trading strategy?
In machine learning, why is a maximization problem converted to a minimization problem?
How do I learn some machine learning and deep learning in a week to impress my boss and colleagues?
Can I contribute to the field of machine learning from a computational biology background?
What is the best cloud computing platform for learning deep learning?
Is it possible to apply object localization without having box regions in the ground truth?
Do we have an equivalent for Boilerpipe for web data extraction?
How does Federated Learning work?
Can I use IBM’s Watson voice recognition for my project?
What are classifiers?
What machine learning algorithms are the most dangerous in terms of losing control over machine reasoning and discovery strategies?
How does Quora generate content quality to reach more views?
Can machine learning help us discover new planets?
What are examples of machine learning used in mobile sports apps?
Has federated learning been successful?
What are some good Python packages for sequence mining?
How can I daily update my neural networks parameters with newest data?
There are 40 attributes in a vector, and there are 50 or more such vectors. How do you find the similarity between these 50 or more vectors?
How are machine learning algorithms different from traditional analytics algorithms?
Why are only convolutional neural networks used for images, rather than other deep learning techniques?
How relevant is the concept pattern recognition in programming?
What is the difference between regression evaluation metrics and k-fold cross validation?
How can I prepare myself for a job interview at the Toshiba R&D Center in India for a machine learning profile?
What are hot topics for a Master thesis related to deep learning or big data?
Does any other clustering algorithm take correlation as a distance metric?
Without considering the cost of the validation set, do I need a lot of data to reduce the train cost in the Deep Neural Network?
How do I determine if an estimator suffers from high variance?
What is the state of the art in algorithms or deep learning techniques to fix distorted audio?
What are best sources to learn applying PCA (Principal Component Analysis) and CA (Correspondence Analysis) step by step, using R or Python?
What are some good open source projects to work on, that are related to machine learning?
How can I optimize MATLAB's ANFIS using the conjugate gradient descent method?
Do I care about multicollinearity or interaction when my goal is prediction?
Can I learn image processing and artificial intelligence within 6 months?
Is there any deep learning model for question answer retrieval?
Is it possible to create our own machine learning algorithm?
Is there a specific type of data that self-learning AI uses? If so, what is it?
Do you think artificial intelligence is a good trading tool? Would you try it?
Should I have continued BA in software engineering?
What are the semantic models except word2vec and what are their benefits?
How does the training time for a convolutional neural network scale with input image size?
Is it better to learn AI over ML, in case ML becomes obsolete?
Do human brain neural networks serve multi purposes, i.e. used for multiple, different tasks?
Is there any deep learning implementation of retrieval based question answering?
How would you start business optimization using data analytics and machine learning?
What is the difference between validation and cross-validation?
What are the hot topics in Machine Learning Research in 2017?
Is C++ better for performance with a scientific web app (backend)?
What is the current state of using machine learning in production optimization?
Is it useful to use an error model in machine learning?
How does one deal with categorical features in a Gaussian mixture model/clustering model?
How does Saleswhale know what to reply to leads?
Is eye movement that is associated with thought processes (Such as in the subject of NLP) considered "nature" or "nurture"?
What is the body of knowledge for data science?
How do we decide the tree depth in a Random Forest algorithm?
Do I need software development skills if I want to be an ML engineer?
Should I be a data engineer or a software engineer, if I'm interested in machine learning down the road?
Is it difficult to learn neural networks?
What is non-parametric data?
What is the difference between TensorFlow and MATLAB when developing DL programs?
What is the difference between true regression line and the estimated regression line?
What are good references for learning matrix low-rank factorization?
What are necessary steps to be followed while solving problems using time series models?
Does it really affect if we model a feature in Boolean vs numeric (1 for true and 0 for false) while using scikit-learn ML algorithms?
Given logistic regression, what does it mean to calculate its p-value? And why is it useful?
What is an automated causal search?
Could I use pre-defined filter weight for convolutional neural networks?
Are machine learning use cases largely similar within a given industry such that the value only comes down to having proprietary or privileged data?
Is Ravindrababu planning to create videos on machine learning?
How should machine government be introduced?
What is the symbolic learning theory?
How do I use Machine learning in a typical production support environment?
Which book to reffer to start learning machine learning?
Is University of San Francisco good for studying Data Science and Machine Learning?
Which book is best for practicing machine learning problems with case studies?
What should I charge for machine learning consulting work?
How do performance for deep neural networks evaluation differs with batch size?
Can I learn about artificial intelligence from IT professionals?
What is the difference between Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence?
What is the difference between regression and robust regression?
What do machine learning algorithms look like for simple tasks?
What is a good topic for a master’s thesis in software engineering related to natural language processing and machine learning?
What is the best clustering method for deep features, and what is the best layer to get this deep feature? What about Conv 5 from VGG16 net?
Is a one-layer neural network still useful for complex applications?
Would it be insane to do a masters degree in computer science, and another in machine learning rather than just the latter?
Is it possible to build self learning AI?
Is it problematic to use machine learning to model the genomic data of huge populations?
What insights can be drawn from the Quora Question Pairs dataset on Kaggle?
What is meant by calculating the moving average of parameters in machine learning?
Is it possible to predict the verification codes for sites like Facebook and Gmail using Machine Learning?
What software is available for information retrieval?
Is it possible to build a machine-learning algorithm that can learn to do the job of a Wikipedia Parsoid (that is, translate Wiki markup into HTML)?
I need to learn Python from scratch for machine learning. Which Python version should I learn?
Can learning be a hobby or not?
Is there any other machine that will perform the same operations as that of a Hand Press Machine?
What is the fastest way to learn TensorFlow and use it in building large-scale image processing and natural language processing applications?
What is the best way to find recurring patterns in multiple images?
Can Convolutional neural networks de-blur an image?
What are the key points while developing teams for commercial development of deep learning and computer vision applications?
What techniques can be used to deal with false positives?
Which are the common filters used in CNN learning algorithm?
With Google, etc., offering machine learning tools through their clouds, is it wise to start a consulting company that offers ML based services?
Is there a term for a machine that cannot be driven backwards?
How can I make a real time classification with CNN?
Are MAINGEAR (Razor) desktops good for Deep Learning work?
How do plumber and OpenCPU compare when it comes to deploying ML models?
Is there a good open source or web based tool for look-alike modeling?
How much math and stats do I need for learning data science?
How much data do I need to train a chatbot?
Is a unified approach to (stochastic) optimization over time catching on?
Is there a flavor of Enterprise Architecture framework focused on Data Science or Machine Learning?
If you perform all possible subset regressions on a regression with 9 explanatory variables, how many regressions would you perform?
How amazing is a convolutional neural network?
Do you believe in digital colonization?
What is the simplest example of training a neural network with TensorFlow?
When (which year) does IIIT Hyderabad introduce CSE students to AI and ML?
What is it like to do a Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Data Mining and Big Data in Bangalore?
What are some challenges in developing Text To Speech technology that is indistinguishable from human voice?
There are 40 attributes in a vector, and there are 50 or more such vectors. How do you find the similarity between these 50 or more vectors?
How can machine learning be applied to accounting?
Is it possible to train/test a neural network model (if the dataset stored 'offline' on a local machine) on 'Amazon web services' or 'Google cloud'?
Why are only convolutional neural networks used for images, rather than other deep learning techniques?
How do I choose the number of hidden layers for a recurrent neural network?
Is it possible to use the GloVe model (stanford NLP) for other categorizations like active/passive and happy/sad, or is it just for positivity/negativity?
How relevant is the concept pattern recognition in programming?
Is the cache blocking optimization technique used in practice? What are some examples?
Does any other clustering algorithm take correlation as a distance metric?
How do I run naive Bayes classification algorithm without class label?
Without considering the cost of the validation set, do I need a lot of data to reduce the train cost in the Deep Neural Network?
What is the state of the art in algorithms or deep learning techniques to fix distorted audio?
What is the state of art in scanned document text detection, Optical Character recognition (OCR) pipeline from a computer vision perspective ?
What does a neural network attached to a dialog system look like?
I have an MD and I got accepted in a MSc. in Bioinformatics. Can anyone tell me more about Bioinformatics in terms of academic prospects and topics?
How is machine learning being used in game development today? What applications might we see over the next 10 years?
Is there any deep learning model for question answer retrieval?
How tough is maths in the field of machine learning?
When working on CSV files, which one is the best practice, imputing missing values on pandas DataFrame, or NumPy array?
Is there a specific type of data that self-learning AI uses? If so, what is it?
Should we always use neural networks with regularization?
What would be a salary comparison between an Artificial Intelligence software engineer, a Machine Learning software engineer, and a software architect?
Should I have continued BA in software engineering?
How do I create a final year project on Machine learning?
In what ways can Machine Learning be used in a typical production server support environment?
How can I convert collected handwritten images of size 32x32 into a dataset with the extension SCV or PKL?
What are the semantic models except word2vec and what are their benefits?
What are quantum probabilistic graphical models?
What algorithm can detect whether a sentence is suitable for academic journal or not?
What are some mathematical mysteries that if we solve would yield us more powerful machine learning algorithms?
How does the training time for a convolutional neural network scale with input image size?
How does k-fold cross validation work?
What are some common face databases for face recognition task?
What are common and well-known benchmark datasets for time series/sequential data modelling (prediction plus classification)?
What is the difference between validation and cross-validation?
What are the hot topics in Machine Learning Research in 2017?
Can I use Splunk to mine large non-machine data for insights?
Regarding the future of Natural Language processing without ML (deep learning), is it good to start NLP first and then extend to NLP using deep learning?
My loss functions when training a neural network is jumping after every few iterations. What exactly is happening?
Is C++ better for performance with a scientific web app (backend)?
Can I apply for a convolutional neural net on data with 70 features or they are too few?
What is the MATLAB code for k-means clustering?
What's the easiest way for someone with very little programming experience to experiment with neural networks?
Is there a dynamic voice emulation software?
What are the problem in the areas of NLP and IR that are solved?
How do I use logistic regression to find out if some variable has an effect?
How does Saleswhale know what to reply to leads?
Is eye movement that is associated with thought processes (Such as in the subject of NLP) considered "nature" or "nurture"?
What is the difference between stateful and stateless learning in LSTM?
How do you make variational inference with a large dataset faster?
As a Python programmer with no experience in cloud computing, where should I start to learn and use Spark for my future machine learning project?
What is state-of-the-art in terms of natural language processing using deep learning?
Which machine learning software is easier to learn for someone with a basic knowledge in C++, WEKA, TensorFlow or some other one?
What is non-parametric data?
What is the difference between true regression line and the estimated regression line?
What is the difference between TensorFlow and MATLAB when developing DL programs?
What are the different techniques for natural language processing to solve an autograding essay?
What are necessary steps to be followed while solving problems using time series models?
Have you ever solved real life problems using data science? If yes, state the procedure that you have followed?
Given logistic regression, what does it mean to calculate its p-value? And why is it useful?
What is the “Generalized Autoregression Conditional Heteroskedasticity Model”?
Could I use pre-defined filter weight for convolutional neural networks?
What are the differences between DBN and CNN? Which one is good for object detection and why?
Is neural network for classification in essential a line-fitting problem or clustering problem?
What is the symbolic learning theory?
Which is the highest efficient machine?
What are the most basic neural network models a beginner should learn?
How do I use Machine learning in a typical production support environment?
Which book is best for practicing machine learning problems with case studies?
Can I learn about artificial intelligence from IT professionals?
What is the difference between regression and robust regression?
What is the minimum amount of retail stores I could have in the United States that would be within a 30 minute drive of 50% of the population?
What is a good topic for a master’s thesis in software engineering related to natural language processing and machine learning?
What is the best clustering method for deep features, and what is the best layer to get this deep feature? What about Conv 5 from VGG16 net?
How can I cluster flag a data set?
Is it possible to build self learning AI?
If your neural network isn't learning (or isn't learning much), what steps do you take to figure out why?
Is Google Street View built using Machine Learning techniques for clustering?
What is meant by Big Data for Machine Learning?
How can middle and back office operations of hedge fund be replaced by AI based service?
Can natural processes happen exactly they do at the microscopic level? Answer only if you understand what I mean.
Assuming someone just completed high school and wants to get into Machine Learning, what pathway would you advise them to follow?
What insights can be drawn from the Quora Question Pairs dataset on Kaggle?
How do I learn artificial intelligence by completing projects?
Is it possible to get a job in data science or machine learning right after graduation? If so, how?
What is SPM8 in preprocessing?
Which course should I take after a first course in machine learning, AI or NLP?
What is the perfect chronological order for learning maths for machine learning?
Why do so many software engineers put machine learning into their CVs just because they know some black-box library such as TensorFlow?
Is it possible to build a machine-learning algorithm that can learn to do the job of a Wikipedia Parsoid (that is, translate Wiki markup into HTML)?
Are self-awareness and selfish motivation requirements for AGI/ASI?
Which course is better, Machine Learning by Andrew Ng or machine learning from UC, Berkeley on EDX?
What are the possible areas of research in applying machine learning for SDN security?
What is the best way to find recurring patterns in multiple images?
How can I train an autoencoder model in Keras and then reuse the encoder layer of this model?
Can Convolutional neural networks de-blur an image?
In Feature Engineering, when performing Feature Selection, why should correlated features not be present?
How do I start a data science and human learning recruitment agency?
Which are the new challenges for ANNs in the healthcare field?
What are some best practices for training machine learning models?
How many people want to learn about computer vision, game development (PC and Android), neural networks, JavaScript, Arduino and robot-making online?
What are a couple of interesting machine learning companies in Germany?
Is it possible to train a neural network to maximize a likelihood function different from cross entropy and squared error?
What is moving average algorithm? How can we use if for CPU performance? Is there any unknown application of this algorithm?
How does multiple linear regression perform in categorical variables?
Is a unified approach to (stochastic) optimization over time catching on?
Is there a flavor of Enterprise Architecture framework focused on Data Science or Machine Learning?
What is MarcoPolo Learning?
Where generally is machine learning or artificial intelligence used in supply chains?
If you perform all possible subset regressions on a regression with 9 explanatory variables, how many regressions would you perform?
Why do capillaries have a single layer of epithelium?
How amazing is a convolutional neural network?
Can one mix categorical and continuous variables in a simple neural network?
Is creating an intelligent "being" (AI) not "machine" possible?
What is the closest machine or device we have to predicting the future?
How is a PhD in Machine Learning? How long will it take to complete my PhD in Machine Learning?
Do you believe in digital colonization?
How do I implement image recognition for creating an app to organize images?
Is it beneficial for an EE student to learn machine language in any aspect?
Is there a good open source or web based tool for look-alike modeling?
Does partitioning data to train and test data influence the accuracy?
What do you think about EXIN certifications in Ethical Hacking and Machine Learning?
How do I choose the best deep learning algorithm or R package for a data set?
What are some promising but fledgeling areas of computer science, just as young as machine learning was 10 years ago?
How does TED's smart search engine called?
How do I get started with Machine Learning? How do I build better logic? What materials are good for beginners?
How can a neural network be "deep"?
What are research questions on factor analysis and cluster analysis?
How do I understand the beauty of the backpropagation algorithm?
How do I combine convolutional neural networks with a restricted Boltzmann machine?
How do I build a custom high-end desktop for machine learning in Bangalore?
How hard is it for a front-end developer to learn machine learning and deep learning?
Are memories stored in synapses or neural networks?
What is Rectified Linear Units?
What's the size of the largest neural network trained on a Macbook air?
What is the meaning of Deep Neural Networks built on a tape-based autograd system?
I have two job offers after 4 years of experience -- one for Computer Vision, and the other is for Machine Learning. Where should I go?
How can someone estimate standard gravity by machine learning or just a mathematical model?
How can I use machine learning to find the unique subsequences from a DNA sequences (FASTQ format) dataset which only have one type of disease?
How do we intuitively understand piecewise exponential regression? How do we apply it in R? What are some examples?
Is there any area of prediction models (order flow, technical indicators, etc.) that you ascribe alpha to?
Can AI and machine learning make predictions about the future?
What should I do in order to become an idea machine?
Is training a model using machine learning and deep learning really that fancy and amazing?
How can I feel less amazed by machine learning and deep learning?
Where can I find the MATLAB code for principle component analysis and a multilayer perceptron ANN? I need these for fault diagnosis in rotating machines.
How can I become a machine learning engineer without college?
What is dual variable in SVM?
Where can I learn about vectors completely on YouTube?
Shouldn't we use most of our AI power and resources to accelerate the development of a high bandwidth brain-machine interface, instead of other applications?
Is there a difference between face recognition and object recognition? And if so, what?
How would you summarize the core ideas of Machine Learning and Deep Learning?
How can I practice problem-solving skills in machine learning with actual data?
What are the topics and related materials or resources for learning linear algebra and probability required for understanding machine learning?
What projects in machine learning can be built after completing Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera?
Would momentum perform worse than a regular gradient descent when training a simple neural net with 1 hidden layer and small number of hidden units?
Why would someone use a decision tree-based regression model?
How relevant are the topics of semantic web and information retrieval to machine learning?
Why aren't machine learning experts called machine teachers?
What are the most important skills that one needs to succeed in quantitative finance?
What is the maximum possible number of hidden layers in a back propagation algorithm?
What is your review of taking a machine learning course (Perceptron) with Shubham Bhaiya at Coding Blocks?
Is there an NLP test metric that specifically zeroes in on word order?
Is it a crazy idea to quit a job at the age of 32 years old in order to learn programming, machine learning and deep learning for 1 year?
What do you learn from engaging in inventorying and rehousing in libraries?
How do I handle the data that each sample is a two dimensional time series? For example, trajectory data set. (machine learning)
Is it sensible for an Indian software professional of 9 years experience in programming to switch to machine learning?
What schools offer the best NLP courses?
Are the skills of a social scientist trained in regression analysis useful in finance?
How do I compute the gradient of a Softmax function?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
What are the best classification algorithm for disease prediction using Java?
How can I practically learn Neural Networks while gaining a deep understanding?
How can I optimize parameters (cost and gaama) with the help of a grid-search using a 5-fold cross validation technique in OpenCV using C++ code?
As a chemical engineer, how can I start approaching machine learning?
Has anyone encountered a case where the momentum weight updating in neural networks converged too soon, and led to worse results than a simple gradient descent would have?
How powerful would a smartphone have to be in order to run a neural network that can decide the severity of a tumour?
What is the ideal place for a sound machine, and how do you set it up?
Which libraries/frameworks help in deploying neural network weights on different hardware platforms?
How can we chain models without overfitting?
What company machines are used in pencil manufacturing?
What is the dual variable in machine learning?
In what way can a neural network learn "on the fly"?
How do I interpret the Wagner-Whitin model matrix for 12 periods?
How can I implement a lasagne layer whose output shape depends on the input value and not the input shape?
What are all the applications of artificial neural networks in civil engineering?
What are some good short-term courses on machine learning?
Can AI and machine learning technologies forecast the social implications of converting to AI and machine learning for humans in 5, 10, and 20 years?
Why should logistic regression underperform in multi-class classification?
How would you explain compressed sensing to a machine learning researcher?
Should I major in statistics and minor in CS or the other way around, if I am interested in AI, ML,and DL?
What are some interesting problems in finance, real estate or private equity that I should spend a year trying to solve with technology?
What is federated learning?
In speech recognition, what happens to the 'erm's and 'ah's?
To what extent are optimization techniques from machine learning, like gradient descent, being used in financial modeling?
What is the state-of-the-art machine learning technology for sentence simplification?
Which pharma company uses Bosch packaging machines?
What is the best machine learning training in Bangalore?
What does Andrew Ng think about evolution-based neural network algorithms such as NEAT?
Which is the best graduate school for Machine Learning in Seattle?
Is Université de Montréal good for computer vision?
How do I find a hidden number?
What research has been done on generative adversarial networks (GANs) generating text?
How good are GIS data sets in India (for example, road/street network, municipal parcels, etc.)? What are the sources for this kind of data sets?
How can we prevent the hijacking of high level AI by criminals? How might they use it against the world?
What is the effect of increasing the number of features and number of clusters?
While artificial Intelligence (AI) is hot again the issues are the same, is AI there to replace or help us in the workplace?
Where can I get a small machine learning project in Python or R?
What are the most creative applications of reinforcement learning?
Which domain (such as image classification, Natural Language processing, etc) in deep learning has exponential growth?
In Machine Learning, one constructs a model to be applied against test data. What is the object called that comes back, populated with results?
What algorithms are relevant to designing an efficient curriculum or optimal learning path?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
Does it make sense to use generative models to generate more data in order to use them for another task (like discrimination)?
How do you tell the difference between an underachiever or a student with a learning difficulty?
Why does training neural networks on multiple GPUs give a better performance than a single GPU machine?
How useful would Faces of Suicide be for training an AI to recognize facial patterns in people that have committed suicide?
Why is the cost of a CV set lower than a training set? Is it just pure luck?
Which career should I pursue if I'm interested in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Physics, a bit of Chemistry and everything about Space?
How would I do regression to find a fit for the best-fit Möbius transform?
What are some of the books that explain analytics and machine learning in a simple way?
What does Keras do when the number of training examples is not a multiple of the batch size?
Why doesn't deep learning work with computational biology?
Why are CNNs used more for computer vision tasks than other tasks?
What problems does AI and Machine learning helps in neuroscience?
How do I improve the generalization ability of CNN on text classification?
What are the most state-of-the-art (leading the best results) models to analyze time series or sequential data? Is there any suggested literature?
Is Edureka good for learning data science?
Which part of our neural system acts as a master clock?
What are the techniques for evaluating neural network algorithms?
Does Laboratory of Neural Nets and Deep Learning at MIPT provide teaching activities in any of CS disciplines?
What are the learning paths to build machine learning based on a mnemonic generator and provide it as a web app? I have experience in HTML, CSS, js, Java, and C.
Why, if the input is pictured as empty, does the CNN LeNet-5 not detect this?
What are the ways to access the closed Kaggle competitions and their winning solutions?
Is Tensorflow only available for Python?
Can I get better placement through Android development or machine learning?
How can a beginner in data science learn from the Kaggle competitions?
What is bias in neural network?
What is a VVPAT machine?
What are some mind blowing researches ever done or ongoing in statistical machine learning?
How are AI, machine learning and IoT beneficial in the remote countries?
What should be the RAM size for my RNN model?
What information should be released to characterize a dataset for text classification?
Can sentiment analysis on tweets be considered as a sentence level classification?
What is the "lexicographic method" in optimization?
What was Tom Mitchell's contribution to machine learning?
What kind of project can I make using embedded systems and machine learning together?
I’m currently a marketing analyst and have the option to either move to the machine learning area or be a program manager. Which is better, since I have an MBA?
How do I search examples of machine learning algorithm implementation?
What is “log loss”?
Are there concerns with deep learning for image classification for mission critical systems, like issues with retraining, forgetting, etc.?
How can you improve an audio file’s quality with neural networks?
From where can I learn to convert Keras code to TensorFlow code?
Which should I choose: ETH Zurich's MSc in CS, fully funded Wisconsin-Madison’s MS CS, or Cornell’s MEng in CS?
What is the best ML classifier to use to predict x, y, and z locations in 3D space, assuming sufficient training data?
Is GPU-accelerated Machine Learning possible using a Free Software graphics driver?
What the 4th generation of neural network will be like? For example Google translator?
Many deep learning frameworks have been developed till now. As a freshman in the area, how can you do further research or engineering work in deep learning?
In NLP, what's the relation between the CYK and the inside-outside algorithm?
How do I search machine learning algorithm implementation?
What are some options that would automatically read a question set in a document & answer from previous questions & answers?
I started to learn machine learning and AI. And I also installed the Anaconda framework and Unity. How can I get sample Anaconda projects to test?
How did big companies incorporate machine learning and HPC (give example)?
Is there any way to load a pre-trained model, that was trained using Theano, into TensorFlow?
How do I do nonlinear regression in Python just like nls() or nlsLM() in R?
In Python and scikit-learn , how do I predict the output after standardizing data that was used in Ridge and Lasso for feature selection?
How do I understand 'group-regularized', like 'grouped ridge regression'?
What is embedded intelligence?
How many images required for Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs)?
How can we find the accuracy of fuzzy C mean clustering in MATLAB?
Why university of Edinburgh Is better for machine learning than Oxbridge?
How should I start learning the maths for machine learning and from where?
Research has been done on driver behavior profiling to help reduce road accidents. Do you think it works? If not, what improvements can be made?
Is it worth pursuing a PhD in Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing?
What is the best way to get a Twitter dataset?
What's the best route into Neural Network and Data Science related jobs?
How can I construct a query from a natural language question in Python?
Could AlphaGo successfully play Sid Meier's Colonization (1994)?
What is the best machine learning training in Bangalore?
How can I get access to closed competitions on Kaggle and their winning solutions?
What should I learn for machine learning, C++ or Python?
What makes a machine intelligent?
Does Hessian-Free Optimization relieve the vanishing-gradient problem in Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN)?
Is success probability guaranteed with a support vector machine?
What does the eigenvalue of a Hessian mean in machine learning?
In which machine do we use skewing?
Will a Resnet run on my Mac Air?
What dataset topics are good to interact?
Can a 1080 ti be used for deep learning?
What can machine learning do?
What was the “Enigma” machine?
Which research groups are working on deep learning at Purdue?
How can I train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to recognize noisy characters?
How is Gaussian Process regression better than cubic spline for prediction?
What are some tricks for dealing with a zero inflated response variable when tackling a machine learning regression problem?
With the development of scalable computing frameworks like TensorFlow and Spark, will single-machine computing still be relevant? NumPy could be just API.
Which algorithm works best for adversarial bandits?
I need a laptop for deep learning. What budget laptops should I buy in India? I am just starting with deep learning.
Is there any topic in machine learning or pattern recognition?
What are the limitations of a neural network in handling categorical variables?
I'm a 20 year old Finance student and want to participate in the Machine Learning/AI revolution. I have no programming experience. What should I do?
Who is the founder of ensemble methods for decision trees?
Could you use convolutional neural networks as an optical character recognition substitute?
In a 100-dimensional word-vector, say, what do each of those 100 features correspond to?
How can univariate and multivariate statistics be generalized to solve practical Machine Learning problem?
What are the institutes which provide machine learning summer training in Delhi?
The decision boundary of decision trees is axis parallel. Random Forests is an ensemble of trees. What is the decision boundary of Random Forests?
Where do I get cryptanalytic videos with machine learning converting cipher text to two different plain texts?
Is it true that machine learning is basically pattern recognition and optimization?
What is a planer machine?
Why is it a big problem to have sparsity issues in natural language processing (NLP)?
How do I choose my role models (idols) and learn from their methods and achievements, without imitating them?
Should I still do a Master’s in Data Science and Machine Learning in the USA in 2017 after the proposed changes to the H-1B visa?
How big a problem is account sharing for apps that make use of recommendation systems?
How does one deal with missing data in a large data set with ordinal features?
Why is machine learning harder in e-commerce?
In machine learning, how can we interpret a situation in which training and test errors are both high? What should we report back to our customers?
What is the function of back propagation in a LeNet 5?
How are programs or software able to change the working of a computer or any machine?
Are there any websites hosting machine learning contests that are doable without stack of GPUs?
Most implementations of decision trees are binary trees. Why don't we use N-ary trees (e.g. tertiary trees) while training decision trees?
What are the good reading materials for auto encoders?
How does TRPO algorithm work?
What are some good research topics in artificial neural networks or data mining?
Are there any Machine Learning projects on freelancing sites?
Can I construct an HMM model using only a subset of observations?
Where can I get machine learning/artificial intelligence resumes?
What are some of the best schools outside of the USA to study natural language processing? How do they compare to the top US schools for NLP?
How do I build upon pre-trained object detection deep network models (YOLO) to detect new classes?
Which algorithm would work the best for text data helpfulness classification?
What convolutional neural network (CNN) approaches are used in order to correct optical character recognition (OCR) errors?
How could machine learning be useful in the design & verification field?
Is an Asus GL702VM-GC104T laptop good for deep learning?
How should I start Machine Learning? What are the prerequisites?
If the universe was a simulation, could a glitch or corruption of a program or set of data become malicious to the machine?
How do I choose a PhD dissertation topic in deep learning?
How do I get Roman Urdu tweets using Python (the language mostly used over Twitter in Pakistan)? Is it possible to do this in Java or not?
What can we expect from machine learning in the future?
Which learning algorithm is best used for predictive analytics employed in a financial dataset?
Do you know a simple and interesting data set?
What are some examples where deep learning is used in field of geometry?
Has anyone tried any machine learning in Qur'an?
What are the best resources for machine learning?
Can deep learning algorithms predict the outcomes of sports matches?
Are there any short courses (not online) in Machine Learning with Python in England?
Is it at all possible for non-mathematicians to understand principal component analysis?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
How is the working environment in Action Non Food BV?
Why is a dataset created in the evaluation of NIDS?
Why do some people preprocessing the picture before sending to neural network for deep learning via sometime they just feed the pictures directly?
If I plan on learning TensorFlow and Keras, which one should I learn first?
How do I combine machine learning models?
Where can l find a curated list of computer vision for Optical Character Recognition (OCR)?
What is the connection between Hilbert Spaces and inner product space?
Is IBM Watson overhyped?
Where can I get the best lectures on reinforcement learning?
How do I use mel-spectrogram as the input of a CNN?
I want to go for robotics and machine learning and I am in 1st year ECE. How should I begin in stepwise manner?
What is “plim” in regression?
Is it possible to perform topic modelling in k-means clustering?
Is the dimensionality of the hidden (recurrent) state in a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) always the same size?
As a second year undergraduate student, should I get into Machine Learning and AI or focus more on computer fundamentals like OS and networking?
What’s the current scenario on placements after an M.Tech in Machine Learning at IIST?
Why do some people fear AI despite the lack of progress in the field?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Is it important for a deep learning engineer to know C++?
What are examples of image classifiers that can extract primary and secondary hex values from a specified object in a picture?
How do I create a new format for images compressed using auto encoders or other deep learning techniques? What does this representation look like?
What makes Hilbert spaces useful?
What is the scope of image processing or machine learning in ISRO or any government organizations?
Can anyone help me with facial recognition with MATLAB using a PCA algorithm?
What type of machine learning effort is Microsoft particularly focused on with their immense resources?
Has been there a classification of types of Wayfinders?
What machine learning algorithms can be used to detect topics from Twitter data?
Does empirical risk minimization work the same way for recurrent neural networks (RNNs) as for feedforward neural networks?
Who is the founder of the ensemble decision tree? What is its significance and how is it constructed?
What are the most relevant stochastic processes in Machine learning?
What are the challenges for machine learning from the perspective of the Automotive safety process? Would testing be the only safety?
How useful is Gaussian Process regression? Do you have a good example?
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?
How informative are such clustering results? What are we supposed to read out?
How should I handle unbalanced data while using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in Python?
Should I choose the IITs or BITS Pilani given that I want to study artificial intelligence (machine learning)?
Would you use Ruby language for machine learning?
How do i train SVM to classify moving detected object from videos in MATLAB as like human, car or animal?
Are Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) considered a supervised method in machine learning?
Is there any other algorithm than R-CNN which is faster for object detection to work?
Are there any artificial intelligence projects in the disability community that focus on object recognition?
What are some good Product Management resources for AI/ML/NLP?
How can we minimize idle GPU time when using TensorFlow?
Where can I find out more about Facebook artificial intelligence lab?
What does tf.app.run() do in TensorFlow?
How do I predict next label in the sequence of labels?
What is the best online Machine Learning course for a non-computer science student?
Is Neo4J literally free?
How much machine learning is used at Huawei Research and Development Center in India?
What is the intuition behind the issue of variable dependency in regression/time-series models?
Why is the mean squared error equivalent to minimizing the cross-entropy between the empirical distribution and a Gaussian model?
What is the scope in artificial intelligence in the next 5-6 years?
Which workstation can I buy to run convoluted neural networks (under 100,000 INR)?
What is your guess of what Richard Feynman would think about Deep Learning?
Between TensorFlow and scikit-learn, which is better for performing machine learning algorithms?
Who's responsible for training or grooming models?
What is noise accumulation in high dimensional data?
Which NLP library cover the most languages for a sentiment analysis project?
What can we learn from nature, and how can we make use of that learning for the future?
What is the difference between Markov networks and Bayesian networks?
Is it true that we can only do tagging manually and not automatically (for the purpose of making a training data set for machine translation)?
Should I use the k-means implementation of Matlab or implement my own for a 1-dimension problem?
Is there a better method than unsupervised clustering to build a classifier for recommending suitable alternatives based on items with multiple continuous values?
What are the classifications of networks?
Which should I learn in order to be an OCR expert? I want to convert IPA phonetic letters into simple English.
What exactly differentiates a recurrent neural network from a feed forward network with a limited time window?
What type of data set do you need for training the model?
How is reinforcement used for non-differentiable functions in neural network training?
Is there any connection between Data Science, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence? If yes, then in what order should I learn them?
Why should we use GAN if the differences between the generated samples and the real samples can be directly measured?
How can I get personal tutoring on neural machine translation with Keras?
What are some recommendations and resources to learn Mechatronics, Robotics and Artificial Intelligence from scratch online?
Can increased number of input variables make an artificial neural network work better?
Where does Jungle Scout get the Amazon data set it uses to project sales volume?
Who owns the legal patent rights if there is an invention or discovery made with significant help of any machine learning or deep learning algorithms?
What is the best approach to learn a mapping from strings to continuous variables? (coordinates from addresses)
Where can I find a PhD position in computational biology and machine learning in North America or the UK?
How does one measure the accuracy of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?
Should I go for machine learning or AWS engineering?
How are neural network regression models using TensorFlow?
How do I retrain SSD object detection model for our own dataset?
Which is the best IIT for research in machine learning?
How does fastText output a vector for a word that is not in the pre-trained model?
How do I solve logical reasoning number series problems with machine learning?
What is the major difference between deep learning and machine learning?
What is the optimal way to store and load a huge images dataset?
Are there any artificial intelligence projects that focus on closed captioning?
How do I predict time to fail for certain electrical devices?
In artificial intelligence, what is SLAM?
Do I use R-CNN instead of pixel classification for object detection?
What are some good papers to read about template-based question answering in natural language processing?
Is Machine Learning taught in classe préparatoire aux grandes écoles?
What is the simplest code example for Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) in TensorFlow?
What are journals with a low impact factor for natural language processing and information retrieval?
How do you determine what is a good regularizer in machine learning?
Does an electronic document reviewing program exist?
Is there a LSTM in TensorFlow that processes one character at a time?
Are there any tricks to speed up the convergence of neural network in the Q-learning algorithm?
Is there any balanced accuracy metric to evaluate multi class classifier?
What is meant by application clustering?
Is it possible to design menu cards through deep learning algorithms?
What are the best packages for multiclass classification in R?
Why is the capacity of CNN determined by the size of the parameter? I think the number of neurons in FM are also important.
How does Quora use machine learning in 2017?
Will I benefit from Kaggle?
How do you determine what is difficult about a machine learning problem/dataset?
What are the ways to select a landmark in SVM?
Would a 1080 TI be enough for deep learning (RNN, Boltzmann, CNN)?
What textbook, blog or online seminar(s) are best to get current on machine learning? I studied Computer Science (M.S.) 2 decades ago.
Are Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) considered an online method in machine learning?
Can we build a neural network that can learn to classify things?
Is there any summer courses for machine learning or support vector machines that can be recommended?
Can public opinion be monitored and analysed in real time?
What algorithm does R's "glm" function use to optimize the logistic regression parameters? It’s not Newton’s method because I get different results.
What is the prerequisite knowledge for learning artificial intelligence?
How do I use the HTK tool kit for speech recognition practically?
Can LSTM or another kind of recurrent neural network learn to extract and represent a Markov state?
How do I learn machine learning and AI from the basics?
Does it make sense to average precision/recall for both classes in a binary classification context?
I like the theoretical part of machine learning but I don't like the implementation part. Does that affect my chances of getting a job in that field?
Where does the softmax loss come from?
How does experience in RPA help me in learning AI/ML?
Is smaller cross validation always an indicator of a better predictive model even if a predictive model has a large number of parameters?
How can learning be defined in artificial intelligence?
What is an efficient algorithm to perform an autocomplete feature - predicting words based on particular prefixes?
How do I use a restaurant & consumer dataset?
In Java, how can I plot k means clustering output data?
What is ground truth in supervised classification?
What are the limitations of a computer-aided approach in electrical machine designing?
Which one is the best toolkit for neural machine translation?
How do I learn theoretical machine learning?
Does Airbnb hire junior machine learning practitioners, or do they prefer to hire grad school PhDs?
Are there any private coaching institutes teaches the best of machine learning?
What would be the best strategy to learn as much as I can about Machine Learning, if I have three full weeks to dedicate to the task?
What are top graduate programs in machine learning that would also be good places to combine this topic with climate change research?
Why would we want neuron outputs to be zero centered in neural networks?
What kind of classification algorithm in ML would be best to train several batches of approximately 11 numbers? The output is 1 or 0.
What are some other areas in deep learning which do not include image or vision?
Why does single-layer MoS2 have broader Raman peaks than multi-layer? Why do the Raman peaks get narrower as the thickness of the MoS2 layers increases?
What is more important for data science, computer science or statistics?
Do algorithms rely on AI to predict a surface on a video or image?
What is the difference between POS Tag and Named Entity Recognition?
Can neural lace result in artificial time travel?
What are the pros and cons of a career as an Analog Design Engineer vs. Machine Learning Engineer?
Can we achieve Auto ICD coding with deep learning?
In an $950 laptop for deep learning, is a 1050ti (4GB) OK for entry level?
Does it make sense to apply ML to optimize the misprediction penalty cost in interpreters?
What are some of your favorite machine learning manuscripts and why?
What are the prerequisites for a PhD in machine learning from the good colleges in the USA?
How can I approach the problem of multilabel classification using deep learning?
Imagine that the given data that is not easily separable. When should we opt for more Slack rather than going for a more complex model and vice versa?
I got an admit from UBC but I want to pursue Deep Learning? What is the scope of Deep Learning at UBC?
What is high dimensional data?
Where can I find free industry reports on the natural language processing industry?
Are there any online courses about neuroscience (not neural networks of engineering) with programming assignments?
In Batch normalization, transform of same input x to BN(x) is differrent from batch to batch, how it can learn a stable network?
How do I start my career as a data scientist/machine learning from a IT Infrastructure Program Manager (Data Center)?
What are real-time examples of feature subset selection in data mining?
Should I consider an MS in machine learning in Germany?
What are the topics I should talk about when writing an essay about deep learning?
Are computers better visual thinkers?
Can identifying latent variables help debias certain ML-learned systems?
What are some of the most useful jargons to know in machine learning?
How can fractal geometry be useful for artificial intelligence and/or machine learning?
How can we use tf-idf in movie recommendations?
What are some good universities for a professional MS degree in Machine Learning and Computer Vision?
What are the technologies in artificial Intelligence other than NLP, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Image and Video processing?
What is an Optimum-Path Forest?
How long should it take for a 1-dimensinal data to fit a Gaussian Mixture Model?
What is HTML? What are features that it has over a plain-text representation of data?
Is it possible to create a music lyrics generating software using speech recognition libraries?
What are the most promising AI and machine learning startups in NYC/Northeast?
Where can I find a dataset for my paper?
Do machine learning algorithms give practically useful results for predicting financial time series data such as stock prices? If no, why not?
What are some suggestions of good home PCs to be used for deep learning (GPU the main requirement)?
In layman’s terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?
What are the uses of an input-process-output model?
What is the best methodology for variable selection for predicting binary response with over 200 variables, in R?
Why is having the same train and test set not a good idea?
How can I motivate myself to program more, even when nothing seems to work good?
Why are chip breakers necessary for machining aluminium?
What if there is a new state after you are trained in reinforcement learning?
How can patterned neural activity guide the refinement of connectivity?
Do I need to have programming experience to learn machine learning?
What does Thomas Cormen think about artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep neural networks?
How should I train my train model with a regression model?
What is the difference between Markov Decision Process and Q-Learning?
What is or was the SIGABA machine?
How do we use the First Order Inductive Learner algorithm? Explain with an example.
Would the USSR still exist if they had computers and machine learning?
What are the prerequisites one should have before taking the course on ML by Andrew NG on Coursera? Can I take this course with no prior knowledge?
Can LibSVM be used for classifying patterns from a set of data?
What beats deep learning technology in AI?
How is data augmentation done when it comes to sound data?
What is the latest feature extraction method for animal sound recognition?
What is the best real world analogy to explain singular value decomposition (SVD) to someone with little math background?
Can machines teach other machines?
Can you identify question pairs that have the same intent and provide R code for a random forest or naive Bayes and explain the code?
Could I use my machine learning skills to discover new things about particle physics?
How do I meet people in machine learning in real life?
Can Indians develop a neural lace?
Is there a Quora Tensorflow tutorial?
What is formability and machinability?
How can I use deep neural network in maintenance decision making?
How deep is deep learning?
What algorithm(s) does Amazon use in their recommendation system?
What is the level of e-learning in the Nigerian context?
How can deep learning be useful for psychiatrists?
Why does a simple bag of word models like tf–idf work better for IR tasks compared to deep learning?
What is sparse coding?
Which are the best and free artificial Intelligence APIs to learn and code for MVP in the market today?
Is it possible by using Natural Language processing and Machine Learning to extract relevant information from a sentence?
How do we know which kernel to choose when using the Gaussian process machine learning method?
What is the deepest neural network up to date?
How do you use Docker to containerize open source machine machine learning models?
Has there ever been a successful attempt at teaching an AI the concept of numbers and math?
What is layer normalization?
Would it be possible to prove in advance that an intelligent machine is safe? How?
How can you export a trained convolutional neural network from TensorFlow to MATLAB?
How do I detect an empty image in LeNet-5 deep learning?
How does one compare vectors of different sizes in TensorFlow?
How do I scan the complete internet to create an events timeline? Is it possible to scrap the complete internet?
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?
In an LSTM unit, what is the reason behind the use of a tanh activation?
Is it possible to create a machine that can code and improve through hardware and software itself?
Which are the most helpful programming languages to machine learning?
Is research in deep learning dying?
What are the elements in reinforced learning?
Which area should I follow, quantum computation or machine learning?
Is there a Tensorflow guide on Quora?
What are some of the best model-free methods in machine learning?
Using TIMIT database for speech, historically we fold the phones from usual 61 to 48 while training and 39 while testing. Why?
What is a good overview book/paper/tutorial/course on model-based reinforcement learning?
Where can we use machine learning in banking and finance?
Is there a single scheme of classification of all knowledge?
Is there someone with an MS in Information Management and Business Intelligence from NOVA IMS (Portugal)? Is it good to start a machine learning career?
How do I learn to build recommender systems with Python?
Where can I get a master’s in machine learning that teaches deep learning in the UK?
Should I choose higher K for K-fold cross validation if my algorithm produces higher accuracy?
Can a machine learning model completely replace a rules based system?
Do I need to pursue a second PhD in AI to be successful in the AI or machine learning field, if I already have a PhD in physics?
Can I use collaborative filtering for text-based recommendations? Does it gives the results when we want?
Are there any known problems in batch normalization?
How do engineers take notes and organize them (on what software) for science, manufacturing processes, programming languages (Python), machine learning, books, links, etc?
What is the right way to encapsulate Tensorflow model creation and training in a class?
Why did IBM choose the name Watson?
What is TensorFlow? How can I learn it from scratch?
Would it be possible for a program to predict an entire sentence given only the first letters of each word?
As a machine, what work does a computer perform?
What are the best machine learning summer schools for summer 2017 in Europe?
How do I plot ROC for a non binary image classifier in MATLAB?
Did anyone manage to replicate AlphaGo in the 12 month since its publication in Nature in January 2016?
Is there any artificial intelligence or NLP to automatically extract features from natural language IT job postings?
What is the difference between a decision tree and a decision table ?
How can I see which segments of demographic categorical variables in Excel were most profitable?
Why can’t generated data from GAN train the network?
What is the best startup tutorial on Keras’ deep-learning library?
How do Neural language models (NLMs) overcome the curse of dimensionality problem for modeling natural language?
Are there any studies on the effectiveness of adaptive learning systems not done (or supported) by related industries?
How do I make sense of an input probability distribution in a machine learning algorithm?
If I only practice machine learning and data mining algorithms, it seems I would fail to answer on-campus Data Structure & Algorithms questions?
What is the difference between artificial intelligence and intelligent algorithm?
Can we design a machine learning algorithm to solve competitive programming?
Can someone give me an intuitive explanation on Hyperband that is an approach to Hyperparameter optimization?
How do distributed representation avoid the curse of dimensionality in natural language processing (NLP)?
What does machine learning do to our religions, and will AI believe in God once singularly is reached?
Is there a specific reason why a neural network with more layers might perform worse than a network with fewer layers?
For a master's in machine learning, which would be a better choice, KTH (MS in machine learning) or Chalmers (MS in complex adaptive systems)?
Which are the highest paying companies in India for machine learning/deep learning?
How do I use LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) for ranking documents with respect to the query?
What are the recent paper of convolutional neural networks (CNN) for optical character recognition (OCR)?
What steps (in detail) would you suggest for an undergraduate to take in order to gain expertise in machine learning fields (see details)?
How do we go about looking for a career in Machine Learning? What sub-fields are there, and how do we explore them?
Which machine learning tools and platforms can be used in an Asian language environment, like Japanese and Mandarin?
Are there any deep learning experts in Nigeria that are using Quora?
Are there any web accessibility projects that utilize IBM Watson?
What are some natural language processing courses that I should start with?
How can I land with machine learning in an engineering job just after my b.tech?
Do I need a PhD in distributed systems, machine learning, databases or similar specialization to get to L7+ at Google/FB/Amazon and make 1 mill+/year?
Who are the best professors working on machine learning in India?
What are the main differences between artificial intelligence and machine learning?
What is happening mathematically when region proposals get resized according to final convolution layer activation functions in Fast R-CNN?
Which is a better elective, Natural Language Processing (NLP) or Digital Image Processing (DIP)?
How can a knowledge of a stochastic process, Brownian motion, and a martingale process help one with deep learning and machine learning research?
What machine learning data sets are physicists interested in?
What are the best artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep vision, and NLP websites/blogs in 2017?
How much time is required to prepare for a college machine learning project for a beginner using Python 3 and its libraries?
What are the best programming languages to build an AI with, specifically a feedforward neural network?
Where can I find research assistantship/ internship openings in computer science-related fields, like machine learning/deep learning/NLP/CV?
Why isn't memory in neural networks contained in the individual nodes of each neural network?
Why do autoregressive models always yield good results (like in PixelCNN and CF-NADE)?
What are the best online institutes for machine learning?
Which algorithm does Google's AutoDraw use to associate our drawing with an existing one?
Can I ever be good enough in machine learning?
What could be the output of a neural network if we consider a numerical sheet as an input?
Can I use the output from softmax to compute an ROC curve in binary classification with a two output neuron?
How do I do a multilabel classification with XGBoost?
Natural Language Processing: Do N-grams fight the curse of dimensionality?
Where is machine learning research headed?
In artificial intelligence, what is a convolutional neural network?
How do I extract features from a plain text when the location in text differs? For example, parse job descriptions cluster them by similarity.
Is there a hidden atheist network in Bangladesh?
How many parameters need to be estimated to detect an ellipse in an image for the Hough transform?
How can machine learning be used in software related to tennis?
What is ROI pooling? What happens mathematically when you mix region proposals with final convolutional layer activations?
Can I learn ML on my own?
I'm an undergraduate. What do I have to do to become a machine learning engineer?
How do I practice implementing machine learning algorithms without a big theoretical/mathematical understanding?
How can I use machine learning in my mobile app?
What kind of data is badly suited for deep learning?
What concepts in optimization do I need for machine learning?
How many data points are required for structured learning of binary vector output?
What are the required skills for an entry-level machine learning/deep learning engineer?
How does AdaBoost decide decision stumps on a multivariate case?
In lay terms, how would you explain the distributed representations in natural language processing (NLP)?
What is the best predictive algorithm to predict behavior using a CSV from my checking account?
As a beginner in Deep Learning today, which framework should I use?
What exactly is openai.gym? What does it do?
Why is AUC maximizing SVM less popular than the regular SVM?
Are there any good references for heavy-tail regression?
Why are the calculations of the ML models mostly based on linear weighted sums?
What should I learn in web development?
Why can classical n-gram models be viewed as performing nearest neighbour lookup?
Why is main reinforcement always kept below the distribution reinforcement?
How can a Machine Learning model be trained for special cases?
How can I get the data for deep learning in bioinformatics or fintech?
Is a career switch from Java with 8 years of experience to Machine Learning a good move?
What's the intuition behind the extra feature map that connects to layer 1 via a uniform filter in the deconvolution paper?
How much does Facebook pay for a PhD in machine learning?
How much impact will machine learning/A.I. have on music production?
What are some unknown applications of machine learning in daily life?
What are the differences between semantic and non-semantic models?
What books do you recommend for making excavation or mining machines?
What's the best way to cheaply train and run large neural nets for people without access to corporate or academic resources?
Is the Softmax loss function suitable for a large number of classes?
What would be the best approach to search for names or phone numbers in large files?
What does an NLP specialist make?
What are some good papers about the performance evaluation of Machine Learning Algorithms in the field of economics or generally in the social sciences?
Where can I download Modern Machining Process by Pandey and Shan?
What are the skills required for an entry-level Machine Learning job?
Can anybody help me in Multioutput Gaussian Process regression by Twin Gaussian Process?
What data augmentation techniques are available for deep learning on text?
What is better when implementing machine learning applications, using libraries like TensorFlow or developing algorithms ourselves?
I’ve completed Stanford's CS229 lectures and problem sets. Now what?
How do I identify entities in natural language search query?
In layman’s terms, how would you explain the distributional hypothesis in natural language processing (NLP)?
Which companies in India provide job opportunities to post-grads with machine learning backgrounds?
Is it better to use Naive Bayes or Deep Learning or something else to classify text? What are the advantages of each approach?
Will a machine learning model ever be better than its training set?
Does it makes sense to measure/analyze the relationships between descriptors of a given dataset ?
What is the relationship between language development and learning /teaching process?
How do I create a training set for a machine learning model that is supposed to replace a rules-based system?
How can I cluster TIFF files using Weka?
Should I switch from Web Development to Machine Learning?
How do I get Indian people image dataset to make my own full body classifier?
What is the best way to evaluate goodness of prediction for positive unlabeled learning problems?
How do I implement semantic matching like Quora using Google NLP API?
Can Generative Adversarial Networks be described as a training method where the loss function is learned instead of being hand selected?
What does "Deep" really mean in Deep Learning?
How do I analyze multiple categorical variables with a single binomial outcome?
Which biotechnological problems are currently being explored using deep learning?
Can VGG neural network architecture be used in a commercial application if it's trained from scratch?
What is a time delay in a recurrence plot?
What is a faint cluster? How can you determine its distance?
Is there any reason I should think about the distribution of datasets when dividing for training and validation?
What is the proper algorithm of a support vector machine (SVM) with a kernel?
When will India face unemployment because of automation?
What data can I use, and how can I use it, in a commercial deep learning application?
To what extent should Data Science roles require familiarity with Machine Learning?
Is it possible to perform ensemble learning through stacking if I have only two models?
How can I learn Cantonese?
How do I estimate the parameters of an extended logistic growth model?
What's the problem with continuous training in TensorFlow?
How rewarding is an MS in machine learning at University College London if I am paying around 30k GBP as an overseas candidate from India?
How do support vector machines (SVM) have the capability to ignore outliers?
What does functional classification mean?
How can we build explainable AI?
Can or would Quora build and research on a scoring system, based on user's behaviour?
Which are the best algorithms in machine learning for filling in or generating missing climatological data?
How is deep learning research at NYU?
"How to apply machine learning with ArcSight Common Event Format type of log data file." What can I learn from such logs, and how can I pre-process them?
There is a machine that knows everything. Does the machine understand everything?
Can machine learning perform the task better than humans?
How important have Bayesian methods been in your career?
Where can I get solved MATLAB predictive maintenance (machine learning) examples to train myself and apply what I am learning?
What is the best way to learn CUDA C programming to implement new deep learning ideas?
What is the limitation of machine learning to financial trading?
What are the conditions so that two surfaces are orthogonal at a point using gradient?
How can I automatically tag documents with multiple labels and wildly-unbalanced, unknown priors using a small training set?
Do I need to learn advanced knowledge (in math for example) to implement machine learning better?
Which books are perfect for learning Machine Learning for beginners? And which background should I have for that?
Is there any accurate information for the sentiment analysis APIs in Google Cloud?
What is Mandrel size used in reinforcement bending?
Besides SCPD, what are some good distance learning/online (or part time in NYC) masters in CS programs for machine learning specialization?
How are vocabulary subset computed in "On Using Very Large Target vocabulary for Neural Machine Translation"?
How can a physics student with no programming background build a career in machine learning or artificial intelligence in the US?
What are some areas where machine learning cannot be applied despite having lots of data?
How is analogy analogous to intelligence?
Which should I learn, Node, Rails, Android developing, or machine learning?
I have offers from both Cambridge University and Imperial College for computer science. Which one should I go for given that I am interested in AI?
I want to go in the field of artificial intelligence so which college is best suited for it and which all subjects should I take for it?
How do I train 1000 samples of wind series with wavelet neural networks in MATLAB for better prediction?
How should an inexperienced CS student gain prowess in Machine Learning/Data Science?
Can generative adversarial networks still generate data 5 sigma away from the mean of the distributions of at least one dimension of the data sampled?
What is automated machine learning?
What does Hakon Hapnes Strand recommend for someone who wants to start learning about feature selection?
Which are the best machine learning courses in R?
Can the Inception model be used for an image forgery detection data set containing tempered and non-tempered images?
What is a Gaussian process?
What is the best machine learning?
What are the possible/potential benefits of solving/completing Kaggle competitions for a prospective graduate student?
If an AI had access to all internet feeds, would it be possible for the machine to predict market prices?
What companies in Chicago offer machine learning and data science research summer internships?
Is there any rule of thumb in training RNN model?
Why are generative adversarial networks so creative?
What does hybrid loss function means when developing a neural network?
What specific kind of "autoencoders" is MATLAB using, i.e. denoising, etc.
How can I learn about machine learning on my own?
Where does industrial machine vision systems require innovation?
How do I feed a raw user given a handwritten image of an already trained network and predict the number from it?
Is it possible to torture a machine learning algorithm?
Is machine learning all about figuring out a best fit curve for a given data set?
Can machine learning be used in converting old B&W movies to color?
How can I use genetic algorithms to train a better neural network?
Which unit in Infosys deals with machine learning/data science/AI?
How would you see a deep fully convolutional network with no reduction in maps size?
Why is optimization on discrete parameters difficult?
Why should regression in machine learning minimize mean square error rather than mean square relative error?
How can I design machine learning algorithms from scratch?
Can ARIMA models be compared if p and q differ?
What are the job prospects for a machine learning engineer intern? Does it close doors to software engineering jobs?
What is the difference between EE's machine learning, CE, and CS in UCSD? I am interested in machine learning.
Do you still work on ML projects?
How could knowledge representation and reasoning be used in data science?
How good is Deep Learning research at Video Analytics Lab, IISc?
Why there are some tutorials saying ICA is a non-linear version of PCA?
How can I compute the entropy of a dataset when I don't know its probability distribution?
What companies in Miami offer machine learning and data science research summer internships?
Do algorithms have qualia?
What is better for machine learning research in Canada, MILA Institute or the new Vector Institute?
Where is a Deburring machine used?
How do data scientists and machine learning engineers work together on an end to end industrial ML/NLP/CV application at a large tech company?
How do I decide on a career option before it’s too late?
If there was one object, personal belonging or a machine that you could interact with, what would it be? And why?
How can I use ATI radeon R7 for deep learning?
How I can know if a data is linearly separate or not?
How do you calculate the memory footprint of a particular deep learning model?
Is it possible to do a sentiment analysis using PDFs as input?
Which technique do you prefer in feature extraction in images?
Should I learn machine learning (supervised) before deep learning (unsupervised)? I just have a laptop at home, so will the computing power be enough?
What are some marketplace sites for making money online?
How can you apply machine learning to ArcSight Common Event Format?
How does a deep neural network escape/resist the curse of dimensionality?
How do I learn machine learning fast?
Is there a machine for detecting whether a human has depression?
What are some simple example of deep learning to implement?
Is there a difference between additive models and generalized additive models?
What is the roadmap to implement deep learning?
As a Computer/Data Science grad student, how do I contribute towards/learn about open source GMO or CRISPR/Cas9 projects if there are any?
How should I learn about AI?
Can you pass on a PHP simple example for machine learning?
Why does the J48 classifier rank features?
Can I implement a TensorFlow model on a mobile client?
Why doesn't the use of a forget gate in LSTMs cause vanishing/dying gradients?
How much do technologies like AI and machine learning rely on metadata to derive their capabilities?
What is the formula of calculating logistic regression?
Is there any other potentially powerful algorithms or computational models like deep convolutional neural networks?
Isn't it dangerous to throw your data at a black box algorithm (deep learning)? Will you trust a decision made by such an algorithm?
What is the commutative model and general model of polyphase filter implementation of interpolation?
How do I implement sentiment analysis on customer feedback projects?
How is coding theory used in machine learning?
How do I get into robotics and/or machine learning?
Why is the derivative of the LSTM cell state w.r.t. to the previous cell state equal to the forget gate?
Can l train a convolutional neural network (CNN) with images of different background black/white?
What happens if we manually increment a neural network’s weight?
How would you solve the below perceptron diagram?
With the Python programming background, where can I find free online materials to learn NumPy and SciPy that emphasis on learn by practice?
How can I divide intervals of continuous variables for Classification and regression Tree?
How does one use the "adapt" function in MATLAB's NN toolbox? (Is there any good documentation?)
Which matters more in a neural network design - the number of layers or the number of nodes?
How do I use SVD to denoise vibration from accelerometer data which is in time domain?
What are some of the seminal papers on theoretical deep learning?
Can we use deep neural networks for training an A.I. for a computer game?
Are we going toward the end of the human world?
Is it necessary to be good at AI/ML for a CS major?
When will we see NLP be productized in the same manner as is happening with computer vision currently?
Can you work on Machine Learning with a Statistics PhD?
Do you need to be a genius to be able to pull off a PhD in Machine Learning or Statistics?
In what tasks has deep learning NOT become the most competitive method/model?
How can l detect redundant images in a dataset?
What are some machine learning algorithms which can work effectively on non-stationary time-series data?
What does stationary data mean in machine learning and data science?
What is the best way to learn aptitude?
Which are the leading artificial intelligence companies in BFSI industry?
When should you use cross entropy loss and why?
Having a computer science background, is it worth it to learn R and data science?
What happens when the inputs to a neural network are highly correlated?
Is it bad to tell an interviewer that you will work well below their rates?
How do I dumb down the concept of a neural network?
Where can I find a good resource for multiple choice questions for Probabilistic Graphical Models?
How can I know if the data sample I selected is good for a regression model?
Why is deep learning able to be applied to speech recognition successfully given that speech is non-stationary data?
What are the best ways to learn data science if you are working as a mainframe developer?
Is it a good idea to do seam carving before feature extracting SIFT features?
What courses and tutorials does Yoshua Bengio advise for a quick and urgent grasp of deep learning, already having the mathematical requirements?
Why are weights trained by TensorFlow of MNIST visualization full of noise?
How can I assign topics to a new document using the same LDA model?
Could a change of basis help SGD converge faster?
Are there examples of multiplayer competitive games where each agent is trained with reinforcement learning?
In Monte Carlo cross-validation, how many times of repeated sub-sampling is suitable?
How can I learn ML from scratch?
Can an unsupervised learning algorithm find the right features that make non-stationary data into stationary features that are solvable with ML?
Why can't machine learning algorithms handle non-stationary data?
How do you train a neural network for a fast style transfer?
What should I choose as an elective, machine learning or graph theory?
What are the relevant features to extract from a weather time series needed for a classification purpose?
"It's not what you know.. it's who you know". Is networking more important than education, as networking saves the long, learning process 'till later?
Is it normal for some classifiers to change their prediction performance from fixed amount of data each time I run them to train?
How do you design or image a computer simulation/model about the human brain?
How can I identify images that contain handwritten characters?
What is the best skill a QA can have: machine learning or IoT?
Is Andrew Ng’s Machine Learning course still recommended for someone who is new to machine learning?
What are the best online resources to learn LSTMs (and RNNs)?
Which of the following projects would hold the most future benefit- 'the page rank behind Google,' 'complex brain networks,' or 'neural field models'?
Can machine learning be used to minimise MDR tuberculosis cases?
How can I implement machine learning on a mobile client?
What is the domain of artificial machine?
When is a large-sized kernel useful in CNN?
How do I start learning for research in machine learning?
What problems are better suited to inductive logic programming than other forms of machine learning?
Is Python used in the back-end for machine learning model building in production, or do we just use Python for simulations to build models only?
Where can I find resources for personalized learning using ML project?
What parts of a data scientist's job are least likely to be automated in the future?
Does winning a Kaggle competition matter outside of Kaggle?
Does Russia have top research institutions on machine learning? How about Eastern Europe?
What are the top machine intelligence startups in Israel?
How do I break into machine learning for the industry?
Technology always fascinates me, but I want adventure in my life. I want to become a billionaire, philanthropist, and much more. What should I do?
Is there any PhD Programs in the U.S with a dual focus on Nuclear Engineering and Machine Learning?
Are there any data augmentation techniques for NLP?
What are some examples of knowledge representation and logic in artificial intelligence?
What is the latest feature extraction for sound recognition?
What are some notable research papers written by Fei-Fei Li?
What are the best book for learing machine language?
How do I implement neural networks in the direction of arrival (DoA) estimation?
What are the principles of natural language processing in AI?
Can one develop a chat bot using Tensorflow? If yes, how do I start coding on the same one?
Have recurrent neural networks been applied to GAN with as much success as convolutional networks?
Why does Google provide open-source code for machine learning, making AI systems and other basic codes, etc.? Does Google benefit from this?
Does having a deep knowledge of reinforcement learning change your outlook towards life? How?
What is the difference between Bayesian and Statistical Inference?
What directions/fields in applied mathematics are away from (not very relevant to) data science?
What do I do in machine learning?
Can we apply machine learning to frequent itemset mining algorithms like Apriori?
Why should I learn machine learning's mathematics if I can use any framework doing all that internally?
Where can I find consultants that are experts in building on top of IBM Watson?
How is AI or ML used in determining credit card APRs?
What classifier to choose if the training data is severely corrupted?
What are some of the good resources to learn more about large-scale spell correction (like the ones by Google/Microsoft)?
How are weights trained in a convolutional network?
What is a machine language (I am a beginner)?
Are there any online machine learning classifiers used in computer vision?
Can you see my YouTube channel Código Logo and tell me if the content is good?
Can we use Dynamic Bayesian Networks to a single time series (i.e. DC noise voltage data filtering, prediction)?
Being a Mathematics student, is it possible to shift careers to data science and machine learning?
How is detecting numbers different from detecting physical objects in computer vision?
As an experienced software engineer, which area (AI, big data, machine learning, deep learning, or information retrieval) should I focus on for my future career?
What programming languages are used to create online chatbots like cleverbot.com
What is the difference between “cluster” and “cooperative”?
How does bidirectional LSTM RNN work on recognition text?
How do I study the Deep Learning textbook by Ian Goodfellow?
Do data science/machine learning consultants make more than those who are salaried?
How are convolutional filters trained?
What are the best certifications/courses for a software engineer with four years of experience in entity extraction, NLP, semantic search, Groovy, and Grails?
What is a deep generative model?
What is the future of deep learning? Are most machine learning experts turning to deep learning?
Why could adding blur or noise worsen neural network results compared to only using original images?
Do you have any ideas about Oric machines? How about this machine?
Are the weights of convolutional filters random?
How do I start deep learning tutorial from basic, I hardly have knowledge on machine learning?
What’s the future of networking, when compared to Machine Learning?
What is the most popular method to classify the topics of news articles?
How should I approach a problem of text classification with possibly hundreds of output classes?
I'm very interested in machine learning, especially NLP, from the business perspective. Where can I find information on related seminars in the US?
When initializing weights in Tensorflow, or in general, why is a truncated normal distribution usually preferred over a random normal distribution?
Why is human inference modeled by the Boltzmann probabilistic model? How is it better in comparison with other models, like the uniform or Gaussian model or a normal distribution?
What is the price of an InBody BCA machine?
In what ways is a "Lie Access Neural Turing Machine" superior over normal NTMs?
How are kernel methods convex?
Will it be beneficial for me to go for an MS with a specialization in machine learning, once I complete my masters?
What are some do’s and don’ts for beginners in machine learning and programmers?
Should I apply dropout to transposed convolutional (deconv) layers?
What is a neural tube?
How can I learn artificial intelligence in 1,000 hours?
Which machine learning methods does Featurespace use to detect fraud?
How do you handle outliers and label noise when training a deep neural network?
What is the line between modern convenience and over-dependence on machines?
How are the four processes of observational learning implemented?
What is the fastest k-means cluster algorithm in the world?
Which questions can I ask a startup in order to find out whether they really use machine learning as a technology, or just use it as a trendy buzzword?
How do I study deep learning in depth? I have a good knowledge of it, but I’m interested to understand the details.
How do I do feature engineering for non-linear regression right?
What will be the impact of machine learning/artificial intelligence on UX design field?
How does Feed-Forward Neural Network Language Model work on morphological analysis?
Where are the most updated research on artificial intelligence?
Is stochastic gradient descent unbiased if I run through the epoch and simply shuffle the data before?
What deep leaning model can handle sequence input and discrete output? Could LSTM + CNN do so?
Which paper talks about how IBM Watson question-answering works?
Are there any Android neural network libraries in which we can embed our neural network model to make an Android app?
How can I use TensorFlow seq2seq to do regression such as price predictions? How should I set the embedding?
What are some books, links and websites that I can use to teach myself data science and machine learning?
What is a generative model for data that is consistent with using the (discriminative) model of logistic regression?
What are the top machine learning startups in Israel?
What should I be doing to build a career in Machine Learning? Where do I begin, and what are my options?
While there is lot of talk and hype about natural language processing, what are some of the widely-used cases currently being implemented by large firms?
In computer vision tasks, is HoG a rotational invariant?
What happens when we use one factor loading only for each latent factor in SEM (structural equation modeling)?
Where can I find a large, unstructured text data set for relations extraction?
How can I design a system which will detect the cutting sound if someone cuts any tree, then have the system send me a message?
How can we make a good prediction using MXNet R deep learning?
How useful will it be to do MBA after MS in Machine Learning/AI?
What is the most systematic way to understand Deep Learning algorithms?
What are the limitations of some dimensionality reduction methods you know about and how do you think researchers can improve them?
What is “NBW” in the MATLAB Delta-Sigma Toolbox?
Should I remove URLs when I do preprocessing for a Twitter sentiment analysis?
What relevant topics (keywords) should I look for in library databases for my research paper topic ‘Future of programming: Self-coding software’?
What are some good approaches for information retrieval on a short text?
How do you solve the problem of warpage in aluminium parts during machining?
How do you improve encryption using neural networks?
How does a neural network modify its weight without going into a ping-pong effect?
How do I use the PCA result for predictive modelling or on test data?
Why are most (if not all) hardware accelerators for deep learning for inference (prediction)?
Will MIT's 2017 discovery of memory formation imply inspiration for deep neural net architecture?
Are neural nets always convex with respect to the weights? And if not, how does gradient descent work so well?
Which Turkish startups are offering summer internships related to optimisation algorithms and/or machine learning?
Should I join Mastercard or a startup in IOT/Machine Learning?
Which are the best sources to learn Interactive Machine Learning?
What is machine learning of selenium web driver?
How do I know a hypothesis has a breakpoint in machine learning?
What is the best way/source to learn, construct and verify Turing machines?
Why do l need to apply PCA whitening to my images (black and white) before training my convolutional neural network (CNN)?
Can I use deep learning or ANN for a clustering problem like KNN?
How and when do I use the reshape function in Python ML?
What are the techniques for induced morphological analysis in NLP for small datasets?
Is there a labeled dataset for multiple intent detection in sentences (NLP)?
Is strong AI more likely to be developed via merging the brain with technology than via pure machine intelligence?
Should I work for salary in a company or for learning process?
What are the weirdest self-service machines?
Does any one have CS 229t 2016 material of Percy Liang (HWs, exams..etc)?
The loss function neural nets try to approximate happen to usually be convex, so gradient descent works well, but why would untrained vars be convex?
By using the sliding window method, how do you train an SVM over HOG features?
What is a good MLP neural network framework with ReLU on Java?
What is a good textbook for regression analysis?
Is machine learning being used in the development of aircraft autopilot systems?
While there are substantial advancements in Natural Language processing, it is still not 100% accurate. What innovations are being done on this?
Now that I have my data set ready with my algorithm, how do I implement it?
While English is the most commonly used language for natural language processing, what is the future for other languages?
WIth 12+ years in SW development, what are the right skills/courses to achieve a successful transition into ML, AI, or ADAS fields (will ageism allow it)?
Where do I learn about the Turing machine perfectly?
Which is the best - data science, machine learning, or informatics?
How do I get into the top universities in a machine learning programme?
What, in Dr. Sidran's opinion, are the areas of studies in which machine learning is currently most in demand?
How do I use sonnet framework?
In Keras, how can I save a whole DNN net model and reload it?
How much computer science coursework do I need to apply to a PhD in reinforcement learning?
Could someone use artificial intelligence to alter the Law of Attraction for themselves like a wish machine?
Is knowing Python well enough to be a software engineer in machine learning?
Is it possible to give approximate solutions for Hilbert's 10th problem using deep learning?
What proportion of real world business problems can actually be solved by applying AI and machine learning?
How can I learn machine learning quickly?
Is there any convolutional latent semantic model implementation in TensorFlow?
What is the state-of-the-art in optimization used in machine learning?
How will Google's TPU change the CPU + GPU market? How will chip makers respond to this change?
Does peusdo-inverse for linear regression remove collinearity?
How do I use cross -validation in a GMM-UBM approach?
How should I start with deep learning in data mining?
What are the fundamentals required for machine learning, deep learning, robotics, and artificial intelligence?
What is Dr. Sidran's advice to first-year Computer Science students who are interested in machine learning?
In which order should I learn neural networks, machine learning, AI, and NPL?
How does one learn to predict the next word by predicting a path through a binary tree?
Where can I find Machine learning course in Pune?
How can I collect a handwritten character dataset?
What are good textbooks out there on Machine Learning using Java?
Is deep learning a better career than IC design, nowadays?
Which universities are doing intensive research on collaborative filtering and recommendation systems, and who are some famous professors in this field?
Can a lead software engineer easily become a lead machine learning engineer?
Which is more worthwhile - a PhD in economics or machine learning?
What are some good introductions/reviews on dimensionality reduction and/or Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) in Machine Learning?
What is the relationship between overfitting and data shift?
What are structured topic models for language?
What are some topics or questions one should focus on when preparing for an interview for an entry-level job in Deep Learning and Machine Learning?
Do Bayesian Nonparametric models work well in practice?
Why do people update the discriminator in GANs just once, and not until convergence, before updating the generator in practice?
Which course is better for machine learning and data science for an MS in NCSU?
Is it possible to apply machine learning with drag & drop tools like AzureML/AlpineNow without R or Python but with knowledge of statistics?
Is the University of Gothenburg going to be a good place to study natural language processing with CLASP up and coming?
Is it possible to start a career in machine learning with a computer engineering degree instead of a computer science one?
Is there any connection between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
How can I get the solution manual of the 2016 draft of Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction?
What is the best library for machine learning for C#?
What if we used linear activation instead of softmax as the output layer?
How can I implement basic matrix factorization for recommendation system in Java? And which library is the best to use in this case?
Which CS subjects are the most important to cover for an EE undergrad to do well in an MSCS program specializing in ML or NLP?
How can I estimate the cutoff point in logistic regression?
What are some practical applications of supervised machine learning?
What is the meaning of "Bounds are monotonic in one direction and quantities are monotonic in the other direction" in the learning theory of ML?
Why do we use neural network to do NLP task?
How do I get a list of Machine Learning SCI indexed journals?
When should I use Metaheuristics optimization?
Are there already trained models to classify the topic of scientific articles?
What is the best university to study artificial intelligence/ML in Brazil?
What is the usage of different layers (conv, FC, pool, and so on) in deep neural networks and how do you design the structure of a deep neural network?
What is the process planning in machining of components?
On average, how many papers does a PhD student publish as the first author in top journals/conferences?
What is the SVM code in the TensorFlow cookbook?
When doing cross validation, do we pass the entire X and y, or X_train and y_train from the train_test_split?
What would be the pros/cons of doing a graduate minor in neuroscience/cognitive science/psychology vs. math/stats/none for a CS PhD student?
What is the process for converting my data set to the MINIST data set?
What is the methodology (steps) for an Ensembled Machine Learning model with voting?
How can I get the segmentation patterns of each cluster found by k-means?
Which universities are good for a PhD in data analytics or machine learning? I have done my master’s in CS with a 3.33 GPA and a GRE of 294. Would I get funding?
What are more general-overarching books/articles on deep learning?
How are Dirichlet distribution and Dirichlet process related?
Is machine learning and artificial intelligence going to change the computer and networking job market in the next 4–5 years?
Know how to apply Machine Learning in 1 field only (such as NLP), or generalize to other fields (such as Computer Vision and Speech Recognition)?
How do I solve the resolution in AI?
Is it possible to do a PhD in machine learning, after an MSC in applied maths?
Can Seasonal Hybrid ESD (S-H-ESD) be used as an anomaly detection algorithm for SAX's string output?
How can I convert from continuous to categorical variables?
In computer vision, how do you prove that Difference of Guassian is a good approximation to Laplacian of Gaussian?
Is there an algorithm in ML or AI to convert undeterministic algorithms to deterministic ones?
Which is better among UMN Twin Cities and NYU Courant Institute for MS CS? My area of interest lies in AI/ML.
What are some ways to make deep learning interpretable?
How do I learn machine learning and deep learning without any fear of complex maths and algorithms?
How are the filters and output of the convolution layer being computed?
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?
What data structure could I use to construct a naive Bayes classifier in Java?
What does it mean to have high AUC but low F1 score?
What are the unresearched applications of artificial intelligence?
When preparing data set for supervised machine learning, are there any ways other than manually labelling the training data set?
What are the best sources to learn data science and machine learning?
What is the importance of machine learning?
Why do cranes and big machines have diesel engines?
Do all software developer need to learn Machine learning and AI?
What is a preprocesser directive?
How can I perform max pooling on the text input in TensorFlow?
How can so many people be certain about AI’s future?
Which university is better for an MS in CS, UCSD or USC?
What is the mechanism of a garlic-peeling machine?
How can I learn implementation of machine learning?
How does a Mechanical and Automation student learn Machine Learning?
How is the Q learning neural network model trained for 2 player games?
How can I use machine learning algorithms to predict future insurance outgoings?
Do all model ensemble parameters lie on the same optimization curve?
What are some good open-source projects in machine learning written in Python?
Why don't scientists work on time controlling machines?
How does a neural network learn? Is it by a back-propagation algorithm?
What are RNN and ANN and what do they mean?
What parts of the spacecraft vontrol system are automated by learning from data (machine learning)?
What about suggestions for speech recognition video courses?
What is the purpose of a CMM machine?
How are you using MNIST in your day-to-day life/work?
Do we think about Hoeffding's inequality when developing a machine learning model?
In a random forest, how do we calculate the OOB error rate when observations appear in all trees in RF?
How are the MNIST digit samples preprocessed?
Why would a total network error get stuck in an XOR problem with an ReLU transfer function of the Neuroph framework?
How does a neural network give the answer of a new input not used in learning?
What is the meaning of "PAC learning with irrelevant attributes"?
How can Python be used for support vector machine classification?
VIT (Vellore) offers an M.Tech in biomedical engineering. Does this course prepare you to work in the artificial neural networks/signal and image processing domain?
What is meant by POS in sentimental analysis?
In k-fold cross validation, can you assign folds by simply dividing up the independent variables into k segments?
How do I learn Spark with Java on a local machine?
Does data analytics require machine learning?
What is your attitude towards the development of machine learning?
What is a neural network?
In MIT, which is more useful to learn machine learning, 6.036 or 18.065?
How do I construct a decision tree?
For artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, and IoT, which is the best programming language?
Can anyone with basic coding skills become a machine learning engineer?
How do I use weka 3.8 for Graph-based Semi-supervised Learning?
What tool can I use to extract relationships out of text?
What data science and machine learning online course do you recommend?
I have an intermediate level in Python. What would be the best way to learn Tensorflow?
How do I get a machine learning internship?
How can one find distractors (incorrect answers) for multiple choice questions with Machine Learning if we have the correct option?
How should I pursue a career involving Artificial Intelligence in India?
Is labelled data the bottleneck of progress in AI?
What are some of the uses for predictive modelling and analytics?
Why aren't anonymized medical images shared freely like machine learning datasets?
What is a kaggle notebook? How is it different from a kernel?
What is an intuitive explanation of sampling from Bayesian networks by likelihood weighting ?
Is there an algorithm that can generate an equation based on given set of patterns/data?
What is Logistic regression and what are its advantages over linear regression?
What should I study after a BE to work in AI development?
What should we call an agent in artificial intelligence?
What would happen if there is no evaluation system?
What do deep learning researchers think of the Simons Institute at Berkeley?
How many images (data) do I need to start training a deep neural network from scratch?
How do I get accepted into Stanford Master's program for machine learning?
How can I train RAE without linguistic information to generate sentence vector?
What are some of the best options for experienced professionals who have just completed masters’ in machine learning later in life?
What is better for making conversational chat bots (using NLP), Deep Learning or traditional Machine Learning?
Which tutorials or books will I find good for machine learning and soft computing codes?
What are the use cases of using Natural Language processing (NLP) in various industries?
How do I download the dataset for extractive text summarization?
How do I become job ready in machine learning in a year?
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?
What are some latest and interesting machine learning research papers to read?
How do I aim for a PhD in Deep Learning from a reputed college like CMU, MIT etc.?
Can a beginner programmer complete a Natural Language Processing project?
Does unsupervised machine learning based on data clustering automatically determine the number of clusters as well?
Could a machine learning model have predicted Federer's Australian open victory?
Do I need to be a good mathematician to learn artificial intelligence and deep learning?
What is the best way to do multiple object recognition/classification in real time using OpenCV and GPU (CUDA)?
What CNN models need a batch norm but are small enough to do a very quick test?
Is having a degree/certificate a must when it comes to getting a job offer in machine learning? If not, then what are the tricks for getting such a job?
If deep learning outperforms other machine learning models, why don't we always use deep learning for solving ML problems?
Is there machine learning in electrical engineering (MS)? If so, what are the job prospects in this field?
What are the algorithms that can be used in R for prediction in categorical data?
What is the use of a machine language?
What is a good book or other source for a quick review of regression, including OLS and logistic?
What is the best book for the design of machine elements?
How do I compare an input against a number of trained neural networks to output an integer e.g 1,2,3 (7 NN to compare to in MATLAB)?
Do the course notes of Andrej Karpathy's course on convolutional neural network cover everything in the lecture videos?
How does KNN work?
What do natural language processing researches do?
What is the most bizzare thing that we use machine learning for?
Why is an extreme learning machine called useless when compared to deep learning?
What is the current state of the art in Android TV STBs?
What is the real difference between machine learning and a robot?
Should I read a book about general machine learning before Sutton's Introduction to Reinforcement Learning, and Deep Learning books?
What are possible uses for predictive modelling?
How does one decide between Random Forest and LASSO regression for variable selection?
From where can I do PhD in Machine Learning after MCA?
Why is the “AERO machine” important?
In the given Bayesian network, is D independent of E and F given C?
Is Canada still a leader in artificial intelligence, given that all its top AI researchers work for US tech companies?
Would an EE Master’s prepare me for a career in Machine Learning?
When assessing whether a GPU's memory is large enough for the data and model being used in a neural network, how can you accurately calculate this?
How can I apply to Gabor to do a feature extraction on an image using MATLAB?
What is the intuition behind Bayesian networks?
How do I evaluate multivariate regression?
How do I start my career in machine learning? I have 10 years of J2EE development experience and I am based out of India. How do I start going into machine learning?
How do you adjust the weights of an ANN using backpropagation when you've got more than one hidden layer? (Details are in the description.)
How do I calculate the class probability of unlabeled data in a support Vector Machine in a semi-supervised learning environment?
Why do we implement batches, as an extra axis of a tensor, instead of a replicated graph, in Tensorflow?
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?
What will be the biggest machine learning use cases of 2017?
Algorithms seem to be involved with many parts of our lives. What are they and how could I learn more?
Can AGI be accomplished/solved by a lone wolf?
Does it make sense to write a machine learning application in Java?
How do I use the Bayesian average?
What are the mathematical topics that need to learn before starting data science course?
Is autoencoders perform rowwise or columnwise reduction?
How do I determine & build usage patterns based on user's location history? What are the sources of data or available research on this topic?
If a machine learning model is developed using a standard framework in Python (ie. ski-kit learn), can the model still be considered IP?
How is dimensionality reduced based on autoencoder?
How can I know if I'm qualified enough to apply to machine learning related jobs?
What are some great ideas to do on MNIST that is worthy of a undergrad thesis?
How does Age of Empires 2 AI work? Is there a machine map of the AI?
How can I calculate the model complexity of linear regression with 100 points in 2 dimensions?
Andrew Ng: What are some exciting new directions in deep learning this year?
How to find users similarities based on their indicative data (age, gender, marital status, current state residing in, etc.)?
Where can I find great resources about Machine Learning for beginners?
Where can I learn more about predictive modeling for patterns of human settlement?
Can I run multiple deep learning models on the same GPU?
What are the most widely used review spam detection techniques?
Does learning TensorFlow eliminate the direct learning of Python libraries like Numpy, Scipy, Scikit-learn and so on?
What is the chronological order of face recognition algorithms?
How can I join the ISRO after pursuing my Master’s and PhD in computer vision and machine learning?
If you had an AI assistant that was proven to consistently make better decisions than you in all cases, would you choose to follow it consistently?
When running a cross-validation, am I supposed to run a cross-validation only once to build a model or as many times as I want?
Is it too late for a 22-year-old software engineer to start learning machine learning and deep learning?
Where do I learn about deep learning architecture?
Does anyone exactly know the formula of the Net 5 algorithm in convolutional neural networks?
Do economists use probabilistic graphical models?
Can I create a tutorial about the competition hosted on Kaggle after it ended on my blog?
Is it in all cases that the support Vector Machine (SVM) perform better than Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) backpropagation for classification?
How did you get truly proficient in your CS field (e.g. ML, CV)? What boosted you the most?
What is the continuous rate network mode?
How many training images should be used for good gender recognition task in OpenCV? Is there any dataset available for this task?
Why is the standard gradient descent rule non-covariant?
What is the difference between variational inference and variational Bayes?
How can I implement a logistic tree model (LMT) to solve a classification problem using scikit-learn?
Why accuracy increased when SVM and naive Bayes used together?
What is the future of a software engineer who is not interested in machine learning?
What are the best image classification algorithms in CNN/deep learning?
Why do we use all filters option in weka?
Can beginner do an IoT project using machine learning?
How do I put this data set into Weka?http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Mammographic+Mass
What is more compute-intensive in neural turing machines: Content-based attention or location-based attention?
What is Machine Learning, and where can I start learning it from?
How does one train the computer in deep learning?
How we can use naive Bayes classifier for sementic sentiment analysis of Twitter data?
How much deep learning can you do in 45 days if you work on it all day?
Will information ever run out?
What is the difference between yaoi and shounen-ai?
How do rental companies use machine learning?
How do I best utilise my Computer Science and accounting degrees, taking into consideration the advent of AI, automation, etc?
What is hybrid support vector machine and how does it work?
How transferrable are the skills of a generalist machine learning engineer into a self driving car ML engineer?
What are some of the biggest myths surrounding Deep Learning?
Which topic or idea in deep learning doesn’t require too much computational power, but is still fertile for some new twist?
Does clustering fix within panel auto-correlation across time periods?
How can I switch career to Machine Learning?
What are some examples of cool machines?
What do you think about deformable convolutional networks?
What are some web resources that provide large amounts of data about car crashes (especially DVR records of the crash)?
What do you mean by potential gradient?
Why do we use the discretize option in Weka?
I have a strong math background. What coursework should I take to study machine learning?
Where do I find examples on using gensim LDA codes for a mallet wrapper?
Do Neural Turing Machines use hard or soft attention?
How do I find a zonal classification of Rachenahalli?
I want to start a business in India related to AI, machine learning and deep learning, what can I do?
How does TensorFlow’s Float32 Precision work?
Can you cite good examples of machine learning applications in the context of smart cities?
In neural network, how does regularization work?
What if Simone (2002) became real?
Is it possible to make a transition from Statistics to Machine Learning?
What do finite and infinite hypothesis mean in machine learning? What are the differences between them?
What are the best way to start implement a neural network?
Why second order optimization method impractical for training neural network?
How would I find the most similar demography using machine learning?
What is a general workflow for approaching a machine learning problem?
Why do we use descriptive options in Weka?
Can I start learning data science and become market worthy in 6 months?
What are the best books for neural network which are very simple?
What is the best way to learn artificial intelligence with Python?
What are the general approaches to solve classification problem?
How do I obtain a confusion matrix for a Book-Crossing dataset?
What are some good books on the practical aspects of machine learning?
What type of problem is best suited to using gradient-boosted machines?
Where can I learn surface modelling in Solid Edge?
Why is it difficult to integrate neural networks with symbolic reasoning?
What are the state of the art methods to scale CNNs to long videos and multi channel CT and MRI? How would you deal with the memory limitations?
What is the difference between Differentiable neural computers and neural turing machines?
What skill set is required to get a machine learning job?
Is it any good if I focus only on machine learning and algorithms and not much on the analysis of data?
How much machine learning would I learn by completing the Andrew Ng Course (the one on Coursera), on a scale of 100?
How do I learn deep learning in 1 month?
Can we use two successive ReLU in a deep neural network?
What level of knowledge about databases must an aspiring deep learning engineer have?
In what business scenario does online learning, update model in real-time with arrival of new data, become necessary?
What edge could a provider of data science, AI, and ML services have?
Is it fine to create a tutorial post in my blog about a competition hosted on Kaggle, after it ended?
How do I evaluate training accuracy for a neural network with one hidden layer?
What are the rules to adjust the learning rate in a deep neural network?
How are Neural Turing Machines differentiable end-to-end?
What is the scope of learning?
What does it mean for a function to be smooth in a neural networks context?
How do I make a flow wrapper machine?
What is the Bayesian Model Averaging and its applications?
What are the skills required for an FPGA hardware designer to work in machine learning/AI domain?
Is fuzzy logic still useful today, given the dominance of machine learning?
How can I make a bot that can be trained to play simple games using Python?
How can I add multiple shades with reactive() within the Shiny app?
What's the best way to run machine learning on Android devices?
How does unsupervised machine learning based segmentation on tensorflow differ from one derived with K-means statistical tool like MATLAB?
What is the significance of machine learning in the IT sector?
What are “model cost algorithms”?
How did University of Adelaide's Machine Learning Group come to have only Chinese professors?
How can I use the M. L. Khanna book properly?
Which company has the best machine learning scientists?
How do I form a team in Kaggle?
In what cases are convolutional neural networks better than recurrent neural networks?
What do you think are the most important elements of linear algebra for applying machine learning?
What is a probabilistic fractal?
Can I use distributed tensorFlow as a Keras backend on different computers and how?
Who are the NLP and Machine Learning experts?
How can we showcase our machine learning skills as our college project?
Are you in the AUC?
What is the easiest way to deploy a machine learning model developed in R for production?
Which companies are working on personalized learning?
How can you find support vectors when programming SVM?
What API or open source software can I use to convert an image to a text?
How could I get a job at Amazon as an SDE?
How do I create a movie recommendation system?
What is the theory behind AlexNet and SqueezeNet achieving their accuracies in the ImageNet classification challenge?
What do AI researchers think of The Emotion Machine?
Why do we need optimization of input data before feeding it to neural network for flood prediction?
Where can I find computer science book (like related to AI, machine learning, hacking, db, algo etc) store in Bangalore?
Where can I freely access machine learning and AI journals where I can keep tracking new research results?
Where do I find a notebook or example of Kohonen Maps for non-image - unsupervised learning?
Where can I buy custom deep learning labeled data for computer vision tasks?
What could be the reasons for being jobless in this summer ?
How does the number of columns in a Spark Dataset decrease performance?
For IoT, embedded, and machine learning, which university is better (jobs and opportunities, balanced), RIT or UIC, considering that both will cost me the same?
Is supervised learning a special type of reinforcement learning?
Is there any way to reject unknown test data with good confidence scores, and whose class isn't known at the time of training for CNN?
How can I start studying artificial intelligence from zero with online courses?
What is the difference between Bias and Variance?
Machine learning seems to be everywhere these days. But is the technology we see now mature, or are we still taking baby steps?
How can I impress someone who do not know what Machine Learning is?
What is the best algorithm for sentiment analysis in unsupervised learning?
What are the reasons that may cause TensorFlow stopping backprop gradient?
What are the common points and differences between NLP problems and recommender systems?
Can a neural network be trained to distinguish between previously unseen words and typos?
Should I shuffle train and test dataset sin financial time series forecasting?
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?
Is there an open source deep learning tool for text summarising?
Where can I find a large corpus of labeled suicidal/nonsuicidal messages for training a neural network to recognize suicidal tendencies?
I have MS CS admits from Columbia University and UCLA. My interests lie in Machine Learning and Data Mining. Which would be a better choice?
How much do machine learning experts earn?
How might one detect internal expressions with NLP?
I am a .NET programmer. I am starting to learn machine learning. Should I learn Python or R for practice?
What type of research relevant to artificial intelligence can one do in a statistics PhD?
Is it possible for a language major (English literature) to start a career in the field of Natural Language Processing? If yes, then how?
Can I learn artificial intelligence without knowing machine learning?
What is the role deep learning playing at Segment?
How do I study the nonparametric Bayesian method systematically?
Could a deep learning algorithm create realistic cloud maps for semi-procedural planet generation?
What is more important: artificial intelligence or machine learning?
What real life application is required to use one-shot learning?
Why do GANs give an approximation of p_data(x) /p_model(x)?
Where can I find the best explanation about how machine learning works?
What are the best deep/machine learning journals to follow?
Is there something like Kaggle for natural language procsessing?
Why should designers or PMs learn about machine learning?
Does RMSProp only good for dataset above 10000?
How can the axiomatic fuzzy set be used for feature selection?
What are some fields (or works) that cannot be replaced with AI?
In ABC classification, why do we forecast only a few items from the A category?
Why do students lose interest in learning?
How would a hybrid neural network behave?
What machine learning algorithms get sentiment of reviews?
How do I get the sentiment of a review?
How important is machine learning in the future?
What are the basic concepts of machine learning?
How difficult it is to find a job as a data scientist in Vienna, Austria?
What are the best techniques for recognizing content topics and building recommendations from a series of links/conversations?
What's the best way to learn data modeling?
Is there any other way apart from backpropagation to train our neural network?
What's the difference between iterative shrinkage-thresholding methods, and proximal gradient methods? Are they in the same class of algorithms?
Can I assess the performance of single models in a stacking ensemble with the test set?
In any word embedding (e.g. Word2vec), can the vectors of a trained model be updated manually?
What is this procedure of extracting info froms forms called as in NLP?
Is it possible to train a neural network with only positive examples?
How do you tune a deep learning network to look for SMTG in particular (like classifying critics reviews into ratings for plot, screenplay or direction)?
Should I directly jump into neural networks after completing the Coursera course by Andrew Ng? (I have studied the 1st 3 chapters of Tom Mitchell.)
Is it impossible for a student to implement a project using Convolutional NN?
How are Convolutional Neural Networks related to the convolution integral?
Can l transform 3D images into a 1D vector to train CNN?
Is it in any way impressive to invent neural networks at 15?
How can I evaluate the best possible results for an SVM classifier?
How can I make a recurrent neural network in R?
Are Deep Learning & Neural Networks different fields of computer science?
Is there a modified absorption implementation in scikit-learn?
What sort of machine learning applications would be more prominent or useful in Japan and thus more effective to use in a MEXT application proposal?
What are the different π-models and t-models and what is the perfect condition use for them?
Which neurons determine the decision boundary in a multilayer perceptron?
What site or book should I refer to learn artificial intelligence?
What are “predictive models”?
Do social system designers need machine learning backgrounds?
What is the difference between network layer and datalink layer?
Does the magnitude of eigenvectors mean anything in spectral clustering?
How can I get the probability distribution of classes with pixels that are either 0 or 255?
Is it possible to make a recommendation engine using text data?
What is the forecast for the Asia-Pacific neural network software market and its segmentation?
What is Justin Trudeaus view on a machine tax?
Does logistic regression has a virtue for very sparse and high dimensional feature compared to other models?
What is the best Neural network forum on Internet?
Can generative adversarial networks (GAN) be used for anomaly detection?
What are some of the limitations or drawbacks of Convolutional Neural Networks?
Which sports (tennis, volleyball, golf) is the hardest to train a robot to be good at?
How does deep learning find the unknown unknowns in data, and what are examples of such?
What is the difference between shared/part-shared layers and domain-specific layers in convolutional neural networks?
What can be done on artificial neural networks?
Will there be a challenger to NVIDIA in the GPU market?
Is it possible to use Convolutional Neural Networks for identification of specific objects instead of object categories?
How do I tune hyperparameters of ML algorithm using Bayesian Search? Please help with with an example with proper steps for MLP.
Why do I see so many good Reinforcement Learning researchers moving to Europe (say the UK) instead of the US? Is Europe going to be the future hub for the field?
How does deep learning differ from (error) backpropagation?
What is to learn?
What if Quora bans Quorans because their writing styles don’t fit their agenda for machine learning?
What is a good machine learning model for a very sparse and highly dimensional feature set?
What are the best machine learning puns?
What are the applications of moving object detection?
Can I use a CPU to generate data (augmentation) when tensor flow training on GPU is in a parallel way?
Is there a difference between prediction equation and the least squares line?
What is the feasibility and capacity of AI usage in the field of grant writing/grantsmanship?
Which is a better country for a Master’s in machine learning - Australia or Canada?
What's a fair verdict on machine pronunciation evaluation?
Should I do research in machine learning if I am only of average intelligence?
What if Quora bans Quorans because their writing styles don't fit their goal for machine learning? What if the sarcastic answers don’t benefit the AI?
Is Microsoft's CNTK underratted?
Which university should I choose for a Master’s in Computer Science, Washington State University or the University of Georgia in Athens?
How does a neural network modify its weight without going into a ping-pong effect? The weight-modification function is based on the error (l * e * o [1, 2]), so high-error values give drastic weight modifications.
What are the side effects of using a bad activation function in neural networks?
Which are some good research projects in the combination of natural language processing and information retrieval?
What is the difference between a shaper machine and a planner machine?
Are there any video lectures covering the book "Machine Learning an Algorithmic Perspective"?
What job or field or position that used to be a safe bet is no longer the case, due to artificial intelligence and machine learning?
What are the minimum characteristics of the necessary system of deep learning for object tracking?
Why is it a bad idea to use a step function as an activation function in a neural network?
Why a new algorithm for Indian Railways have not been proposed by anyone?
What's the best way to save an image from Scrapy to MongoDB using pipelines - the full image, not the path to the OS folder?
Which regression techniques are more robust than latent class regression?
How do I implement DBSCAN algorithm with 1000 variables?
How do SVM and LS SVM relate?
How do I design a neural network architecture for tic tac toe machine learning?
Which has higher job prospects, Machine Learning vs Image Processing?
Why are we saying machines have 4 poles?
With keywords as the input, are there any models to generate meaningful text?
Can I train on the test set after model assessment?
What is state of the art in Natural Language Processing as of early 2017?
How is data science utilized in job websites?
What's a useful multivariate data set for a class project?
What should I learn today that will help in the near future?
What are the best YouTube channels and/or websites about Computational Linguistics & Natural Language processing?
What are the great ideas on opinion mining (sentiment analysis) for research?
How can I analyse the results of the WEKA experimenter on several data sets? Is it only deciding on V and *?
Can someone illustrate the implementation of an artificial neural network for Twitter data classification?
What basic machine learning/data science concept do you think is the hardest to understand or to find good explanations for?
What are some mind blowing facts about programming data science and machine learning?
Is it possible to train a neural network one layer at a time?
How are machine learning faculties at IIIT a?
Is a convolutional neural network well suited for a problem like recognising corrosion in images?
Has there been a proposed methodology in a data-driven field such as NLP or CV that achieved state-of-the-art, yet wasn't statistically significant?
Is there a theoretical upper bound in the length or complexity of an input to an NLP system that uses current techniques?
What are the open areas in feature selection with Neural Networks for text data?
In a convolutional neural network, is it necessary to increase the feature channels, as the network goes to deeper layers?
Can machine learning and artificial intelligence help the judiciary in decision making?
What is the best method for finding similarities between short sentences, like tweets, for clustering them based on content similarity?
What are the advantages of SVM algorithms?
Is the hardware requirement for GANs the same as the usual discriminative neural network?
How do human beings perceive names of brands or products (simple, moderate, complex), as per psychology? Where can I find data sets for this?
What is the method of dividing data sets into training testing and validation sets?
Is it possible to compete in the ImageNet Challenge as an individual? How much of an investment would it require in terms of resources?
How is Conner Davis studying machine learning?
What is an efficient algorithm, similar to the "pool adjacent violators algorithm" for isotonic (monotonic) regression, but for concave regression?
What are the qualifications and job descriptions for machine learning engineers?
What are some of the ways or algorithms employed in snort to detect network intrusion so that I can implement them on my own?
Does the generative/discriminative dichotomy of models exist in the context of cluster analysis?
How do I build up a Hadoop and Spark cluster using docker and deploy to AWS?
Is it worth spending 6 lacs in IIITB or going to IIIT Allahabad? I’m really confused about this. I have an interest in machine learning, so which would be best?
As a 1st year CSE undergraduate interested in AI and ML, how should I proceed?
How do I solve Iris flower dataset classification problem using Machine Learning algorithm in Java?
What is Natural Language Processing?
How can you find and replace synonyms in a text corpus in R? (Read description)
Will it be useful for an ECE engineer to learn Big Data, Machine Learning for IOT application?
Has machine learning been used to accurately identify individual dwellings/structures on satellite imagery?
What are the different predictive models?
How are memory networks being applied in NLP?
What are the factors that affect the error rate in the KNN algorithm?
In a feature selection problem on a dataset, is it normal to have an accuracy of 100% for one algorithm and 66% for another (30% difference)?
What type of neural network helps conversational AIs like Google Assistant understand the user commands? What dataset is used for training them?
What are the promising new techniques in machine learning? Specially in multivariate time series.
How do I build a sentence recommendation using TensorFlow?
How useful is this site for beginners in NLP if they have some experience with neural networks?http://cs224d.stanford.edu/syllabus.html
How can I optimize bus stop locations?
What are the best linguistics features to use in subjectivity classification?
What is meant by "Batch" in machine learning?
What programming frameworks (e.g., Theano, TensorFlow, Torch) do development teams use to implement deep learning applications in production?
What is the difference between an expert system and machine learning?
What is the best option to automate tasks that use table information, browsing and logic?
Which types of work, as a software engineer, would support me the most to become a Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher later on my in career?
Is it a good master project for data science? I am thinking of using Raspberry pi cluster, install Hadoop, and Tensorflow for image classification.
If we primarily use LSTMs over RNNs to solve the vanishing gradient problem, why can't we just use ReLUs/leaky ReLUs with RNNs instead?
What do you think of PyTorch compared to TensorFlow?
What is the best available question generation neural network?
What photographs show love?
What makes probabilistic programming different?
How do I start using Raspberry Pi? I want to run machine learning algorithms on it. Where do I start and how? Are there any suggestions for boards, too?
For DL tasks, why does the model degrade in quality when using a larger batch size, and is that applicable in the case of all optimizers apart from SGD?
Do self-driving cars use fuzzy logic?
In Latent Dirichlet Allocation, how words are assigned logically to topics and the Gibbs sampling perform this?
Given the rise of machines and AI, what kind of professional knowledge do I need to have to stay on top of the game in the future?
Other than the learning experiences, what incentivizes people to use Python's SciKit (and the like) rather than just using an online solution?
Is it possible to analyse the affect of IV on DV through logistic regression (rank them)?
What does heuristics mean in artificial intelligence?
Will you learn MLJAR or H2O.ai (sparkling water) or any other?
Suppose we have a complete AI system that simulates the mind of a simple animal e.g. a rat. What parts of this system can be accomplished with an ANN?
Should one invest in learning IBM's Watson? Or is it being replaced by Google's or Amazon's machine learning capabilities?
Will Udacity nanodegree program in machine learning help us land a job in India?
How does IBM Watson train its models for NLP tasks like sentiment analysis?
What is the difference between adaptive optimal control and reinforcement learning?
How can I read and understand research papers as a software engineering student?
Are there any weaknesses in the use of max pooling and average pooling?
Which is better in terms of earning, placement, and scope, etc., machine learning, programming data science, or game developer?
How can I speed up machine learning applications built in python?
Given the rise of machines and AI, what kind of professional knowledge do I need to have in order to stay on top of the game in the future?
What is the relationship between combinatorics and machine learning/artificial neural networks?
Why is Machine Learning better than Web Development apart from the salary point of view?
How are latent factor neural networks trained?
In NLP, can we predict the real value word embedding vectors, instead of using softmax over the word vocabulary?
What areas of math are useful for deep learning with provable guarantees? What are some good intro papers to this area?
What is a good summer school for deep learning that you can still apply to (April 2017)?
What should I do find website elements on the screen of the website page?
Which problems are now required to be deeply studied in the field of sparse coding and dictionary learning?
Do you think universal adversarial perturbation research is a fair one on deep neural networks?
In my discrete mathematics class, we proved that there are problems that cannot be solved by a computer. Could those problems be solved by an AI?
Could Batch Renormalization replace Virtual Batch Normalization in GANs?
What are some machine learning algorithms that cannot tolerate missing data?
How is the machine learning repository or data set made, and how can I build my own?
What is the state of the art texture classification method?
On what kind of data do EM Gaussian mixtures tend to work well?
How can I apply machine learning for a quadcopter’s sensor data generated by a simulator?
What exactly is a neural network, and exactly how can it be used to identify example pictures of cats?
Aside machine learning, what are some computer science fields that require mathematics knowledge?
What are palmprint recognition applications?
How do I extract from the voice signal acoustic vectors in Automatic Speech Recognition?
What role does the logistic function play in the logistic regression algorithm in machine learning?
How does neural lace technology work?
Why is there no work of variational auto-encoder on larger data sets like CIFAR or ImageNet?
Is it possible to implement a convolution neural network without using GPUs?
Is a Mandelbrot set in TensorFlow easy to understand and execute?
What will happen if we remove one edge (new graph G’) from a directed graph G?
Is there any point in trying to solve the gradients of complex neural networks, such as GRUs and LSTMs, manually?
Is shifting from Data Science to ML/AI feasible?
Which is better for doing an MS in CS (with a specialization in Machine Learning), UT Austin, UCLA or Columbia University?
What are some resources for open-sourced video games that can be utilized for Machine Learning or Deep Learning projects?
When we increase the amount of training data in the KNN algorithm, why does the error rate reduce?
Why is logistic regression generally resistant to overfitting in machine learning?
Is having skills like web or Android development valuable for someone who desires to become a data scientist, or am I just wasting my time? Note that I am studying IT engineering.
Why is support vector machine more popular than relevance vector machine in the industry?
What is the accuracy of detecting emotions and sentiments from Speech Recognition in artificial Intelligence?
What are the advantages of k-mode over k-means?
If a machine was able to create an antimatter copy of itself, would that antimatter machine theoretically be able to create another matter machine?
Is there a Machine Learned or AI System to write Jokes?
What are the best resources to learn the mathematics/statistics behind machine learning and deep learning?
What is the difference between fuzzy logic and machine learning?
Why do we use vectors in perceptrons or may other machine learning algorithms instead of scalars?
Where can I find a free plain text corpus for English?
Has there been any research on redundant representations for deep learning computation?
Is there any generalized algorithm to disaggregate energy data of any house?
In the random forest algorithm, why should randomly selected tree outperform the best thought decision tree?
How do engineers design machine learning models to cater for safety in self-driving vehicles given the shortage of data as accidents rarely occur?
How can analyze ROC curve in Stata?
What current diagnoses are invasive, but can become non-invasive using machine learning algorithms?
What is the correct approach to perceiving Artificial Intelligence, and what are the right ways to learn it?
How does one Master’s graduate apply to a PhD in a somewhat different field?
What is the affect of the amount of data in the KNN algorithm on the error rate?
What are some situations which would cause a random forest to perform more poorly than a decision tree?
How good and complete is the neural network toolbox of MATLAB?
If the generator and the discriminator use SGD in Generative Adversarial Networks, why is the adversarial training called unsupervised?
Have you used Machine Learning or Deep Learning? What was good and bad about your experience?
Is Spark or Java/C++ experience more important for entry-level machine learning jobs?
Is data analyst a high rank job? Where does it lie within the hierarchy of a big AI company? I am new to this field.
Is it possible to design a LSTM(RNN) with exogenous variables for forecasting?
As Business analyst does one should know all the theory behind a ML algorithm or just the basic understanding of its working and code implementation?
What's the better double major combination for AI/Machine Learning: CS and math or CS and statistics?
What are hyped use cases of machine learning?
Can a machine learning model use multiple algorithms such as logistic regression, neural networks, and decision trees at the same time?
What are some open problems in unsupervised learning (clustering)?
What are the pros and cons of bagging versus boosting for ensemble machine learning techniques?
How good is a UCSB PhD in robotics and control/machine learning in the EE/ME department compared to other top schools?
What's the easiest big data tool which can be used for machine learning?
From the viewpoint of a computer engineer, how much can a college student learn during summer vacations?
What scenarios are you using machine learning for today in your applications?
Is Pan-Ning Tan, Steinbach and Kumar a good introductory text for Data Mining?
How do I add new output for a pre-trained model in TensorFlow?
Do the machine learning models in driverless cars use supervised, unsupervised or reinforcement learning?
How is the back propagation algorithm implemented in the brain?
Why is daily practice essential in any task? Explain in terms of psychology and brain neural networks.
What is the meaning of ensemble in machine learning?
Why is class probability distribution in Naive Bayes, CART, boosting trees, and random forest said to be distorted? What is the meaning of distortion here?
Do machines using reinforcement learning learn in real-time as they receive rewards and punishments while in operation?
How can I implement deep learning to classify medical literature, based upon some specific contextual-based criteria?
What is the importance of a VC(for Vapnik–Chervonenkis) dimension? How can that be explained in detail?
How do I calculate backpropagation on a global average pooling layer?
What is a “Hierarchical Merge Tree”?
What kind of machine learning platform is Quora using?
Will IIMs be helpfull if I want to start a machine industry?
Where can I download co saliency image pair dataset? The original link is not working.
Which a machine learning approach, would you recommend for accounting docs or OCR classifications?
What are error functions available in machine learning?
What is the mean squared error of linear models of normal noise?
What is the difference between SVMS and MCLP (multi-criteria linear programming)? Why is the latter better, especially RMCLP?
I dream to invent the first artificial superintelligence. What paths should I take?
How is it that Kirk and company could defeat a thinking machine by giving it a talking to?
What are good research-oriented master’s programs for machine learning, deep learning, and NLP in the US (or Canada or the UK) as stepping stones to a PhD?
Is Dlib for Python used as extensively as OpenCV? I find that there is lack of proper documentation of Dlib Python packages, even on its official website.
Is it okay to pick UCSD over UCLA for computer science (undergrad)? I’m interested in machine learning, AI, and entrepreneurship.
What are some well-known clustering methods?
What is the minimum knowledge required to apply for a natural language processing and machine learning post?
Is it OK that the MAE has different results for different cases in a recommender system?
What is the best machine learning classroom courses in Hyderabad?
How do I implement a locality-sensitive hashing?
Signal processing techniques along with machine learning; have been used together for fault diagnosis while ML can do all alone for CBM. Why?
Are there test suites for common NLP tasks?
What is a Semantic-enhanced marginalised stacked denoising autoencoder?
What's an easy way to build a retrieval-based chatbot that learns from responses?
Which school is better for a PhD in ML and AI, the University of Southern California or the University of Wisconsin?
Can machines experience the world?
Is Distill.pub likely to catch on?
What are the pros and cons of using functional programming for machine learning?
What are the dominant machine learning branches today?
What are some of the scenarios where you would use or are using Machine Learning for your C# application?
Where can I get a real suicide note for deep learning purpose?
Why is doubling done with even numbers (8, 10, 12 etc.) and not with odd on a Drawframe machine (textile machine)?
Is there some justification for using Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) rather than Principal component Analysis(PCA)?
How would you describe your passion for machines?
Instead of back propagation, have there been attempts to optimize the weights of neural networks using belief propagation?
Is it possible to learn machine learning and data science through MOOCS and other online sources or should I go for a masters in CS?
How does the agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm rank dimensions for determining similarity?
What is the most recent research on communication protocols using reinforcement learning?
How can I automatically cluster data?
How do I make my own artificial intelligence like Jarvis having deep mind like Google, what programming languages should I have to learn?
Why some model of deep learning based on CPU, others based on gpu?
How is Mathematical Logic used in Computational Linguistics/Natural Language processing?
Should I know data structures and algorithms for an interview for a position in machine/deep learning? I come from EE and haven't studied DS&A
Which definition is correct, machine learning engineer or developer?
How do I perform character-level text classification, using Caffe? I need help with the data preparation steps as well.
Is there any popular deep learning package (e.g. Theano or Caffe) that I can learn and use only with knowledge of coding in Matlab?
What is machine to machine communication, with real life examples?
Are neural networks just linear classifiers linked with nonlinearities?
Where I can get pattern recognition and applications lecture notes for ECE students?
What percentage of time will I spend working on machine learning algorithms as a senior analyst with Dunnhumby if I join the business insights team?
What is the best unsupervised method to find semantic object parts in images?
Ios development or machine learning?
What is a good source or explanation about phoneme error rate (PER) and position-independent error rate, or letter error rate?
How do I learn deep?
What are some research problems in Generative Adversarial Networks?
What should digital Product Designers know about Machine Learning?
Why should we keep on learning when AI will just steal our jobs?
What is a good machine learning algorithm to predict a range of continuous variables?
How can I build an algorithm and learn how to use it for the stock market?
Which university is better for a master's in Computer Science with a specialization in Machine Learning, UCLA or University of Toronto?
Is Abstract Algebra and Real Analysis used in Machine Learning? If so, how are they used?
Can you recommend a great set of YouTube videos on machine learning and neural networks targeted at beginners?
What are the best papers on neural network memories?
How I can do research about depression when my major is computer vision and machine learning?
How do I use identity function in OpenCV for building a neural network?
Which machine algorithms can we use in case of retail transaction data apart from association rules and clustering?
Is it possible to predict one's strength and weakness with machine learning?
What is the full form of AUC in AUC status of AKTU exam results?
What do you think of the MSc of Machine learning at UCL, Is it more of a professional or academic (preparing for PhD) degree?
Is machine learning and artificial intelligence capable of automating automation?
How is the part-time MTech in machine learning at M. S. Ramaiah University, Bangalore?
How do I perform binary time series classification in real time on a small embedded device?
Which method of deep learning can you recommend for unsupervised learning to detect anomalies?
Should I learn Scala for big data and machine learning?
As an undergraduate student, what is the best way to learn machine learning?
How do I compute precision and recall for classification, where both classes are equally important?
How do I integrate ML & AI on my omnichannel retail app?
Can you recommend some good books, blogs, articles, and papers dedicated to model ensembles and especially model stacking, a.k.a hybrid model ensembles?
Does general adversarial network require more hardware than neural networks that uses discriminative model only?
How can I know the best quantity for epoch and batch size for deep autoencoder?
How do I generate qualitatively different sequences such that the quadratic variation grows sublinearly?
What is the definition of a "Bayesian prior"?
Can machine learning be considered a living thing/organism?
Where actually is "learning" in Machine Learning?
What are some off-the-shelf solutions providers in AI & ML for retail?
What are the features of a BS4 engine?
What is a good intersection between Neural Networks and Computational Neuroscience to write a bachelor’s thesis on in Math?
Is machine learning going to overthrow dynamical system?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
How does RPN work on the Faster R-CNN?
Do you think Pytorch will be more poplar than Tensorflow?
What can machine learning teach us about learning?
How much would getting an MS in Computer Science from a top university help me land a job as a machine learning engineer?
What are the ways to do data engineering if we have a large dataset with many attributes?
Is it correct to say that xgboost is an algorithm or is it just a package?
What should I do if my job doesn't align with my interests, which is in AI/machine learning?
How do I make decision using Machine learning?
What are some good universities across the United States that offer Master’s degree courses for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
What are some good undergrad level Machine Learning courses? Where can I find their syllabus to design this course for such programs?
When do machine parts get unbalanced?
Is it possible to improve the HOG method for classification in gait recognition?
How do I determine distance from device to image captured using machine learning techniques?
How can we improve machine learning applications in scientific domains like Climate Science which are limited by the quality of data?
Is transductive learning a popular technique in machine learning?
What are the best sources to study machine learning for practical purposes (not just the plain theory, but to be able to build real software)?
What is PredictionIO?
What are the big-O notations from these ML techniques?
What are some good resources to learn the necessary mathematics for machine learning and NLP?
Does TensorFlow have a function similar to Theano.tensor.ge (x,threshold)?
Should I learn machine learning, cloud development or game development in Unity as a college freshman?
What is Manhattan LSTM?
Are there any beginner open source machine learning projects I can get involved in?
Where can I find machine learning dashboards to test all the recent developments?
What is the process of building up high quality datasets at Kaggle?
How do I understand whether a particular problem can be solved by machine learning?
Why do people use Scala for machine learning? Doesn't making everything an immutable object make it slow?
Can I run clustering with features like account balance, # trades and age? Is the euclidean distance calculated right or should I normalize the data?
How do the optimizers of TensorFlow recognize which variables need to be updated without any parameters to indicate?
What are the differences between sentiment analysis and semantic analysis?
How do we choose tuning parameters in prediction algorithms?
For a 1 lakh INR budget, what laptop should I buy if my main focus is running machine learning algorithms, internet surfing, and watching HD videos?
Where can I find a small dataset?
How do I process input data when using a Gaussion RBM? Should I normalize the data to a zero mean unit variance?
What is the effect on choosing a different number for abstract object input in supervised learning?
What is the best deep learning book for a beginner looking for a holistic overview?
Can you have two different GPUs in the same machine/deep learning system?
Is squashing pixels of images to values b/w 0 and 1 as a preprocessing step enough for all deep learning problems?
Is anyone using unsupervised machine learning to take data storage distribution decisions?
How did Mark Zuckerberg and Adam D’Angelo make Synapse without all these modern machine learning and AI tools like Tensorflow and R-caret?
Is there any good open data for a comparison between K-Nearest Neighbour and Naive Bayes?
Does knowledge in machine learning help in raising kids?
Can we predict the size of the deep learning model for a limited target system?
What exactly is a machine? Can a device like anemometer be called a machine? When do you say it's an apparatus or equipment?
Can the Tesla Vision neural network learn passively in "shadow mode"?
How can we use machine learning to help in treating sickle cell disease?
What do you think about using .ai domain instead of .com to start a project using Machine Learning?
What are some books, articles or courses, about machine learning from a UX point of view?
What are Bayesian prior and posterior distributions? What are their roles in neural nets?
Is there any implementation for incremental feature learning based on LS-SVM? Or is there anyone who can help me to reimplement it?
Which one is the most popular (and powerful) library for deep neural net in r?
Where is Deep Learning applied in India?
What are the "atoms" within Dirichlet Process mixtures?
What are the best universities in Canada/Australia that offer master’s degrees in Machine Learning? Are they better than the top US universities?
How do I create a dataset as a database for a signature recognition system CSV file?
How do I get into AI and ML?
What is word alignment in the natural language processing domain?
What are some applications of machine learning and AI, for space-based remote sensing data and GIS?
Is there order among different features maps of Convolutional Neural Networks?
How do I prepare textual data (text format files and labels) for textual classification in TensorFlow or a recurrent neural network?
How do you only train a specific layer of a CNN model so as to "speed up" training?
What is the use of k-means clustering? Where is it applied?
What are resources for learning Machine Learning with Unity3D?
What is the algorithm for the tf-idf method based on measuring a trajectory?
What problems or datasets are there where using momentum gives better results than using a plain SGD?
What should I look for when buying a computer for running Machine Learning experiments?
What are the steps you should take before performing multiple regression on a large data set?
How do I deal with a deep thinking girlfriend?
What's the difference between AllreduceRing and AllreduceTree?
Where can I get a data set for street dogs, pigs and cattle?
How can I implement an enemy AI in Unity3D that learns?
Would you like to share your story of how you learned machine learning?
What are the good books on image reconstruction using principal component analysis in MATLAB?
Are there any modern neural networks that are fundamentally similar to Hopfield Networks?
Why don't we take the derivative of gradient descent?
Is it possible to determine how much a neural network "learns" from a given datapoint in the training set?
If two "paths" give the same total reward, can the model be forced to learn that the shorter "path" is better?
How do I identify controversial news using sentiment analysis?
Is Bidirectional RNN available in Tensorflow now?
What is the best reference in machining ''manufacturing methods"?
Which is more important: choosing a good prediction algorithm or choosing the tuning parameters within a given algorithm?
What is the detailed math behind weight optimization in artificial neural networks?
What are some of the good resources on adaptive machine learning? Not just theory but possibly code, too.
Can machine learning be used to decide the best type of analysis for a given data-set?
How can I see which segments of demographic categorical variables in Excel were most profitable?
Where can I find a >1K dataset of annotated images (pictures > scans) of store receipts?
Why can’t generated data from GAN train the network?
What kind of classification algorithm in ML would be best to train several batches of approximately 11 numbers? The output is 1 or 0.
Which is the best graduate level reference for statistical learning?
What are the open areas in feature selection with Neural Networks for text data?
What is the difference between POS Tag and Named Entity Recognition?
How do I interpret PCA correlation circle?
How can I generate a high level feature map from images using CNN?
What is an in-house dataset?
When you integrate the likelihood with respect to the parameter in a Bayesian context, should it sum to one?
How do I choose the number of hidden layers for a recurrent neural network?
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?
What is a “canopy clustering” algorithm and how does a canopy clustering algorithm work?
How do you tell the difference between an underachiever or a student with a learning difficulty?
How can we improve the D/L method for use in T20 cricket?
Which neural network framework is the best, Keras, Torch or Caffe?
Can fine-tuning a pretrained DL model outperform a domain-specific customized CNN model?
What is the decision boundary for logistic regression on unbalanced data?
What are some of the best ways to learn R?
What is the difference between regression evaluation metrics and k-fold cross validation?
What does "Deep" really mean in Deep Learning?
Where can I find computer science book (like related to AI, machine learning, hacking, db, algo etc) store in Bangalore?
What do I have to do to be a multi-talented person?
Can you use Keras to train a machine learning model to detect a soccer player? The model should be able to tell which team the detected player belongs to.
What are the factors that affect the error rate in the KNN algorithm?
As Word2vec can help produce word embeddings, what models can create vector representations for different types of data like music or videos?
Imagine that the given data that is not easily separable. When should we opt for more Slack rather than going for a more complex model and vice versa?
Does any other clustering algorithm take correlation as a distance metric?
What is the connection between topological data analysis and machine learning?
Which research groups are working on deep learning at Purdue?
How can I train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to recognize noisy characters?
How are weights trained in a convolutional network?
How useful is this site for beginners in NLP if they have some experience with neural networks?http://cs224d.stanford.edu/syllabus.html
Has there been any research on redundant representations for deep learning computation?
What are some real-time examples of machine learning?
Which IITs offer M.Tech and Ph.D courses in machine learning and artificial intelligence?
How is Gaussian Process regression better than cubic spline for prediction?
Regarding Machine Learning (text classification), is it better to have a bigger vocabulary?
Can machine learning techniques be used to develop a better understanding of quantum mechanics?
What are best sources to learn applying PCA (Principal Component Analysis) and CA (Correspondence Analysis) step by step, using R or Python?
How do I learn deep?
What data can I use, and how can I use it, in a commercial deep learning application?
Is it possible to model feelings using deep learning?
How do I start my career as a data scientist/machine learning from a IT Infrastructure Program Manager (Data Center)?
What are real-time examples of feature subset selection in data mining?
How do I get the source code of LibSVM? Is SVM.cpp all that’s needed or is there something else?
How do I check if the distribution of two datasets are similar or not?
When assessing whether a GPU's memory is large enough for the data and model being used in a neural network, how can you accurately calculate this?
Is Microsoft's CNTK underratted?
Will you learn MLJAR or H2O.ai (sparkling water) or any other?
How can I compute HOG vectors for a data set and save them for future use using Python?
Does the brain have algorithms?
How could a PhD in bioinformatics do a postdoc in AI or computer science?
Is there any deep learning model for question answer retrieval?
What's the difference between AllreduceRing and AllreduceTree?
How can I implement a lasagne layer whose output shape depends on the input value and not the input shape?
Which Turkish startups are offering summer internships related to optimisation algorithms and/or machine learning?
What's the algorithm behind pocket scraping?
How can anyone learn Machine Learning and Data Science from an absolute beginner and get a job in India?
What is the explanation behind output of Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
What influence does the black space which appears during the rotation of the image on CNN have?
Is there any way of doing text classification having 4 levels in the target variable?
Is IIIT Bangalore good to go to for an online certification course for machine learning?
Why is the mean squared error equivalent to minimizing the cross-entropy between the empirical distribution and a Gaussian model?
Why is the creation of data sets important for the evaluation of an IDS?
How many weak classifiers does a cascade classifier need?
How does L2 heatmap regression differ from pixel-wise cross-entropy, and what are the advantages of the former?
How do you interpret the results from R after analysis is done in organisations?
Can machine learning be used to improve the situation of farmers in developing countries? If yes, then what would be your approach?
How do I create a final year project on Machine learning?
What is noise accumulation in high dimensional data?
What do you think about artificial intelligence?
How is Google's progress on including image recognition in its primary search engine?
Does partitioning data to train and test data influence the accuracy?
What does functional classification mean?
How does an expert data scientist go about a machine learning problem? Can you explain step by step?
Could facial recognition software be used to identify different livestock, such as individual hogs or cows?
What should I do find website elements on the screen of the website page?
Is there a free alternative to bigml.com?
How do I find optimal hyperplane for data points (1,1) (2,1) (1,-1) (2,-1) (4,0) (5,1) (5,-1) (6,0)?
What do you think about artificial intelligence and is it worth developing?
Which universities are good for a PhD in data analytics or machine learning? I have done my master’s in CS with a 3.33 GPA and a GRE of 294. Would I get funding?
What are the things you need to learn to become an AI scientist?
Can machines experience the world?
Which ML beginner project can I build to support my application to a university program in machine learning?
What are the organisations that come under Google Summer of Code for data science and machine learning?
For which tasks, or across which dimensions, is the difference between human and machine intelligence greatest?
Are you in the AUC?
With machine learning moving so fast, why are the deadlines for major conferences like NIPS still more than six months before the conference?
Is Veritas Cluster best for a career?
How do I get a mining machine if I want to mine BTC in Gujarat?
How could I get a job at Amazon as an SDE?
Is it a good time to plan for masters in machine learning from USA?
"How to apply machine learning with ArcSight Common Event Format type of log data file." What can I learn from such logs, and how can I pre-process them?
Why should I learn machine learning's mathematics if I can use any framework doing all that internally?
How does back propagation work in a biological neural network?
What are the best programming languages to build an AI with, specifically a feedforward neural network?
What is computer vision?
When does Ravindrababu Ravula's classroom coaching startsfor ML and IOT, and where is the class room located in Hyderabad?
What are some examples of artificial Intelligence that are not Machine Learning?
How does Google use Google Books to advance its NLP, and particularly NLU techniques?
How is reinforcement used for non-differentiable functions in neural network training?
How feasible is the machine learning application in healthcare?
What are the topics in artificial intelligence?
How can I cope with learning Data Science?
How are programs or software able to change the working of a computer or any machine?
How do I train a classifier with images using scikit-learn in Python 3.5?
I have 4 months to learn data science/machine learning. What do I do?
What is the best online course for machine learning for a complete beginner in this field?
Why aren't machine learning experts called machine teachers?
How do I develop a smart app that will generate natural language text to a SQL query?
What are the most important skills that one needs to succeed in quantitative finance?
What hyper-parameter algorithms can be used for association rule analysis?
Should I start my career as a data scientist at a startup or as an SDE at an MNC?
Could Google create a chatbot with their neural network?
What is the full form of AUC in AUC status of AKTU exam results?
What field should I choose in order to study artificial intelligence?
What's the easiest way for someone with very little programming experience to experiment with neural networks?
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?
Are there any solutions for anaphora resolutions in sentiment analysis?
What is the best phaco machine in the basic range?
Can LibSVM be used for classifying patterns from a set of data?
What is a successful research process in machine learning?
How can the axiomatic fuzzy set be used for feature selection?
This is an example of the ID3 algorithm. How is the decision tree generated and what does “temperature as ref attribute” mean?
Are there any open source state-machine editors?
Are PGMs essential for deep learning?
How can I get involved in medical research with a background as a programmer, in order to help to find solutions for different diseases?
Is the combination of induction and abduction reasoning part of symbolic machine learning approaches?
Is stochastic gradient descent unbiased if I run through the epoch and simply shuffle the data before?
Will IIMs be helpfull if I want to start a machine industry?
How do I identify controversial news using sentiment analysis?
How can I increase my accuracy when working on MatConvNet CNN?
How do I learn deep learning in 1 month?
Can someone illustrate the implementation of an artificial neural network for Twitter data classification?
On average, how many papers does a PhD student publish as the first author in top journals/conferences?
How can I make a bot that can answer "What is something?" or "Who is someone?" type of questions?
How do I start research using machine learning with Python?
Is knowing Python well enough to be a software engineer in machine learning?
Why is NVIDIA hiring machine learning engineers?
How do I find a hidden number?
What kind of software can build a model of a machine’s arm and a model of a space settlement?
What are the latest research ideas related to machine learning?
Do I need to learn Backpropagation even though I use frameworks like Tensorflow to do the training?
How can machine learning be used in software related to tennis?
Is machine learning and artificial intelligence going to change the computer and networking job market in the next 4–5 years?
What is the optimal way to store and load a huge images dataset?
What do I have to learn before pursuing a data science course?
Is it possible to compete in the ImageNet Challenge as an individual? How much of an investment would it require in terms of resources?
What is the difference between a neural network, back propagation, convolutional network, deep learning, and extreme learning?
Are there any artificial intelligence projects that focus on closed captioning?
What API or open source software can I use to convert an image to a text?
How would I do regression to find a fit for the best-fit Möbius transform?
What are the required skills for an entry-level machine learning/deep learning engineer?
What is permutation importance in a random forest? How is it calculated, with an example?
What is the difference between Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence?
What’s the simplest approach to learn deep learning?
How do I build a sentence recommendation using TensorFlow?
Is there any good, easy to use image classification software?
Can a machine act intelligently?
Which one is a better choice for a business graduate to learn in terms of their career, data science or machine learning?
What is dataset in networking?
What are some final year projects using Raspberry Pi and machine learning?
Has anyone tried any machine learning in Qur'an?
How can a credit card company work with deep learning?
How is the machine learning course at VIT Vellore?
Is there a platform to register to find out about machine learning, conferences, workshops, jobs, and other activities?
Will machine learning and AI make democracy obsolete?
Is there an OCR library that can recognize text from images (not just scans)?
Population k-means clustering on a map. How can I prevent clusters from being split by seas?
What is the best way to do transfer learning with TensorFlow?
When do you use an ML model's error function vs. the accuracy/confusion matrix?
Is Abstract Algebra and Real Analysis used in Machine Learning? If so, how are they used?
Is AI very tough to learn?
Are any startups hiring deep learning/machine learning candidates who don’t have experience in these fields but want to learn?
How can middle and back office operations of hedge fund be replaced by AI based service?
Is there any balanced accuracy metric to evaluate multi class classifier?
If an AI had access to all internet feeds, would it be possible for the machine to predict market prices?
What's the easiest big data tool which can be used for machine learning?
What are the best automated machines for producing apparel?
How can you improve an audio file’s quality with neural networks?
If a post-intelligence explosion Artificial General Intelligence was created with the objective to destroy all humans, what would it do?
What is an example as to what TensorFlow Squeeze does?
Is there something like Kaggle for natural language procsessing?
How do I perform DAGSVM in R?
Where can I learn more about Wells Fargo’s machine learning and AI projects?
What are the best books for neural network which are very simple?
What is the best follow up book for NPTEL IIT Kharagpur neural network course?
How does one compare vectors of different sizes in TensorFlow?
Are character sets machine-dependent or language-dependent?
What are some "Python machine learning daily challenge" websites?
What is the role of a fully connected layer in a deep neural network?
How can I learn about machine learning on my own?
Is it possible to torture a machine learning algorithm?
What's a useful multivariate data set for a class project?
In Caffe, what are the differences between these commands?
What stream should I choose in my master’s if I want to excel in Data Structures and Algorithms, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
Will you share your Dear John / Jane letter, email or text message?
What recently published work is comparable to Statistical Mechanics of Learning (Engel & Van den Broeck)?
Which one is a better choice? Working in a product company or pursuing a PhD in Machine Intelligence?
What are some of the books that explain analytics and machine learning in a simple way?
What is this procedure of extracting info froms forms called as in NLP?
How do the optimizers of TensorFlow recognize which variables need to be updated without any parameters to indicate?
How do I get started with Machine Learning? How do I build better logic? What materials are good for beginners?
What are some examples of knowledge representation and logic in artificial intelligence?
Does TensorFlow have a function similar to Theano.tensor.ge (x,threshold)?
Should I do a PhD in Machine Learning in an unknown school where the lab is great?
What kind of job opportunities are there in Dubai for a software engineer with 15 years of work experience (in test automation and machine learning)?
How can a software developer start learning and implementing Machine Learning?
What have we learned from chatbots communicating in (natural) language semantics?
How do I start machine learning and artificial intelligence from scratch?
Who are the NLP and Machine Learning experts?
How do human beings perceive names of brands or products (simple, moderate, complex), as per psychology? Where can I find data sets for this?
Why is it not possible to train a deep neural network to 100% accuracy?
Is shifting from Data Science to ML/AI feasible?
Do we really expect people to learn a new profession when they are replaced by machines?
What books do you recommend for making excavation or mining machines?
Which companies are using machine learning?
Any good tutorial for digits (Nvidia) for classification?
Is it possible to train a neural network to maximize a likelihood function different from cross entropy and squared error?
Is it better to do machine learning with NumPy or TensorFlow?
Is observing if the residuals behave randomly a good way to evaluate a machine learning model?
What are the benefits of using Linear regression over other regression algorithms such as LASSO?
Which course is better for machine learning and data science for an MS in NCSU?
What is the difference between Bias and Variance?
What is moving average algorithm? How can we use if for CPU performance? Is there any unknown application of this algorithm?
Why, if the input is pictured as empty, does the CNN LeNet-5 not detect this?
Is Håkon Hapnes a self taught machine learning engineer?
What are examples of image classifiers that can extract primary and secondary hex values from a specified object in a picture?
Why should we keep on learning when AI will just steal our jobs?
Is there a paper/library which compares and clusters videos based on similarity of content, title, person in video, topic discussed, place, etc.?
How can someone go about moving to machine learning while leveraging their existing C++ skillset?
Can a machine learning model completely replace a rules based system?
Why would someone use a decision tree-based regression model?
What is the difference between minimum distance and k-nearest neighbor?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
Do people who work in the field of AI research and development worry about the Roko's Basilisk theory?
Do we think about Hoeffding's inequality when developing a machine learning model?
Which brand of fat analysis weighing machines is the most accurate and is good?
How I can do research about depression when my major is computer vision and machine learning?
What is the best library for machine learning for C#?
What if we used linear activation instead of softmax as the output layer?
What do you think of the MSc of Machine learning at UCL, Is it more of a professional or academic (preparing for PhD) degree?
Do you find it odd that Maximum Likelihood estimation was popularly used like a heuristic before a proof that justified its usage in statistics?
How can I learn artificial intelligence in 1,000 hours?
How could Neuralink prevent a bad artificial Intelligence outcome?
How does Federated Learning work?
How can I learn ML from scratch?
Would it be possible for a program to predict an entire sentence given only the first letters of each word?
Does empirical risk minimization work the same way for recurrent neural networks (RNNs) as for feedforward neural networks?
How do I get Summer Research Internship in Stanford University for Machine Learning?
Why a new algorithm for Indian Railways have not been proposed by anyone?
How do you use deep learning for action recognition?
How can I train in a spatial transform network?
When should I use Metaheuristics optimization?
What are examples of machine learning used in mobile sports apps?
How do I analyse machine downtime?
What are self-training neural network?
What are some good Python packages for sequence mining?
What areas of math are useful for deep learning with provable guarantees? What are some good intro papers to this area?
How do I evaluate training accuracy for a neural network with one hidden layer?
What are some of the good master’s degrees in machine learning in Paris?
When (which year) does IIIT Hyderabad introduce CSE students to AI and ML?
What is the process planning in machining of components?
What are some good references to use for the use of deep learning in protein structure prediction?
Why is your average person not conscientious as it concerns learning to better problem solve? What are the consequences of this for us as a species?
Are numerical optimization and convex optimization closely related to machine learning?
Is there any PhD Programs in the U.S with a dual focus on Nuclear Engineering and Machine Learning?
How should I choose a proper activation function for the neural network?
Why would we want neuron outputs to be zero centered in neural networks?
Why are deep learning architectures like CNN, Faster R-CNN, or SSD open to all? Why can't these people get these architectures patented?
How can I improve my knowledge in machine learning?
Are artificial neural networks a best fit for photo matching?
Is there a prerequisite for ML & deep learning? Have you worked on it?
What is a deep learning platform?
What is the principle of deep learning?
Can one develop a chat bot using Tensorflow? If yes, how do I start coding on the same one?
Is a Mandelbrot set in TensorFlow easy to understand and execute?
Are there any examples of machine learning applications used to improve athletes performances in sports?
How would you describe your passion for machines?
What can prevent generative adversarial networks from generating speech samples from only noise as an input?
How does one identify interaction terms in linear regression?
Would such a novel innovative product be useful for data science?
If one has not already shared and equalized wealth, isn't that proof the same will not share and equalize AI?
Does Vanilla RNN cause only a gradient vanishing problem (not exploding)?
How can we survive the age of intelligent machines?
How relevant are the data mining techniques to detect an anomaly or fraudulent transactions in the era of deep learning?
How do we intuitively understand piecewise exponential regression? How do we apply it in R? What are some examples?
What books does Ravindra Babu Ravula Sir recommend before joining a machine learning online course, especially in mathematics?
How can we make a good prediction using MXNet R deep learning?
What problem does Residual Nets solve that batch normalization does not solve?
Do social system designers need machine learning backgrounds?
What is the future of Machine Learning, AI and Robotics?
What is the accuracy of detecting emotions and sentiments from Speech Recognition in artificial Intelligence?
I got an admit from UBC but I want to pursue Deep Learning? What is the scope of Deep Learning at UBC?
What should I do to understand the maths and algorithms behind back propagation, CNN and RNN?
What is a time delay in a recurrence plot?
What is the difference between Manifold Learning and Dimensionality Reduction?
Is there any popular deep learning package (e.g. Theano or Caffe) that I can learn and use only with knowledge of coding in Matlab?
How can I switch career to Machine Learning?
Is there any internship for artificial intelligence Mumbai?
What is the advantage of achieving deep learning in Hilbert spaces?
What are the pros and cons of these three sequence models: MaxEnt Markov Model, Conditional random fields, and recurrent neural networks?
What is Recurrent Reinforcement Learning?
What is the future of deep learning? Are most machine learning experts turning to deep learning?
How can I test a trained neural network with a target data?
What would be the most difficult data set depicting an IT problem to train our AI engine on?
Should a neural network model be evaluated based on percentage of forecasts that do a correct prediction, instead of measures based on error terms?
I have an MD and I got accepted in a MSc. in Bioinformatics. Can anyone tell me more about Bioinformatics in terms of academic prospects and topics?
Is it necessary to implement ML algorithms from scratch (like SVM)?
How did Alpha Go defeat Ke Jie in Game 1?
How is machine learning being used in game development today? What applications might we see over the next 10 years?
Is GPU-accelerated Machine Learning possible using a Free Software graphics driver?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
For artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, and IoT, which is the best programming language?
What's the problem with continuous training in TensorFlow?
Why is it a bad idea to use a step function as an activation function in a neural network?
How can we interpret the coefficient for certain independent variable in simple linear regression and for the same one in multiple linear regression?
Which classification algorithm would you recommend for multiclass classification where the number of classes is large?
When working on CSV files, which one is the best practice, imputing missing values on pandas DataFrame, or NumPy array?
Which paper talks about how IBM Watson question-answering works?
I'm interested in artificial Intelligence, where should I begin?
How do I check the accuracy of text files?
Is pre-training still necessary on deep Boltzmann machines? How effective are they nowadays?
What is a research topic you suggest for a school project about applying artificial intelligence and machine learning in security?
At what age did Håkon Hapnes Strand get into machine learning?
How do I break into machine learning for the industry?
What are the semantic models except word2vec and what are their benefits?
What are the technologies in artificial Intelligence other than NLP, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Image and Video processing?
Did you ever try a convolution neural network without pooling or size reduction? How did it perform?
Why do l need to apply PCA whitening to my images (black and white) before training my convolutional neural network (CNN)?
How does NLP work?
How is cluster-level FWE correction implemented in SPM8?
What does Ravindra Babu Ravula suggest for a final year B.Tech student, to take GATE or to learn machine learning from you?
How can I make a bot that can be trained to play simple games using Python?
Should we shut down all military AI-systems until we study that field enough?
Is it in any way impressive to invent neural networks at 15?
Can you explain me about machine learning? What is the scope of machine learning?
What is a good approach to learn from a semi-large inaccurate dataset and a small accurate one?
How can I prepare for a master’s in deep learning/machine learning in India/abroad being a mechanical engineering student at a tier 2 college?
Can I make a neural network for image recognition all by myself?
What is the commutative model and general model of polyphase filter implementation of interpolation?
If you had a brainwashing machine who would you use it on?
How can I implement a logistic tree model (LMT) to solve a classification problem using scikit-learn?
What are the dominant machine learning branches today?
What is covariance? What is its significance?
Is it possible to detect an APT based on its NetFlow data alone?
How do I deal with a lot (more than half) of missing value?
Does Google Neural Machine Translation constantly improve itself?
Is there an algorithm in ML or AI to convert undeterministic algorithms to deterministic ones?
What is state of the art in text classification?
Which is better for deep learning: SSH or cloud services?
What is the disadvantage of running neural networks slower than real time?
What jobs are available if you learn machine learning or deep learning?
How do I aim for a PhD in Deep Learning from a reputed college like CMU, MIT etc.?
What is Machine Learning, and where can I start learning it from?
How can I compute cosine similarity between short document and topics estimated from LDA?
Are computers considered machines?
Is there any good Machine Learning summer schools in Europe this year (2017)?
Do you think that creating complete human level artificial intelligence is ever possible? If not, to what extent is it actually possible?
What is a good textbook for regression analysis?
What are common and well-known benchmark datasets for time series/sequential data modelling (prediction plus classification)?
Why is drop connect not used as often as dropout in deep learning?
What does Thomas Cormen think about artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep neural networks?
What is the best way to learn CUDA C programming to implement new deep learning ideas?
Is there any available research article in machine learning with implementation (code in Weka)?
Which clustering algorithm considered fast for high dimensional attributes like DNA microarray?
If we were using a non-linear SVM, what are the hyper-parameters? How would we choose the corresponding hyper-parameters? (reference functions used)
How much time do I need to learn everyday if want to become a machine learning engineer in 1 year?
What are the conditions so that two surfaces are orthogonal at a point using gradient?
What is the best and fastest way to make multi-labeling for data set?
Should one invest in learning IBM's Watson? Or is it being replaced by Google's or Amazon's machine learning capabilities?
What are some recommendations and resources to learn Mechatronics, Robotics and Artificial Intelligence from scratch online?
From the viewpoint of a computer engineer, how much can a college student learn during summer vacations?
Can a EEE graduate do an M.Tech in machine learning and soft computing?
Is there order among different features maps of Convolutional Neural Networks?
How do I write a program in Standard ML?
In TensorFlow, with a tensor of (X,Y) (? is batch dimension), how can you calculate the nth moment about the mean along dimensions X for samples Y?
How does one deal with categorical features in a Gaussian mixture model/clustering model?
Is there a way to extract the learned features from a CNN or a Neural Network in general?
Which option is better for a 3rd year computer engineering student, taking an internship even if it is not compulsory or starting a course on machine learning?
How do I get certified online in machine learning?
What is the difference between stateful and stateless learning in LSTM?
How will Payments World be influenced by artificial intelligence and machine learning?
Is there a recent implementation available of a text-to-speech neural network that may be used to play around with?
What are the best graduate schools for studying machine learning outside USA, Canada and UK?
What beats deep learning technology in AI?
Why don't we take the derivative of gradient descent?
How do I compare between artificial neural networks?
Is Andrew Ng’s Machine Learning course still recommended for someone who is new to machine learning?
Can I use the output from softmax to compute an ROC curve in binary classification with a two output neuron?
What, in Dr. Sidran's opinion, are the areas of studies in which machine learning is currently most in demand?
How can I calculate the model complexity of linear regression with 100 points in 2 dimensions?
Where can I get machine learning/artificial intelligence resumes?
What are some of the best schools outside of the USA to study natural language processing? How do they compare to the top US schools for NLP?
How are Neural Turing Machines differentiable end-to-end?
What does it mean for a function to be smooth in a neural networks context?
What is the state-of-the-art machine learning technology for sentence simplification?
How do I extract features from a plain text when the location in text differs? For example, parse job descriptions cluster them by similarity.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of fully connected layers in convolutional neural network?
How do I create a hierarchical representation of a set of objects using a neural network?
What are good references for learning matrix low-rank factorization?
What is zero-centering (data preprocessing technique)?
Could someone use artificial intelligence to alter the Law of Attraction for themselves like a wish machine?
In supervised machine learning problems, will the ratio of positive/negative examples impact the AUC (area under the curve)?
Is an Asus GL702VM-GC104T laptop good for deep learning?
How do I justify the performance of a customized Deep Learning (CNN) Model?
How many parameters need to be estimated to detect an ellipse in an image for the Hough transform?
Is data science and machine learning a breakway from traditional path of software engineering career?
How do I apply machine learning in route planning?
Is neural network for classification in essential a line-fitting problem or clustering problem?
Is GitHub or GitLab better suited for a data science/ML company?
How is analogy analogous to intelligence?
How is Impala in the bracket of traditional MPP, and why is it mentioned that it is good for small data sets than Hive?
How can I classify the sound of metal and a plastic using neural networks?
Which deep learning libraries use an AMD-based GPU for machine learning?
How can I convert from continuous to categorical variables?
How do I train a Tensorflow Neural Network on my own data?
Which is the highest efficient machine?
How Can I get into stream of ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE?
Why does matrix factorization get better results when it's implemented in Python?
How can I use deep neural network in maintenance decision making?
How is NLP?
How can I divide intervals of continuous variables for Classification and regression Tree?
How is AI or ML used in determining credit card APRs?
How can a high schooler freshman learn machine learning? How could he do a science fair project with machine learning?
Can I call it a PhD in Computer Vision & Machine Learning if I only applied these concepts to an automation problem in Civil Engineering?
Why is artificial intelligence related to robotics if it (machine learning for AI) cannot be programmed or used in the same way as in robotics?
How do I train 1000 samples of wind series with wavelet neural networks in MATLAB for better prediction?
What classifier to choose if the training data is severely corrupted?
What are the best implementations of machine learning?
Why has OpenAI been so effective?
How can industrial engineers be part of the next industrial revolution, i.e artificial intelligence?
What are some examples where deep learning is used in field of geometry?
What applications is Machine Learning applied to for banks and insurance Companies?
What's the importance of learning limits; does it have an application in industry?
What are the differences between the approaches of the major tech companies to machine learning?
Is it actually possible to use off-the-shelf machine learning classifiers such as SVM or Random Forest to accurately predict stock direction?
What are the differences between sentiment analysis and semantic analysis?
What basic maths should one know before starting machine learning?
What class of predictors can Wiener, LMS, and RLS be classified within?
What is the price list of HMT Machine Tools canteens for employees and apprentice personnel?
Is a one-layer neural network still useful for complex applications?
Have you used Machine Learning or Deep Learning? What was good and bad about your experience?
Does the measure of variability of a data set correspond to the measure of center? If so, how?
What are some advancements in threat intelligence that resulted from advances in machine learning?
Is Spark or Java/C++ experience more important for entry-level machine learning jobs?
What is meant by Big Data for Machine Learning?
How should I start with deep learning in data mining?
What is more important: artificial intelligence or machine learning?
Will it be beneficial for me to go for an MS with a specialization in machine learning, once I complete my masters?
What is multi-modal learning in the context of machine learning?
How can I do grid, random search, and Bayesian optimization for hyper parameters in scikit-learn?
How do I calculate the class probability of unlabeled data in a support Vector Machine in a semi-supervised learning environment?
What are some best websites to learn Machine Learning?
How do software engineers use machine learning?
Which one is the best for studying machine learning, Coursera or Udacity?
Which are some good tutorials on understanding fraud detection using machine learning or data mining?
What are the ways to select a landmark in SVM?
Which is better in terms of earning, placement, and scope, etc., machine learning, programming data science, or game developer?
How can I start learning about neural networks and machine learning concepts and put them into real life use without knowing advanced mathematics?
What is the proven best way to switch one’s career path from software development to data science/analytics/machine learning in Bangalore, India?
Is there any impact force on machine tools of CNC machines?
How can I identify images that contain handwritten characters?
Can one set up deep learning implementations (like TensorFlow) remotely via SSH into Amazon/Google Cloud?
What software is available for information retrieval?
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine?
Who is the best Machine Learning mentor in New York?
What are the machine learning programming languages I can learn?
What is the most general model of RNN?
What is "dark data" with regard to AI?
How do I use mel-spectrogram as the input of a CNN?
How do I specify if I want to run a Caret package function for classification or regression?
In 2017, what's the best open-source speech recognition library that uses the latest results from research, especially in deep learning?
How will ontology and knowledge graphs be helpful for context creation in chatbots?
How much impact will machine learning/A.I. have on music production?
Why do some professors say that they never really understood math or statistics until they first taught a course on that subject?
Can deep learning algorithms ever properly be explainable in simple enough terms that their decisions can be scrutinised?
How would a future business/enterprise be different? How will emerging technologies like AI impact the way a company will be run in the future?
When should we use local regression?
What are some simple yet useful algorithms for Java?
Which is more worthwhile - a PhD in economics or machine learning?
Can one become equally skillful in data science, machine learning, programming, and entrepreneurship?
Which deep learning net should I use for generating a high level feature map?
How does one train the computer in deep learning?
Where do I find a notebook or example of Kohonen Maps for non-image - unsupervised learning?
What are some topics or questions one should focus on when preparing for an interview for an entry-level job in Deep Learning and Machine Learning?
Can we develop a techology by using machine learning algorithms so that our soldiers at our borders will be able to stop infiltration without losing their lives?
Do all software developer need to learn Machine learning and AI?
What are relevant papers for autograding text based content, using natural language processing techniques?
What does it mean by “end to end trainable neural network”?
Given a feedforward NN with low training accuracy (thus low test accuracy), how can I improve the training accuracy (and hopefully the test accuracy)?
How is machine learning applied in Google Wind?
How do I learn to implement machine learning algorithms?
What is the importance of machine learning for pursuing a BTech graduate degree in computer science?
What is a good resource to get an introduction to collaborative filtering?
Which is best for machine learning, AI, and robotics, for a good future and a good job opportunity, Python or JavaScript?
What are the applications of machine learning in optometry and vision sciences?
How do I create a new format for images compressed using auto encoders or other deep learning techniques? What does this representation look like?
How can I apply a cross-validation technique in an LSTM model?
As Business analyst does one should know all the theory behind a ML algorithm or just the basic understanding of its working and code implementation?
What are the best way to start implement a neural network?
What productivity tools do you use on your machines that most people don't?
What bootcamps and courses are available on competitive programming, machine learning, interview preparation, or game development, etc. in India?
Does a machine learning internship play any role in getting a placement?
What is the best cloud computing platform for learning deep learning?
If you perform all possible subset regressions on a regression with 9 explanatory variables, how many regressions would you perform?
Has anyone encountered a case where the momentum weight updating in neural networks converged too soon, and led to worse results than a simple gradient descent would have?
What's an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?
Why do capillaries have a single layer of epithelium?
What are the best practices for continuous integration for machine learning application?
How does tf.slice work in TensorFlow?
What is machine learning with a TensorFlow course?
How does SNA (Social Network Analysis) used to combat fraud or fraudulent transaction?
Why do students lose interest in learning?
What are resources for learning Machine Learning with Unity3D?
What machine learning algorithms can be used to detect topics from Twitter data?
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?
What are some good resources on sparsity and sparse matrix factorization in machine learning?
How did big companies incorporate machine learning and HPC (give example)?
What should I look for when buying a computer for running Machine Learning experiments?
What are the most relevant stochastic processes in Machine learning?
In what business scenario does online learning, update model in real-time with arrival of new data, become necessary?
How do I write XOR gate code for an artificial neural network using MATLAB or Python?
How do I implement image recognition for creating an app to organize images?
What are the basic concepts of machine learning?
Do you know any reasonable machine learning theory overview (<30 pages), formulas, concepts etc.?
How is machine learning as a subject easy or hard?
How can I join the ISRO after pursuing my Master’s and PhD in computer vision and machine learning?
Is it necessary for a CSE student to learn embedded systems to learn robotics and artificial intelligence?
What does Andrew Ng think about evolution-based neural network algorithms such as NEAT?
Is it okay to pick UCSD over UCLA for computer science (undergrad)? I’m interested in machine learning, AI, and entrepreneurship.
Where do I find practical examples for computer vision problems?
What is the difference between machine learning and Q-learning?
Is online learning continuous transfer learning?
What are “model cost algorithms”?
Is it true that even if we can model from the model distribution p(x)p(x) p(x)  the optimal importance sampling is not p(x)p(x) p(x) ?
Why are only convolutional neural networks used for images, rather than other deep learning techniques?
What is the best algorithm/approach to make an efficient neural network for a game of chess in Javascript?
What do you think are the most important elements of linear algebra for applying machine learning?
Is Imarticus Learning a good institute for data science?
Which subject would be better for an engineering student to choose between artificial intelligence and nanotechnology master level?
Can we design a machine learning algorithm to solve competitive programming?
Which branch of deep learning would be more appropriate to study computer vision or natural language processing considering the job opportunities?
How can someone estimate standard gravity by machine learning or just a mathematical model?
What is the best way to do multiple object recognition/classification in real time using OpenCV and GPU (CUDA)?
What is the best way to run a 2-variate linear regression with ~20k data points?
How can we implement the recall and precision of a recommender system?
What data structure could I use to construct a naive Bayes classifier in Java?
Where can I find an open database to test my software code on query expansion in natural language processing?
When will the first AI-generated personalised and constantly adapting cookbook app be available?
How is machine learning used in the study of optimization models, particularly applied to production and logistics?
Where is machine learning most applicable to orbit determination?
What’s the preprocess of sentiment analysis?
I'm​ 18 years old. What skills should I learn in the CS (technical) field that will help me in the future?
What are some of the biggest myths surrounding Deep Learning?
Is there any way to possibly predict malware behavior through a machine learning algorithm by reverse engineering malware samples?
Can Convolutional Neural Networks be used to explain the current world order?
Is the machine learning all about neural networks?
What is the most bizzare thing that we use machine learning for?
Is there any kind of machine learning used at HubSpot? Additionally, what is the scope and average salary of a machine learning computer engineer?
How do you solve the problem of warpage in aluminium parts during machining?
What progress have we seen in neural network interpretability (up to May 2017)?
Where can I find out more about Facebook artificial intelligence lab?
What jobs will AI probably not destroy?
What can we learn from nature, and how can we make use of that learning for the future? What are your ideas and experiences?
To what extent should Data Science roles require familiarity with Machine Learning?
When should you use cross entropy loss and why?
What kind of workers do you need for AI?
Which IDE for R do you prefer, RStudio or Microsoft Visual Studio, or do you use both? Why?
What is the best way to build a decision tree on a website?
What do you learn from engaging in inventorying and rehousing in libraries?
What are the best classification algorithm for disease prediction using Java?
What’s the future of networking, when compared to Machine Learning?
Should I consider an MS in machine learning in Germany?
Have you had a positive experience with Recurrent Neural Networks? What problem did you solve, and what was your neural network configuration?
What are a few good books on machine learning and deep learning?
What are some good open source projects to work on, that are related to machine learning?
Are there similar programs to the Facebook University for Analytics for undergraduates who are interested in data mining and machine learning?
What are the key papers which prove that pre-training of the DNN using stacked auto-encoders is not required anymore?
What are the differences between PredNet and Generative Adversarial Networks?
What are some good data mining projects for undergraduate students, that can be completed in two semesters?
Why is it so difficult for people to grasp the fact that there are different types of neural networks?
What is the algorithm for the tf-idf method based on measuring a trajectory?
How can I cluster trees by their distance?
Where can I get a data set for street dogs, pigs and cattle?
What are some great ideas to do on MNIST that is worthy of a undergrad thesis?
Do machines using reinforcement learning learn in real-time as they receive rewards and punishments while in operation?
How do I get recognition without dismissing my own learnings?
How is data science utilized in job websites?
What knowledge and skill do I need to solve the Netflix prize problem?
Rajasthan has implemented School on Wheels to help deprived children to learn. Why is this scheme not implemented in other states?
Should I have continued BA in software engineering?
What do you envision the main issue in big data, data science, machine learing, deep learning, or data mining being in the next year?
Does learning TensorFlow eliminate the direct learning of Python libraries like Numpy, Scipy, Scikit-learn and so on?
How do I know a hypothesis has a breakpoint in machine learning?
Will getting a degree in CS help me to get into machine learning and AI?
What if the output can not converge with DDPG in deep reinforcement learning?
How do I update a model (regression or classification) with new data in Python?
What should I study after a BE to work in AI development?
How do I improve my linear regression model given a residual plot and other information?
Is there any biological basis for generative adversarial networks?
Can you pass on a PHP simple example for machine learning?
Which deep learning toolkit (CNTK, TensorFlow, MXNet, Keras, etc.) is the best for speech recognition tasks to train DNN, CNN and LSTM networks?
Does Netflix still use the Cinematch algorithm for collaborative filtering?
What are the main differences between artificial intelligence and machine learning?
Does a 20 ml paint tube really contain 20 mls of paint?
What are the best image classification algorithms in CNN/deep learning?
What is the difference between CNN and RNN?
How can a knowledge of a stochastic process, Brownian motion, and a martingale process help one with deep learning and machine learning research?
What should I major/minor in for Machine Learning?
Is it possible to build an ensemble of classifiers that performs good on any type of dataset?
What is Justin Trudeaus view on a machine tax?
What is meant by 'ground truth' in probability and machine learning?
In R, is there no proper tool for visualizing gradient descent algorithms?
Why is having the same train and test set not a good idea?
How can I classify data by deep learning?
Is there any scope of machine learning in robotics? If yes, what should a new comer learn?
How important have Bayesian methods been in your career?
What is an intuitive explanation for abstraction in machine learning?
Are there any other competition platforms like Kaggle, but for data engineers instead of data scientists?
What is so special about machine learning that Sundar Pichai talks about in many of his speeches?
How can I implement HOG for SVM using Java?
Do I need to have programming experience to learn machine learning?
What are the top 5 Computer Science or Information Systems Master’s programs focused on Machine Learning in the USA today? How may I get in touch with them?
What mathematics should I revise/learn if I want to thoroughly understand mixed-effects modelling/regression modelling?
What was Tom Mitchell's contribution to machine learning?
How do I calculate MSE in Q-learning with ANN?
What is the difference in the machine learning taught in colleges and that of Andrew Ng?
Most implementations of decision trees are binary trees. Why don't we use N-ary trees (e.g. tertiary trees) while training decision trees?
While English is the most commonly used language for natural language processing, what is the future for other languages?
How can I use Keras' Xception pre-trained model for feature extraction?
Is deep learning's success fake news?
How do I know how much memory my models use in Python?
How does IBM Watson train its models for NLP tasks like sentiment analysis?
Is there a program that I can learn the type of machine learning used in mechanical engineering?
What does feature learning mean in Machine Learning?
Which neural network model is efficient using multimodal sentiment analysis? And which tool/library to use?
How can I download the FERET database?
Do online karaokes sell spoken audio for ML purposes?
What are the differences between sample big data set and high dimensional data set?
How do I understand 'group-regularized', like 'grouped ridge regression'?
What is the latest feature extraction method for animal sound recognition?
How can I make an image captioning system?
Is it possible to subplot confusion matrices?
What is the solution domain for recommendation system project regarding security?
Natural Language Processing: Do N-grams fight the curse of dimensionality?
How do I build upon pre-trained object detection deep network models (YOLO) to detect new classes?
Does Concordia University, Montreal have good faculty for graduate-level studies in Computer Science (especially for Machine Learning)?
What are the UX challenges in AI?
How do you tune a deep learning network to look for SMTG in particular (like classifying critics reviews into ratings for plot, screenplay or direction)?
Could I use my machine learning skills to discover new things about particle physics?
Why are Smith Machines so popular?
What are some of your greatest hopes as well as your greatest fears regarding increased automation?
How do physicists become machine learning engineer?
Is it worth it for neural nets to redo training on training and dev (after tuning) or to just keep the model obtained via tuning on dev to predict the test set?
Can prediction models help in better re-marketing and get me a higher RoI?
Is 'predictive checks' in Bayesian methods basically heuristics to double-check that the model makes good sense?
I'm an undergraduate. What do I have to do to become a machine learning engineer?
What is ROI pooling? What happens mathematically when you mix region proposals with final convolutional layer activations?
How do I learn Hopfield neural network with an example and explanation?
How should machine government be introduced?
Will Google's DeepMind AlphaGo win against Ke Jie in May 2017?
What is the use of error term in a model specification?
How can someone practice his knowledge in deep learning with Keras?
What AI method can be used to read text and then answer questions regarding the text?
Where can I buy custom deep learning labeled data for computer vision tasks?
What was your experience studying for your PhD in AI/machine learning at the University of Toronto?
In lay terms, how would you explain the distributed representations in natural language processing (NLP)?
What are the latest AI's which are very advanced in their work and are reshaping the future?
How do I use SVD to denoise vibration from accelerometer data which is in time domain?
What is the difference between regression and robust regression?
What is the procedure for installing TensorFlow on a 32-bit Ubuntu 15.04?
How can I build my own deep Q-network model like Atari (deep learning)?
Is there any way to reject unknown test data with good confidence scores, and whose class isn't known at the time of training for CNN?
How viable would it be to build a self-learning bot that could write grants?
In what ways will quantum machine learning be a game-changer?
What are the prerequisites for Machine Learning course?
What do you think about deformable convolutional networks?
How can I cluster flag a data set?
What is the basis to select an undergraduate college at UCSC if one’s interests are artificial intelligence and machine learning?
What are the best resources for machine learning?
Are recurrent additive networks universally better than LSTMs and GRUs?
What machine learning techniques will be used in Google’s new jobs search engine?
Can I use a CPU to generate data (augmentation) when tensor flow training on GPU is in a parallel way?
As a beginner to data science, what modelling algorithms should I learn and preferably in what order? May I know the most commonly used algorithms?
What is the flow of ARToolKit in text recognition?
How is Submodularity useful in machine learning problems?
What role does intuition play in mathematics and can A.I. ever fully replace a mathematician?
How are machine learning algorithms (written in Python) applied on data residing in a database (say MySQL or MongoDB)?
What are some university options to pursue a career in artificial Intelligence?
What is the deepest neural network up to date?
What schools offer the best NLP courses?
How can I apply to Gabor to do a feature extraction on an image using MATLAB?
What's a fair verdict on machine pronunciation evaluation?
Can natural processes happen exactly they do at the microscopic level? Answer only if you understand what I mean.
Where is Deep Learning applied in India?
Will machine learning/AI slow the demand for software developers?
What does heuristics mean in artificial intelligence?
What methods are there for missing values and outlier detection in ski-learn?
Can an artificial intelligence program learn by itself and build a new program or not?
Why do some people preprocessing the picture before sending to neural network for deep learning via sometime they just feed the pictures directly?
How can I spend this summer break (3 months) to gain knowledge in data science and machine learning enough to get an internship by August?
What is the most commonly used speech recognition product?
How can machine learning play a role in fashion design and textiles?
Why do actual neural networks work? You basically just matrix multiply a bunch of numbers.
How can I interpret the increase and the decrease of the loss function?
What is the nature of the work being done at Societe Generale GSC Bangalore in the fields of machine learning and analytics?
Which outputs of "Multinomial Logit Model" are important than others? Journal reviewers and professionals are looking for which outputs of this model?
What is the difference between Differentiable neural computers and neural turing machines?
Can manual day trading (still) compete with machine learning?
Is machine learning all about figuring out a best fit curve for a given data set?
What is the mean squared error of linear models of normal noise?
What is Anaconda?
What are triggers to active the field of deep learning?
Using the Turing Test, can you explain how Firefox is an intelligent software?
Is research in deep learning dying?
Where can I find Machine learning course in Pune?
Why does Apple not equip their machines with better video card options?
How can a neural network be "deep"?
How can I make good predictions with XGBoost?
In what ways are artificial neural networks and biological neural networks different?
What is the difference between TensorFlow on Spark and the default distributed TensorFlow 1.0?
What does it take to rank within #10 on Kaggle?
Aside machine learning, what are some computer science fields that require mathematics knowledge?
Which universities are doing intensive research on collaborative filtering and recommendation systems, and who are some famous professors in this field?
How many training images should be used for good gender recognition task in OpenCV? Is there any dataset available for this task?
How can I train RAE without linguistic information to generate sentence vector?
Does the entire corpus need to be stored in memory each time you run through a step in LDA topic modeling algorithm?
What are the big-O notations from these ML techniques?
Do you still work on ML projects?
What type of tests or machines are being used for a viable time machine or teleportation device?
How can you find support vectors when programming SVM?
Could I pass methods as arguments of a scikit-learn’s Pipeline?
What are the advantages of k-mode over k-means?
What is more compute-intensive in neural turing machines: Content-based attention or location-based attention?
When did algorithm stock trading start? What is the difference between back then and nowadays, with big data?
Is there a single scheme of classification of all knowledge?
Which one (Deterministic model vs. Generative model) is better in the AI future?
What is the best way to stay up to date on artificial Intelligence advancements?
What is the best API for sentiment analysis which supports German language?
What’s the difference between a learning algorithm controlling blocks of a program, versus blocks of symbols that get grounded into natural language?
Is there a middle ground for Computer Networking and Machine Learning?
How can I compute the entropy of a dataset when I don't know its probability distribution?
What is a machine language (I am a beginner)?
Computer vision, NLP and speech recognition: Which one of these, if pursued a career in, gives the opportunity for the biggest impact in the world?
What is supervised attribute clustering?
What is the best application for machine learning that will not result in more unemployed people?
What are some mind blowing researches ever done or ongoing in statistical machine learning?
What is the difference between neural network architecture and topology?
What is the best tutorial for images classification training on my own dataset in Python?
What do you hope the WikiTribune's team will have learned a year in?
How do I search examples of machine learning algorithm implementation?
How can people endure using Caffe, which has so many dependencies?
Can I use collaborative filtering for text-based recommendations? Does it gives the results when we want?
How do I start my career in machine learning? I have 10 years of J2EE development experience and I am based out of India. How do I start going into machine learning?
What real life application is required to use one-shot learning?
Why did IBM choose the name Watson?
Which method of deep learning can you recommend for unsupervised learning to detect anomalies?
Does RMSProp only good for dataset above 10000?
Can anyone give explanation of the Alternating Least Squares algorithm in a recommendation system with a simple numerical example?
What kind of Python libraries and machine learning algorithms do I need to learn to become a data scientist?
Why are non-linear activations not used before the final layer?
What metrics should I use to evaluate a generative model quantitatively, and how reliable are they?
What is the line between modern convenience and over-dependence on machines?
Will Udacity's nano degree in ,achine learning make me employable? Is there any company hiring from Udacity in machine learning?
Can one mix categorical and continuous variables in a simple neural network?
Is the progress in artificial intelligence accelerating (as of 2017)?
What are some options that would automatically read a question set in a document & answer from previous questions & answers?
How does Quora generate content quality to reach more views?
How is dimensionality reduced based on autoencoder?
How do I get the sentiment of a review?
Can robots pick better stocks than humans?
Where can I find great resources about Machine Learning for beginners?
Which powerful laptop should I buy for deep learning in CUDA?
How can you apply machine learning to ArcSight Common Event Format?
In what cases are convolutional neural networks better than recurrent neural networks?
How can I implement better data collection practices in a small manufacturing company to implement Machine Learning or Data analysis?
Is a convolutional neural network well suited for a problem like recognising corrosion in images?
What is the roadmap to implement deep learning?
How do Neural language models (NLMs) overcome the curse of dimensionality problem for modeling natural language?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of different supervised text classification algorithms?
Is success probability guaranteed with a support vector machine?
How do I build a custom high-end desktop for machine learning in Bangalore?
Can neural lace result in artificial time travel?
What is an intuitive explanation for the expectation conditional maximization(ECM) algorithm?
How do I make sense of an input probability distribution in a machine learning algorithm?
How do I download the dataset for extractive text summarization?
How do I implement semantic matching like Quora using Google NLP API?
What are some resources for open-sourced video games that can be utilized for Machine Learning or Deep Learning projects?
What is the faculty profile of CONCEPTREE Learning?
Is there some justification for using Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) rather than Principal component Analysis(PCA)?
How relevant is the concept pattern recognition in programming?
Should I choose the IITs or BITS Pilani given that I want to study artificial intelligence (machine learning)?
What is the difference between Bayesian and Statistical Inference?
How do I analyze multiple categorical variables with a single binomial outcome?
Does unsupervised machine learning based on data clustering automatically determine the number of clusters as well?
What dataset topics are good to interact?
Can VGG neural network architecture be used in a commercial application if it's trained from scratch?
How can I automatically cluster data?
What would be the best Kaggle challenge for me as an intermediate level machine learning enthusiast?
How can I prepare myself for a job interview at the Toshiba R&D Center in India for a machine learning profile?
What can machine learning do?
Which are the best classifier algorithms for disease prediction and recognition?
What are hot topics for a Master thesis related to deep learning or big data?
What is the mathematical proof for weights penalty methods?
What year do PhD students in computer science departments start their research?
What are the challenging research tracks in Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)?
Is there any other algorithm than R-CNN which is faster for object detection to work?
Are there any online courses about neuroscience (not neural networks of engineering) with programming assignments?
What can be done on artificial neural networks?
What relevant topics (keywords) should I look for in library databases for my research paper topic ‘Future of programming: Self-coding software’?
Which types of work, as a software engineer, would support me the most to become a Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher later on my in career?
If a fully sentient and self-reprogramming AI can be programmed, is there any way to prevent it from having any possibility of being malicious?
Is any educational degree mandatory to build a career in Robotics and Machine Learning?
Is the classification in machine learning being used in robotics directly? How?
How do Kagglers choose the best-performing Machine Learning algorithm for a given dataset?
How do I learn deep learning in depth?
I have a known distribution dataset, and I want to create a fake sample around one data point with the same original distribution, how do I proceed?
What is the process for the biological validation of biclustering obtained from microarray data?
In neural network, how does regularization work?
Is it possible to perform ensemble learning through stacking if I have only two models?
Why is 'uncertainty quantification' a big topic of interest?
What are some interesting current areas of research in Deep Learning?
What are the platforms supported by scikit-learn?
Why doesn't the Deep Learning Book reference any of Leslie Valiant's work?
Where do I find an instructor-led classroom training in Pune for machine learning and data science for a complete beginner?
How can we chain models without overfitting?
Can anyone with basic coding skills become a machine learning engineer?
What is the best machine learning algorithm which detects watermark from a watermarked image?
What should I start with, cybersecurity or machine learning, if I am familiar with front-end development?
What does "distribution of inputs" for a Neural Network layer mean?
Can identifying latent variables help debias certain ML-learned systems?
What's the best way to save an image from Scrapy to MongoDB using pipelines - the full image, not the path to the OS folder?
Could AI develop mathematical intuition?
What are some of the uses for predictive modelling and analytics?
Is there a specific type of data that self-learning AI uses? If so, what is it?
Can I make my own artificial intelligence?
What are some natural language processing courses that I should start with?
What is a planer machine?
Should I enroll in a second bachelor to start a career in artificial intelligence/machine learning?
How can I learn or get certified in machine learning while working in an Indian service-based MNC?
Why is Bayesian optimization’s use of Gaussian processes said to be smarter optimization for hyperparameters?
I am 14 years old and am very interested in machine learning. Where should I start?
Why do self driving cars need object tracking when object detection is enough?
What are the state of the art methods for density estimation of high dimensional discrete data?
Is it possible to do a master's degree in machine learning or data science after completing a B.Tech course in electrical engineering?
Does anyone exactly know the formula of the Net 5 algorithm in convolutional neural networks?
How do I implement a locality-sensitive hashing?
Would you trust an A.I. to do surgery?
Has anyone tried to implement Danko's theory of practopoiesis in a software algorithm? Could it be possible with the actual state-of-the-art technology?
What is the way of using Python to prototype Deep Learning Neural Networks (DNN-s)?
Is there a tool/add-on that works like Grafana and has AI that can learn your system for smarter alerts?
What are good resources to learn about Generative adversarial networks?
Do tech companies that use AI develop their own AI from scratch?
What are some mathematical mysteries that if we solve would yield us more powerful machine learning algorithms?
What are some notable research papers written by Fei-Fei Li?
What is the difference between variational inference and variational Bayes?
Can or would Quora build and research on a scoring system, based on user's behaviour?
Have recurrent neural networks been applied to GAN with as much success as convolutional networks?
What kinds of recommendation systems are based on users' actions, i.e. users who watched movies X and Y also watched movie Z?
Does it make sense to use generative models to generate more data in order to use them for another task (like discrimination)?
What is prerequired for machine learning?
How does an attention mechanism work in deep learning for natural language processing?
What machine learning data sets are physicists interested in?
What type of neural network helps conversational AIs like Google Assistant understand the user commands? What dataset is used for training them?
When a feedforward neural network is applied on 10 data points (20 features), the loss doesn't go to zero. How is this possible? How do I debug it?
Is there an SMDP toolbox in MATLAB?
What is the mechanism of a garlic-peeling machine?
How should I prepare our data when we have many categorical values?
What can jewelry business learn from different industries?
Is there any connection between Data Science, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence? If yes, then in what order should I learn them?
Why do we maintain sparsity in neural networks?
Can machine learning learn a protocol and emulate it?
What are the hot topics in Machine Learning Research in 2017?
Why isn't memory in neural networks contained in the individual nodes of each neural network?
How can I classify a question asked by a user into categories (DBpedia classes) in a question answering system?
How do you apply conjugate gradient to neural networks?
What common frustrations do data scientists have with visual datasets?
Where is the "magic" that generates the voice in the neural networks for creating text-to-speech?
How do I use identity function in OpenCV for building a neural network?
What is the difference between Hardware and application cluster?
Which is the best - data science, machine learning, or informatics?
Are there any Java codes avaliable to calculate similarity of high dimensional data?
How many nodes does the most extensive artificial neural network have?
Can increased number of input variables make an artificial neural network work better?
What is the meaning of the curriculum of applied learning?
What are some interesting uses of the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine?
Is exploratory data analysis not needed for deep learning?
Can you use R-squared to evaluate forecasted data correlation?
Can I construct an HMM model using only a subset of observations?
How do I deal with a deep thinking girlfriend?
How do I combine a web application with data analysis/clustering?
Should I go with AWS instead of buying a Titan X Pascal for deep learning?
What is step size? How do I calculate step size in PCM?
What kind of machine learning platform is Quora using?
Is the physical or the statistical method more successful in earthquake forecasting?
What are some statistics lectures to learn machine learning for a developer?
How much computer science coursework do I need to apply to a PhD in reinforcement learning?
How can I construct a query from a natural language question in Python?
How are neural network regression models using TensorFlow?
What is text extraction?
Is there a hidden atheist network in Bangladesh?
Which is the best graduate school for Machine Learning in Seattle?
What subject should I know to learn algorithms?
What's the difference between iterative shrinkage-thresholding methods, and proximal gradient methods? Are they in the same class of algorithms?
What are some well-known clustering methods?
Has machine learning surpassed other approaches to artificial intelligence?
Are there middle-point models between deterministic and generative models? If so, what are their advantages?
What kind of tasks can a quantum computer speed up? Why can’t it speed up other tasks?
How can I apply machine learning for a quadcopter’s sensor data generated by a simulator?
If the universe was a simulation, could a glitch or corruption of a program or set of data become malicious to the machine?
What are the best book for learing machine language?
Is it possible to improve the HOG method for classification in gait recognition?
Are there any good books for total beginners in machine learning?
For a small AI startup, would it make more sense to build a tiny compute cluster or to use a cloud platform?
What is the method of dividing data sets into training testing and validation sets?
How is Conner Davis studying machine learning?
Is Ravindrababu planning to create videos on machine learning?
How do I become job ready in machine learning in a year?
How does TD-learning learning explain trace conditioning?
Will some form of sleeping be essential in AI (artificial intelligence)?
What are the best machine learning libraries?
Which book is best for practicing machine learning problems with case studies?
Does a 20-ml paint tube really contain 20 ml, or it is 20 ml after mixing with media?
What are some of the seminal papers on theoretical deep learning?
From both machine learning and the clinical perspective, why can we predict the cancer risk within a timeframe?
Why are the parameters of Weibull not unique for a given data?
What is machine to machine communication, with real life examples?
What is a deep generative model?
How good and complete is the neural network toolbox of MATLAB?
What information should be released to characterize a dataset for text classification?
Is it possible to build self learning AI?
Do you have any ideas about Oric machines? How about this machine?
What is feature extraction in a digital video?
What do you think of PyTorch compared to TensorFlow?
How do you use Docker to containerize open source machine machine learning models?
How do I decide whether to use supervised machine learning or reinforcement learning models?
Are there any good references for heavy-tail regression?
Why is Bayesian regularization backpropagation called that?
Are there any tricks to speed up the convergence of neural network in the Q-learning algorithm?
What are the "atoms" within Dirichlet Process mixtures?
Has there ever been a successful attempt at teaching an AI the concept of numbers and math?
In R, how can I set the margin parameters of a plot graphic to avoid labels being cut?
What is the intuition behind Bayesian networks?
Is it possible to have a extremely low l2-loss while having accuracy at chance level?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
Machine learning or Android, which is better for a summer internship?
Can AI create an unhackable system?
How is studying machine learning at UCL? I've been away from school for 5 years and self-study math and programming now.
How is online training used in an artificial neural network?
Is data science/machine learning breaking away from traditional computer science?
What is Dr. Sidran's advice to first-year Computer Science students who are interested in machine learning?
How does Quora use machine learning in 2017?
Which is better in Computer Science or Computer Engineering: University of Melbourne or Monash University?
Is System Theory relevant to Machine Learning?
How do I feed a raw user given a handwritten image of an already trained network and predict the number from it?
Do you think artificial general intelligence is possible with today's hardware?
What is the bare minimum maths needed to work in AI/machine learning/deep learning? How much calculus knowledge is needed just to get by in this field?
What is the difference between the least squares and ridge regression? How is this related to the bias-variance trade-off?
I need to learn Python from scratch for machine learning. Which Python version should I learn?
What are some interesting problems in finance, real estate or private equity that I should spend a year trying to solve with technology?
Why do some people use 3-way partition to data when they can do K-fold cross validation?
Could a neural network use the Billboard 100 to create a song?
How can a time series analysis be applied with deep learning in a recommender system?
What are some simple example of deep learning to implement?
What does it mean by 1D convolutional neural network?
How do I correctly configure agent's behavior in Q-learning with ANN?
Is phython mandatory for learning data science?
What would happen if there is no evaluation system?
What is the methodology (steps) for an Ensembled Machine Learning model with voting?
Can I use TensorFlow without having any experience with machine learning?
Why does the J48 classifier rank features?
How do I start a data science and human learning recruitment agency?
What are research questions on factor analysis and cluster analysis?
What role does the logistic function play in the logistic regression algorithm in machine learning?
What is the formula of calculating logistic regression?
How can I do machine translation from English to Tamil or Hindi using ML and Deep Learning?
Know how to apply Machine Learning in 1 field only (such as NLP), or generalize to other fields (such as Computer Vision and Speech Recognition)?
How do hedge funds use machine learning in their investment and trading activites?
Does it make sense to average precision/recall for both classes in a binary classification context?
In the Philippines, what is the average salary of an artificial intelligence engineer (or a machine learning engineer for that matter)?
What is the most recent research on communication protocols using reinforcement learning?
What are some of the clever ways to fool neural networks?
What do you think will be the developments/changes in the area of biorobotics, in the next decade or two?
How can I make a real time classification with CNN?
What will you do when you train your model?
Do Bayesian Nonparametric models work well in practice?
What are your thoughts about artificial intelligence?
When will we see NLP be productized in the same manner as is happening with computer vision currently?
Is it possible to become expert in machine learning in six months?
Do data scientists and machine learning engineer need to know implementing ML/DL algorithms from scratch or just use existing libraries in production?
Where do I find examples on using gensim LDA codes for a mallet wrapper?
Where can I find a large corpus of labeled suicidal/nonsuicidal messages for training a neural network to recognize suicidal tendencies?
Is a unified approach to (stochastic) optimization over time catching on?
How do I join Google as a machine learner?
How do I use a restaurant & consumer dataset?
In machine learning, why is a maximization problem converted to a minimization problem?
Is it sensible for an Indian software professional of 9 years experience in programming to switch to machine learning?
What basics should one know before starting machine learning?
Does the apparently low capital returns in the current era correlate to rise of AI?
How can I identify a person’s ID with machine learning?
Which companies in India provide job opportunities to post-grads with machine learning backgrounds?
Which are some good research projects in the combination of natural language processing and information retrieval?
What data science and machine learning online course do you recommend?
What are the side effects of using a bad activation function in neural networks?
Is it possible to do a sentiment analysis using PDFs as input?
What is the relationship between reinforcement learning and adversarial learning (e.g. GAN)?
Which questions can I ask a startup in order to find out whether they really use machine learning as a technology, or just use it as a trendy buzzword?
Is creating an intelligent "being" (AI) not "machine" possible?
Which deep learning framework is more suitable for the top 500 supercomputers?
How can I find the difference between grid and random search for hyper-parameter optimization according to the image below?
Should I learn Machine Learning as a mechatronics engineer?
What is the meaning of "Bounds are monotonic in one direction and quantities are monotonic in the other direction" in the learning theory of ML?
How do I design a neural network architecture for tic tac toe machine learning?
What can machine learning teach us about learning?
What is coincidence filtering?
How can I apply for an internship in Think and Learn?
What is the best university to study artificial intelligence/ML in Brazil?
What edge could a provider of data science, AI, and ML services have?
What are the best YouTube channels and/or websites about Computational Linguistics & Natural Language processing?
Is Bidirectional RNN available in Tensorflow now?
What are the disadvantages of a Directed Acyclic Graph-Support Vector Machine (DAG-SVM)?
How do rental companies use machine learning?
Is there any other way apart from backpropagation to train our neural network?
What is the most impressive thing made by Artificial Intelligence?
What are good frameworks, books or tutorials I can look at to build an Android app that scans receipts and reads the items? I have experience in ML/AI.
How does the Bayesian Linear regression work with multiple features?
Is it correct to say that xgboost is an algorithm or is it just a package?
What should I do if my job doesn't align with my interests, which is in AI/machine learning?
Where can I find a database of all* Spanish words?
What is the difference between kernel learning and metric learning?
What is audio preprocessing?
How do I classify 2 data sets and have 3 outputs (yes, no, and unidentified)?
Can I use distributed tensorFlow as a Keras backend on different computers and how?
Why can dropout improve the overfitting issue in deep neural networks?
Should I learn machine learning, cloud development or game development in Unity as a college freshman?
Would you use Ruby language for machine learning?
I've noticed auto-complete produces different results depending on who's being texted, does this mean the results are generated or influenced by terms or phrases often used by the recipient?
What is the difference between artificial intelligence and intelligent algorithm?
What do I do in machine learning?
Is a Microsoft Professional Program certificate in data science worth it to up my CS knowledge for a PhD project in machine learning and robotics?
What skills are mostly preferred to join any Machine Learning team at Apple?
What machine learning algorithms are most difficult to parallelize?
What are the prerequisites for a PhD in machine learning from the good colleges in the USA?
How can I approach the problem of multilabel classification using deep learning?
What are the most used deep learning libraries in ImageNet competition?
Should I learn Android app development or Machine learning if I want to get selected in companies like Flipkart, Amazon etc?
How do I run naive Bayes classification algorithm without class label?
How can I start studying artificial intelligence from zero with online courses?
How can I train a neural network where each of the input features are a multi dimensional matrix?
What speech recognition platform should I choose?
What are the applications of Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
Why do I see so many good Reinforcement Learning researchers moving to Europe (say the UK) instead of the US? Is Europe going to be the future hub for the field?
How do I use Visual Basic.NET to learn machine learning and deep learning?
What are some machine learning algorithms which can work effectively on non-stationary time-series data?
What are RNN and ANN and what do they mean?
Should I read a book about general machine learning before Sutton's Introduction to Reinforcement Learning, and Deep Learning books?
Do data and analytics have a future in the software industry?
What should be my strategy to get admitted for an MS in Data Science or ML in Fall 2019?
What implications does Google's experiment with AI inhuman encryption have in terms of AI potential 'black-boxedness'?
What is the state of the art text classification?
Do self-driving cars use fuzzy logic?
Is it possible to design a LSTM(RNN) with exogenous variables for forecasting?
Has anyone simulated a neuromorphic device based on a neural network in Python or MATLAB?
How can I link between the outputs of SyntaxNet and RNN?
Do I need to learn dynamic programming and machine learning to get a job at Uber Bangalore?
What are some real world problems which use machine learning?
Why second order optimization method impractical for training neural network?
Is there any implementation for incremental feature learning based on LS-SVM? Or is there anyone who can help me to reimplement it?
What is meant by “supervised deep learning neural network”?
What is the significance of the ‘F value’ in linear regression?
Why do we use descriptive options in Weka?
Are computers better visual thinkers?
How do I create a dataset as a database for a signature recognition system CSV file?
What are the pros and cons of learning ExpressJS?
How should I start to learn machine learning from scratch, from beginner to the advance level?
How does a neural network modify its weight without going into a ping-pong effect? The weight-modification function is based on the error (l * e * o [1, 2]), so high-error values give drastic weight modifications.
What are the Top 10 papers in Machine Learning?
Do I care about multicollinearity or interaction when my goal is prediction?
How are punishment and negative reinforcement implemented in reinforcement learning?
How do you handle outliers and label noise when training a deep neural network?
How do I apply backpropagation in a neural network pattern recognition tool?
Where can I find the more recently recorded lectures of CS229: Machine Learning for free?
How is Caltech's CMS Ph.D. program for someone interested in machine learning/stats? How does it compare to other top programs (Stanford ICME, etc.)?
How rewarding is an MS in machine learning at University College London if I am paying around 30k GBP as an overseas candidate from India?
How would a hybrid neural network behave?
How do I find out the efficiency or accuracy of my ANN or CNN?
When reading values from air pollution monitoring systems, what algorithm can we use to predict future values?
How might a Bayesian network/method help the internet enterprise?
Which workstation can I buy to run convoluted neural networks (under 100,000 INR)?
Is it possible to create our own machine learning algorithm?
How can fractal geometry be useful for artificial intelligence and/or machine learning?
How would you explain compressed sensing to a machine learning researcher?
Between TensorFlow and scikit-learn, which is better for performing machine learning algorithms?
Will deep learning be able to surpass traditional data mining techniques to detect fraud or anomaly?
Why have Boltzmann machines fallen out of favour and what are they still used for?
What is an Optimum-Path Forest?
What are the benefits of machine code?
How many images (data) do I need to start training a deep neural network from scratch?
What are the best data sets of movies reviews for machine learning?
What algorithm can detect whether a sentence is suitable for academic journal or not?
What is the continuous rate network mode?
What is HTML? What are features that it has over a plain-text representation of data?
Can machine learning and artificial intelligence help the judiciary in decision making?
Why in any electrical machine the current is increasing when the load of that machine increase?
How does one deal with missing data in a large data set with ordinal features?
Why is machine learning harder in e-commerce?
What are some of the scenarios where you would use or are using Machine Learning for your C# application?
Where can I buy TPU to learn deep learning?
What type of machines are used for making unani medicine?
What are some suggestions of good home PCs to be used for deep learning (GPU the main requirement)?
What are the best sites for learning the theory of machines for GATE?
What is the easiest way to make an AI chatbot?
How can I build a multi-class classifier in Azure Machine Learning Studio (AMLS) for classifying images into four different classes?
Is AI learned in undergraduate computer science?
What is the current state of local/global interpretability of ML models for business?
How transferrable are the skills of a generalist machine learning engineer into a self driving car ML engineer?
How can I impress someone who do not know what Machine Learning is?
How do I spend 10,000 hours learning AI?
What exactly is a machine? Can a device like anemometer be called a machine? When do you say it's an apparatus or equipment?
What if Quora bans Quorans because their writing styles don’t fit their agenda for machine learning?
What is the difference between a lazy and eager learner in machine learning?
What is the difference between validation and cross-validation?
Would momentum perform worse than a regular gradient descent when training a simple neural net with 1 hidden layer and small number of hidden units?
Now that I have my data set ready with my algorithm, how do I implement it?
Regarding the future of Natural Language processing without ML (deep learning), is it good to start NLP first and then extend to NLP using deep learning?
Why do autoregressive models always yield good results (like in PixelCNN and CF-NADE)?
How well is machine learning suited to deal with behavioral biases in finance?
What is your review of taking a machine learning course (Perceptron) with Shubham Bhaiya at Coding Blocks?
When initializing weights in Tensorflow, or in general, why is a truncated normal distribution usually preferred over a random normal distribution?
What is the price of an InBody BCA machine?
Would an EE Master’s prepare me for a career in Machine Learning?
What does 'regression' mean in statistics and machine learning?
Does data analytics require machine learning?
Why do machine learning techniques assume the data to be from a particular distribution?
What effect will deep learning have on museums?
How can I practically learn Neural Networks while gaining a deep understanding?
What are the best deep/machine learning journals to follow?
How can I extract certain features from a text? Read details
How do I calculate correlation on string and time series data sets?
Where can I learn the latest data mining techniques? What websites can I use to learn this?
What is ORB in computer vision?
Is getting a Bevi machine worth it for a (small) startup?
What does Ravindra Babu Ravula think about the Coursera machine learning course by Andrew Ng?
Are there any Machine Learning projects on freelancing sites?
Who owns the legal patent rights if there is an invention or discovery made with significant help of any machine learning or deep learning algorithms?
Why does Imitation Learning require a lot of "system interaction time"?
How do I change my profile from application developer to NLP engineer?
What would be the final pressure of a system if a 175 ml sample of gas at 28°C and 98.9 kPa was cooled to 5°C and maintained a final volume of 125 ml?
How does RPN work on the Faster R-CNN?
How many images required for Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs)?
What is a good intersection between Neural Networks and Computational Neuroscience to write a bachelor’s thesis on in Math?
What is the scope of learning?
How hard is it like to program a self driven car?
How much is Multivariable Calculus knowledge needed to efficiently do the work as a data scientist or a machine learning engineer?
Which algorithm is used in smart health prediction using data mining?
Where is machine learning research headed?
What is the state of the art texture classification method?
What is the difference between a perceptron and a Bayes classifier?
How should I start Machine Learning? What are the prerequisites?
What machine learning tool are you using in your final product? Why?
What are the best ways to combine deep learning with ensemble learning (best algorithms) with a microarray high dimensional data set?
What is the best method for finding similarities between short sentences, like tweets, for clustering them based on content similarity?
Is Distill.pub likely to catch on?
What are the advantages of SVM algorithms?
Can I learn ML on my own?
Why is it not standard practice to release trained model weights along with source code for deep learning research papers?
How do I get Roman Urdu tweets using Python (the language mostly used over Twitter in Pakistan)? Is it possible to do this in Java or not?
What is difference between tree data structure and decision tree?
What's the size of the largest neural network trained on a Macbook air?
Does IBM Watson fire employees?
Is there a way to word-align sentence pairs at run time, when the larger parallel corpus has already been pre-processed?
Which career should I pursue if I'm interested in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Physics, a bit of Chemistry and everything about Space?
Can I get some reference papers about fake account detection using random forest algorithm?
Is University of San Francisco good for studying Data Science and Machine Learning?
Where can I find consultants that are experts in building on top of IBM Watson?
Is training a model using machine learning and deep learning really that fancy and amazing?
In Python, are there any frameworks for deep learning that work on Windows and allow dealing with input data of different length without padding?
Is there any precedence of neural networks in general used to solve logistic problems?
What is the minimum amount of retail stores I could have in the United States that would be within a 30 minute drive of 50% of the population?
What are some potential ways that machine learning can be used in HR technology?
How can I calculate the vector of the sentence?
How do insurance companies make customer churn-out prediction model?
What are some good papers to read about template-based question answering in natural language processing?
What does Hakon Hapnes Strand recommend for someone who wants to start learning about feature selection?
Which are the best machine learning courses in R?
How do you determine what is a good regularizer in machine learning?
What makes probabilistic programming different?
What are the differences among AlexNet, GoogleNet and VGG in the context of convolutional neural networks?
What is a good method to reformat long & complex machine-generated SQLs?
How do I apply “Region of Interest” cropping for bounding boxes to a feature map generated through CNN?
Is it at all possible for non-mathematicians to understand principal component analysis?
What are the fundamentals required for machine learning, deep learning, robotics, and artificial intelligence?
How would Steve Jobs handle machine learning?
What is the difference between HOG, SIFT and CNN?
What is the difference between factor loadings and regression based coefficients?
How do I detect an empty image in LeNet-5 deep learning?
What insights can be drawn from the Quora Question Pairs dataset on Kaggle?
How do I learn artificial intelligence by completing projects?
What is the best way to explain recall and precision to a noob?
Will I benefit from Kaggle?
What is the intuitive explanation of Apple technology?
What are the current state of the art algorithms for object detection in 2017?
What state of the art techniques are used in natural language processing/semantic analysis of social media text?
How can I learn to obtain and prove mathematical mistake bounds in online learning, especially online kernel classification?
Are there any video lectures covering the book "Machine Learning an Algorithmic Perspective"?
Why should I learn techniques of deep learning?
How do I do feature engineering for non-linear regression right?
What problems or datasets are there where using momentum gives better results than using a plain SGD?
Why should logistic regression underperform in multi-class classification?
In an LSTM unit, what is the reason behind the use of a tanh activation?
Can public opinion be monitored and analysed in real time?
How can I train an autoencoder model in Keras and then reuse the encoder layer of this model?
What basic machine learning/data science concept do you think is the hardest to understand or to find good explanations for?
How does unsupervised machine learning based segmentation on tensorflow differ from one derived with K-means statistical tool like MATLAB?
What are the questions I can expect in Machine Learning interview specifically for my ML projects?
Which area should I follow, quantum computation or machine learning?
Does there exist an efficient internal validation method for biclustering independent of datasets?
How do I combine convolutional neural networks with a restricted Boltzmann machine?
Is computing a high-dimensional determinant expensive from a machine learning perspective?
Why is doubling done with even numbers (8, 10, 12 etc.) and not with odd on a Drawframe machine (textile machine)?
How was Andrew Ng’s neural net able to classify cats from unlabeled data?
Can LSTM or another kind of recurrent neural network learn to extract and represent a Markov state?
What's the mean of 'differentiable' model in deep learning?
Why do we not maximize functional margins in SVM?
Are graphical models used in situations with discrete data?
What is the relationship between overfitting and data shift?
What is a real-world example of a covariate shift?
Where can I find online courses for spark machine learning using Java?
How does multiple linear regression perform in categorical variables?
What is the main job of an Deep learning or Machine learning engineer in Amazon?
Is it possible to apply machine learning with drag & drop tools like AzureML/AlpineNow without R or Python but with knowledge of statistics?
In what tasks has deep learning NOT become the most competitive method/model?
What are some real use cases for GPUs in a business?
What is machine dependent?
Why can I understand written Spanish but I can't speak or write it? What do you suggest for improvement?
What are the best courses for data analysis jobs?
How do you visualize deep learning weights generated by training images?
What is the difference between mobile learning and m learning?
In biostatistics, if all the variables in the model are non-significant, then in the backward selection, should we remove them all?
Can a self-referential artificial intelligence ever be created and if it can, will the said machine be self-conscious?
How does the Multiple Signal Classification (MUSIC) algorithm work?
How do I train numbers 0 - 9 images and classify it with neural network in MATLAB?
Can anyone help me with facial recognition with MATLAB using a PCA algorithm?
How can I use machine learning to predict the corpus I need for retirement?
What is an efficient algorithm to perform an autocomplete feature - predicting words based on particular prefixes?
How can I get the solution manual of the 2016 draft of Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction?
What about suggestions for speech recognition video courses?
What types of machine learning algorithm is used at New York Times?
Why does over-sampling have a change that results in an over-fitting?
Can scientists make a garbage separating machine?
What are examples when its useful to generate samples from a probabilistic model?
What do finite and infinite hypothesis mean in machine learning? What are the differences between them?
What is the best online resource for Data Science and Machine learning for a complete beginner?
How amazing is a convolutional neural network?
In Monte Carlo cross-validation, how many times of repeated sub-sampling is suitable?
How do you calculate the memory footprint of a particular deep learning model?
Should I go for a master’s in Management or a master’s in Machine Learning?
What skill set is required to get a machine learning job?
Should I drop out from machine learning PhD program?
Is it possible to determine how much a neural network "learns" from a given datapoint in the training set?
Why is Machine Learning better than Web Development apart from the salary point of view?
What are some good short-term courses on machine learning?
Can we use two successive ReLU in a deep neural network?
Do you believe in digital colonization?
How useful is Gaussian Process regression? Do you have a good example?
Can deep learning be applied to path planning (robotics) in dynamic obstacles?
Do you believe in learning 'disorders' or learning 'differences'?
Do I need to learn backend development if I want to become a machine learning engineer?
What is the usage of different layers (conv, FC, pool, and so on) in deep neural networks and how do you design the structure of a deep neural network?
What are the rules to adjust the learning rate in a deep neural network?
What is the scope of machine learning in the gaming industry?
How do I create a training set for a machine learning model that is supposed to replace a rules-based system?
Where can I find the most complete list of machine learning techniques?
Which machine is the favorite one for carton making?
What are good research-oriented master’s programs for machine learning, deep learning, and NLP in the US (or Canada or the UK) as stepping stones to a PhD?
Is there any good tutorial of Keras on Tensorflow 1.0?
Can the PAC Learning theory in ML deal with a covariate shift?
Can sentiment analysis be used to price options?
Is there a proper answering machine for Android?
What is the best university in Pakistan in which to learn artificial intelligence?
Do I need to know machine learning algorithms for securing a job as a data analyst?
How do I implement neural networks in the direction of arrival (DoA) estimation?
What are interesting projects done using machine learning?
What is the difference between a text mining specialist and a research associate working in text mining?
How do I get accepted into Stanford Master's program for machine learning?
How does data science fail with Netflix's star rating system (2017)?
How much ML experience do you need before you start an ML startup?
Will a Resnet run on my Mac Air?
What is the best way to train a CNN on Google Cloud with TensorFlow?
Which type of business can one start with minimal knowledge of Machine Learning in Python and web development?
How can I determine the maximum number of factors that can be extracted in factor analysis?
Is it possible to create a Facebook page that searches and posts content by itself using Machine Learning or Deep Learning?
Is the cache blocking optimization technique used in practice? What are some examples?
Can AI and machine learning make predictions about the future?
Can a 1080 ti be used for deep learning?
Is there machine learning in electrical engineering (MS)? If so, what are the job prospects in this field?
Is it possible to get a job as a Machine Learning engineer straight after BSc in Math in India?
What is a preprocesser directive?
Is supervised learning a special type of reinforcement learning?
What is dual variable in SVM?
Can artificial intelligence help Wikipedia objectively moderate, maintain, and manage information on the website?
Should I remove URLs when I do preprocessing for a Twitter sentiment analysis?
What programming tool can be used to transform alpha numeric symbolic characters into pattern recognition visual representation architecture?
How can I best prepare for Machine Learning math in 4 months?
How can a beginner in data science learn from the Kaggle competitions?
What is the best way to practice machine learning and deep learning without a powerful computer?
In what way does Google utilize TensorFlow in RankBrain?
What are the limitations of a neural network in handling categorical variables?
What is an artificial system?
How should I approach a problem of text classification with possibly hundreds of output classes?
What are the most critical shortcomings of computer vision when applying models to robots (or automation in general)?
What is the best Python library for visualizations of deep learning?
What happens when the inputs to a neural network are highly correlated?
What exactly is the difference following two BPTT equations provided in the details section ?
Is there any place where people who learn data science/machine learning hangout online? Is there some place like FreeCodeCamp?
What are the clustering algorithms that can deal with big data effectively?
How are multi-layered or bi-layered pills (tablets) compressed together? Is there a binding agent used, or is it purely a mechanical process?
How should I master the concepts of data structures and algorithms, given that I am fairly proficient in machine learning?
Does stacking models in machine learning make a huge difference to the results?
Can an unsupervised learning algorithm find the right features that make non-stationary data into stationary features that are solvable with ML?
What's the best machine learning method to predict the time of a given observation?
How do I calculate MLE (Maximum Likelihood Estimation) for a conditional Bayesian network?
Why do I get asked about how to treat missing data (machine learning) in every technical interview?
What is the most interesting work in ML model interpretability in 2017?
What are the best online tutorials for Applied machine learning with practical scenarios?
What is the scope in artificial intelligence in the next 5-6 years?
Should I join Mastercard or a startup in IOT/Machine Learning?
The decision boundary of decision trees is axis parallel. Random Forests is an ensemble of trees. What is the decision boundary of Random Forests?
What can William Chen recommend to a high school freshman trying to learn machine learning?
What are the most widely used review spam detection techniques?
How do I switch from Software Development to Machine Learning/Data Analytics?
Can an AMD Radeon(TM) R5 M430 run TensorFlow on a GPU?
How is it that Kirk and company could defeat a thinking machine by giving it a talking to?
What are some machine learning algorithms that cannot tolerate missing data?
Why is it a big problem to have sparsity issues in natural language processing (NLP)?
What's the best algorithm to detect stock price breakouts?
Do you know what the future of neural networking will bring like I have done with my research?
Are chess AIs using machine learning stronger than traditional chess AIs?
How are machine learning faculties at IIIT a?
What are the techniques for induced morphological analysis in NLP for small datasets?
What other techniques like t-SNE can reduce the dimensionality of deep neural networks so that they can be better visualised?
How do I solve the resolution in AI?
Where can I get a real suicide note for deep learning purpose?
Why do some engineering teams see machine learning interest as a "negative" signal?
What is the future of a software engineer who is not interested in machine learning?
How can one speed up multiplication of 100000 by 100000 matrices to less than a second using Machine learning or Deep learning?
What are the weirdest self-service machines?
What are some interview questions on Support Vector Machine's use in practice?
What is the evolution of methods for deep learning, from the early beginning until CNN and beyond?
What is the minimum time required to develop a good ai project, related to machine learning and neural network?
Does any one have CS 229t 2016 material of Percy Liang (HWs, exams..etc)?
Why do we need optimization of input data before feeding it to neural network for flood prediction?
How is beneficial to vary the size and the shape of window pooling in each pooling layer?
How are memory networks being applied in NLP?
Does Python have a conditional logistic regression method, similar to clogit in R?
How does Rasa NLU work?
How much time is required to prepare for a college machine learning project for a beginner using Python 3 and its libraries?
Can machine learning perform the task better than humans?
What are the best sources to learn data science and machine learning?
What is the best language if you want to learn machine learning, Python or R?
Is there anyone who really, 100% surely likes R:Syntax, especially C coders?
What is the best book to learn TensorFlow?
How do I raise funding to create a revolutionary new neural network when I can't promise or reveal anything?
What if there is a new state after you are trained in reinforcement learning?
How large is the machine learning community?
Is there an open source deep learning tool for text summarising?
Is learning new natural languages still worth it?
What is the difference between Markov Decision Process and Q-Learning?
Are there any websites hosting machine learning contests that are doable without stack of GPUs?
What is or was the SIGABA machine?
Will workers in the finance industry be replaced by AI (machine learning)?
Why is DrivenData not so popular, compared to Kaggle? I found DrivenData's problems quite interesting & challenging.
What is the difference between classical artificial intelligence and modern AI?
How can a support vector machine classifier be used for disease prediction in Java?
What are some machine learning applications of Determinantal Point Processes (DPPs)?
What are the pros and cons of bagging versus boosting for ensemble machine learning techniques?
Why doesn’t the gradient descent need more data than the pseudo-inverse to find the values for the model parameters?
How do you use machine learning to predict the needs of a new customer?
Do our neural networks get "wired" in and then just mature over time and grow?
What is the safest way to learn machine learning?
Is it possible to make a transition from Statistics to Machine Learning?
Is it possible to predict one's strength and weakness with machine learning?
Which books are perfect for learning Machine Learning for beginners? And which background should I have for that?
How can you explain biology and multidimensional scaling intuitively (NXN -> 2D plot)?
In MIT, which is more useful to learn machine learning, 6.036 or 18.065?
Why do we implement batches, as an extra axis of a tensor, instead of a replicated graph, in Tensorflow?
What are some limitations of a Bayesian approach?
What are some available dataset of discharge summaries?
How do I use weka 3.8 for Graph-based Semi-supervised Learning?
What are the problem in the areas of NLP and IR that are solved?
How do I search machine learning algorithm implementation?
Which ML models are used for automatic speech recognition?
Has anyone tried to combine multilayer perceptions with support vector machines?
How does one characterize uncertainties on predictions in a Bayesian learning framework?
How can autoencoders be used for anomaly or fraud detection?
How do I extract answers from the passage using NLP, with a similar kind of comprehension?
What kind of model averaging is a dropout implementing when applied to multiple layers?
Where is a decent implementation of a seq2seq model in Python?
Which machine learning software is easier to learn for someone with a basic knowledge in C++, WEKA, TensorFlow or some other one?
How does one measure the accuracy of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?
Should I go for machine learning or AWS engineering?
Is there any merit to the argument that “reality is generated by a neural network,” given that reality is probabilistic?
What is the difference between true regression line and the estimated regression line?
Could AlphaGo successfully play Sid Meier's Colonization (1994)?
How much would getting an MS in Computer Science from a top university help me land a job as a machine learning engineer?
How do I meet people in machine learning in real life?
How good are GIS data sets in India (for example, road/street network, municipal parcels, etc.)? What are the sources for this kind of data sets?
Which company has the best machine learning scientists?
What are palmprint recognition applications?
I have 2 list of descriptions of cars and I have to match them how can I use machine learning to automate the process?
What is the most sought after problem/solution in signal processing now?
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?
What is a good roadmap to replicating results of a Deep Learning Paper?
Have you ever been scared of what the future holds for you as you embark on a new career journey?
Can the public cloud providers (GCP, AWS, Azure) utilize customer data to improve their own services, particularly in machine learning?
How do SPP networks work, regardless of size?
How can I get embroidery designs from the computer to my Elna EMB81 machine?
What is an efficient algorithm, similar to the "pool adjacent violators algorithm" for isotonic (monotonic) regression, but for concave regression?
What is PredictionIO?
Is logistic regression only for binary classification?
I have offers from both Cambridge University and Imperial College for computer science. Which one should I go for given that I am interested in AI?
Instead of back propagation, have there been attempts to optimize the weights of neural networks using belief propagation?
Where can I learn about best practices for using GridSearchCV() to tune hyperparameters?
Is it seriously possible to do machine learning with PHP?
How many data points are required for structured learning of binary vector output?
As a 1st year CSE undergraduate interested in AI and ML, how should I proceed?
Why doesn't deep learning work with computational biology?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
Do you use GPU for Kaggle competitions?
Do I use R-CNN instead of pixel classification for object detection?
What are the methods to integrate sentiment analysis in an Android Application?
How much money is required to implement neural networks?
How do we choose tuning parameters in prediction algorithms?
Is there any book for machine learning in pharmaceutical chemistry?
Why are there so many real data scientists and machine learning engineers out there?
How will Google's TPU change the CPU + GPU market? How will chip makers respond to this change?
Which prediction model is good to predict future tickets (incidents) based on past data and the application hierarchy?
How is the Q learning neural network model trained for 2 player games?
What is the difference between Tesseract and TensorFlow?
How is LSTM related to deep learning?
Which master’s course is more related to machine learning in Germany?
For my real time scene text recognition project, should I start with using CNNs along with LSTM in the first place or go for LSTM and CTC layers?
How should I design a chinese novel translation neural network?
How have you made money with machine learning?
Would it be insane to do a masters degree in computer science, and another in machine learning rather than just the latter?
In which subject in mathematics should I specialize if I would like to work in AI?
What is the main difference between an autoencoder and gan which are both generative models?
Why is the “AERO machine” important?
Do you know any online tool for rendering and playing with Gaussian Processes?
What is the maximum possible number of hidden layers in a back propagation algorithm?
What are the best techniques for detecting moving objects in videos?
Is Canada still a leader in artificial intelligence, given that all its top AI researchers work for US tech companies?
Where can I find links to Machine learning artwork?
Is backpropagation in neural networks the same concept as the chain rule?
What are Bayesian prior and posterior distributions? What are their roles in neural nets?
What do you think about using .ai domain instead of .com to start a project using Machine Learning?
Are humans Bayesian updaters?
Which is best, MATLAB, the Weka tool or a written code from a classifier algorithm, for disease prediction?
Would it be possible to prove in advance that an intelligent machine is safe? How?
What are the best research laboratories for doing research in the machining of hard materials?
What are the best packages for multiclass classification in R?
What are the research topic on deep learning for Masters thesis?
What type of neural network is used for a set value for each attribute for one class?
Do you believe in results produced by metabolic control analysis (mathematical modeling using kinetic parameters)?
What textbook, blog or online seminar(s) are best to get current on machine learning? I studied Computer Science (M.S.) 2 decades ago.
How is the reputation of Aalto University Machine Learning - faculty and research - among academicians in countries other than Finland?
How can I use deep learning to teach a computer to speak Cantonese?
Which tech companies are the biggest consumers of entity resolution?
How do I combine machine learning models?
Will Google Neural Translate begin to translate English idioms to major languages by the end of 2017?
Can you make an artificial neural network that learns to imitate hash algorithms like MD5 just by using the results of their application, not algorithms?
How can Quora improve it's artificial intelligence/machine learning?
From where do I start learning data science? I want to do a data science internship in a start up. What are the basic pre requisites for that?
What is the best app for programmers doing machine learning?
Given a body of HTML, what ML algorithm can I apply to classify different sections of the text? Recommend any good resources on this subject.
What is federated learning?
How do I start to learn Machine Learning by myself?
Is UCLA a good place for someone who wants to pursue CS (especially machine learning) rigorously?
Can learning be a hobby or not?
Is it possible to create a machine that can code and improve through hardware and software itself?
How can a Machine Learning model be trained for special cases?
What are career opportunities in the fields of Multi-Agent Systems and Robotics in USA?
How can I get access to closed competitions on Kaggle and their winning solutions?
Which is a better approach to learn machine learning?
How does Caffe 2 compare to TensorFlow?
How difficult it is to find a job as a data scientist in Vienna, Austria?
Which unit in Infosys deals with machine learning/data science/AI?
Can vapors or steam hold information in them such as neural networks or anything at all?
What are the key points while developing teams for commercial development of deep learning and computer vision applications?
In a convolutional neural network, is it necessary to increase the feature channels, as the network goes to deeper layers?
How can deep learning be leveraged in the medical insurance industry?
Which Google office in APAC (Sydney, Japan, Singapore, Bangalore and others) has the largest Machine Learning presence?
What is the difference between EE's machine learning, CE, and CS in UCSD? I am interested in machine learning.
Should I learn AI/Machine Learning to get a better job?
What do AI researchers think of The Emotion Machine?
Could someone explain Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity in simple terms?
Which are the best classifier algorithms for disease predictions?
Should we train neural networks on the training set combined with the validation set after tuning?
What does "Generative Model can generate unseen data" mean?
What should be my roadmap to build a machine learning project in Python (read description)?
What performance metric should I choose for evaluating a classification model?
Is there someone with an MS in Information Management and Business Intelligence from NOVA IMS (Portugal)? Is it good to start a machine learning career?
When will "Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective" 2nd edition be published?
Why do people update the discriminator in GANs just once, and not until convergence, before updating the generator in practice?
What would be the best approach to search for names or phone numbers in large files?
What should I learn, if I want to implement DeepMind's Go algorithm?
How is detecting numbers different from detecting physical objects in computer vision?
What is the best Neural network forum on Internet?
Is Tensorflow considered a Blackbox solution?
Shouldn't we use most of our AI power and resources to accelerate the development of a high bandwidth brain-machine interface, instead of other applications?
Is it possible to use Convolutional Neural Networks for identification of specific objects instead of object categories?
How do you maintain food hygiene in machines? There must be some cross contamination in machine maintenance.
Is it possible to start a career in machine learning with a computer engineering degree instead of a computer science one?
Is there any connection between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
How might deep learning and probabilistic programming be unified?
Which is most suitable to use for deep learning research on a GPU - MATLAB or CUDA?
Can we train neural networks to differentiate between a dildo and a buttplug based on a feeling matrix?
Can I learn machine learning if I have no computer science or programming experience?
How much math and stats do I need for learning data science?
What is the tech stack to build a realtime recommendation newsfeed?
Is there a flavor of Enterprise Architecture framework focused on Data Science or Machine Learning?
How do people validate their neural network code?
I am doing an online Machine Learning course. Will it help me in the future if I am not a Computer Science student?
What are the machines does a physicist's lab have?
What courses and tutorials does Yoshua Bengio advise for a quick and urgent grasp of deep learning, already having the mathematical requirements?
How are kernel methods convex?
Do we have an equivalent for Boilerpipe for web data extraction?
How do I learn Spark with Java on a local machine?
How do insurance companies use machine learning?
Is Octave useful for production-level machine learning?
How would I find the most similar demography using machine learning?
In artificial intelligence, where can I learn more about machine vision systems?
What are over-reinforced, under-reinforced, and balanced reinforced beams?
Is there a way to classify music genres using MATLAB [code]?
How can I become a learning machine as a teenager in high school and what study method should I use to accomplish this?
What level of knowledge about databases must an aspiring deep learning engineer have?
What is the state of art of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) for computer vision?
Was there a significant progress made in quantum computing in the past 5 years, i.e., between 2012 and 2017?
What will the natural progression of machine learning look like? What industries will it have the most applications?
What other functions, such as the sigmoid function, are used in machine learning?
What are the datasets available for question answering system?
What is the SVM code in the TensorFlow cookbook?
Should I directly jump into neural networks after completing the Coursera course by Andrew Ng? (I have studied the 1st 3 chapters of Tom Mitchell.)
What is the future of deep work?
Can I implement a TensorFlow model on a mobile client?
Has there been a proposed methodology in a data-driven field such as NLP or CV that achieved state-of-the-art, yet wasn't statistically significant?
What is the main indicator that it is the right time to use dimension reduction (according to a correlation matrix)?
What are the job prospects in the US if I do a Master’s in Machine Learning from a non-Ivy US university? I would need an H1B to work, as I'm a New Zealand citizen.
How would you build a POS tagger from scratch given a corpus of annotated sentences? How would you deal with unknown words?
Which product based company in India hires a fresher for a machine learning engineer job​?
What is the difference between greedy layer-wise and back-propagation? According to the vanishing gradient issue, can we use back-propagation in deep networks?
Can we achieve Auto ICD coding with deep learning?
Does it make sense to apply ML to optimize the misprediction penalty cost in interpreters?
Which neurons determine the decision boundary in a multilayer perceptron?
Can we apply machine learning to frequent itemset mining algorithms like Apriori?
Does the generative/discriminative dichotomy of models exist in the context of cluster analysis?
Will the Machine Learning course of Ravindrababu Ravula be the online one or offline?
How hard is it to learn MATLAB for artificial intelligence coding?
Which definition is correct, machine learning engineer or developer?
Without considering the cost of the validation set, do I need a lot of data to reduce the train cost in the Deep Neural Network?
Where can I find a small dataset?
What is the proper algorithm of a support vector machine (SVM) with a kernel?
When using a basis model to represent a cubic spline, what is the meaning of the truncated power basis function and its math, in layman's terms?
How does bidirectional LSTM RNN work on recognition text?
What is the state of the art in algorithms or deep learning techniques to fix distorted audio?
What are some tricks for dealing with a zero inflated response variable when tackling a machine learning regression problem?
How are AI, machine learning and IoT beneficial in the remote countries?
How do you improve encryption using neural networks?
What are the resources available to learn about AI?
For a master's in machine learning, which would be a better choice, KTH (MS in machine learning) or Chalmers (MS in complex adaptive systems)?
Why does so much data become "dark"?
Can you recommend a great set of YouTube videos on machine learning and neural networks targeted at beginners?
How did Markov of Markov chain get started in mathematics? Was he identified as a genius within the Russian educational system?
Is Azure machine learning better than other machine learning?
What does a neural network attached to a dialog system look like?
In k-fold cross validation, can you assign folds by simply dividing up the independent variables into k segments?
How do I perform binary time series classification in real time on a small embedded device?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
What the 4th generation of neural network will be like? For example Google translator?
Neil Lawrence: What are deep Gaussian Processes? How are they different from regular Gaussian Processes?
How is machine learning incorporated into Cafe X's business model?
What is microarray data classification?
How does a system used for machine learning know that it is doing the right thing?
With the latest advancements in AI and machine learning, how close are we in modelling an actual attacker/state actor (threat modelling)?
What is your experience with JS Machine Learning libraries?
Can I pursue a direct PhD in AI/Machine Learning at CMU right after graduating from the BSc in AI and CS program at the University of Edinburgh?
Is it bad to jump from mobile development to web development and then machine learning without mastering the previous one?
Is it possible to detect fraud in real time using machine learning?
If there's a chance that our brain has a similarity with the neural network, then what lesson should we take in order to live better?
Can a trained hardwired, neuromorphic chip deep learning network be duplicated without having to train the new network?
How can we compare the decision trees from scikit-learn and from Spark ML? Which one will result in better accuracy and performance in the default settings?
Can I learn image processing and artificial intelligence within 6 months?
Are there any deep learning experts in Nigeria that are using Quora?
How tough is maths in the field of machine learning?
What is the best skill a QA can have: machine learning or IoT?
Who is further ahead in AI, Google or IBM?
How can I run multiple Weka Explorers (not command line)?
Is Microsoft working on artificial intelligence/Machine Learning (future) instead of working on old technologies like web development, etc?
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?
What is the best technology to learn for pursuing a career in Data Science and also Machine Learning?
Who's responsible for training or grooming models?
What is important in choosing clusters?
What's the fact behind machine learning?
What's the best route into Neural Network and Data Science related jobs?
Can I do a Master’s thesis in machine learning by myself, without being attached to a university? I would just take a problem and do my research in order to solve it.
Is Python used in the back-end for machine learning model building in production, or do we just use Python for simulations to build models only?
How can I use TensorFlow seq2seq to do regression such as price predictions? How should I set the embedding?
Do I need a PhD in distributed systems, machine learning, databases or similar specialization to get to L7+ at Google/FB/Amazon and make 1 mill+/year?
What is the best way/source to learn, construct and verify Turing machines?
What are some of top use cases for machine learning on cloud services in banking?
What is you experience of learning Python & Machine Learning at zekeLabs?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
From where do I get interesting open data sets to learn advanced machine learning concepts?
What exactly is a neural network, and exactly how can it be used to identify example pictures of cats?
What are quantum probabilistic graphical models?
Are neural networks with only conv (without any additional nonlinearity) and max-pooling layers as powerful as a ConvNet with ReLU and max-pooling?
When do machine parts get unbalanced?
Isn't it dangerous to throw your data at a black box algorithm (deep learning)? Will you trust a decision made by such an algorithm?
Is there a better method than unsupervised clustering to build a classifier for recommending suitable alternatives based on items with multiple continuous values?
How intelligent is IBM's Watson really?
How we can use machine learning and data science to make meaningful impact on the agricultural field in India?
Which should I learn in order to be an OCR expert? I want to convert IPA phonetic letters into simple English.
What are the mathematics to learn for future machine learning, category, and chaos theory?
Which engineering branch in India involves robotics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning?
Which are the best algorithms in machine learning for filling in or generating missing climatological data?
Does the Microsoft FPGA data center offer any deep learning algorithm as SaaS?
What is the best way to classify scientific texts using limited training data?
What is the difference between Speech to Meaning and Natural Language Understanding?
Which startups in AI/ML domain are looking for interns in Pune?
What are the common objectives in natural language processing?
Can I use Deep Learning to segment specific regions in an invoice and then to apply an OCR method to recognize its content? Is it a good idea?
How does k-fold cross validation work?
If a machine was able to create an antimatter copy of itself, would that antimatter machine theoretically be able to create another matter machine?
Is it possible to make a recommendation engine using text data?
Where can I learn more about the artificial intelligence company that Apple just announced it was purchasing today?
What type of data set do you need for training the model?
How could clustering be combined with classification?
What kind of machine learning models or techniques should be used on batch timestamp data (e.g., temperature over 2 hours)?
Why are chip breakers necessary for machining aluminium?
Where can I learn about machines effectively?
Deep learning is like a religion. Is it really changing technology as it appears to be doing?
Are we going toward the end of the human world?
What are some questions related to SVM that one can expect in a interview?
How can patterned neural activity guide the refinement of connectivity?
Is machine learning being used in the development of aircraft autopilot systems?
Can you explain in detail how I can apply a hyper-heuristic using reinforcement learning in the traveling salesman problem or any NP-hard problem?
How can I reduce the categorical levels with Chi2?
What are the best AI machine learning company stocks for 2017?
What is the best deep learning book for a beginner looking for a holistic overview?
What are projects that are possible for students to do as their graduation project in machine learning or a deep learning field?
What are some situations which would cause a random forest to perform more poorly than a decision tree?
How long is machine learning as a trend going to last?
Is there any MATLAB code available for neural network architecture optimization using genetic algorithm?
Can the Bouveault-Blanc reduction be used for reduction of unsaturated compounds?
What topics should one study from 'All of Statistics' by Larry Wasserman to prepare a solid foundation for machine learning?
Do I need to learn advanced knowledge (in math for example) to implement machine learning better?
What multi-server machine learning system is the easiest to install and the easiest to run on Raspberry Pi?
How do I search for the estimation of the F-distribution parameter using Bayesian or maximum likelihood?
Which subfield of scientific computing has good employability and job prospects?
What ML algorithm better fits into the use case where I need to predict the response time of a web application based on a previous dataset?
How does TRPO algorithm work?
What is a general workflow for approaching a machine learning problem?
Why are weights trained by TensorFlow of MNIST visualization full of noise?
Can people with average IQ (100) master machine learning and deep learning?
What are some fake review detection algorithms?
Besides SCPD, what are some good distance learning/online (or part time in NYC) masters in CS programs for machine learning specialization?
How do I use logistic regression to find out if some variable has an effect?
Can someone learn and uphold the authentic cooking techniques (the best and the forgotten ones) used in any particular culture?
What are some good project-based MOOCs for data science and machine learning?
Why is it difficult to integrate neural networks with symbolic reasoning?
What are the state of the art methods to scale CNNs to long videos and multi channel CT and MRI? How would you deal with the memory limitations?
Is it possible to train a neural network to convert human face images (selfies) into modern style cartoons?
How do we decide the tree depth in a Random Forest algorithm?
In Python and scikit-learn , how do I predict the output after standardizing data that was used in Ridge and Lasso for feature selection?
How important is machine learning in the future?
In NLP, can we predict the real value word embedding vectors, instead of using softmax over the word vocabulary?
What is the best way to get a Twitter dataset?
In Keras, how can I save a whole DNN net model and reload it?
Why is TensorFlow so slow?
Which algorithm would work the best for text data helpfulness classification?
How different are Generalized Linear regression and M estimation?
Can you identify question pairs that have the same intent and provide R code for a random forest or naive Bayes and explain the code?
Shall I continue with a PhD with no colleagues around?
Is any machine learning course really going to help?
What is the “Generalized Autoregression Conditional Heteroskedasticity Model”?
What is a Semantic-enhanced marginalised stacked denoising autoencoder?
I just got into grad school, and I want to work in the ML, AI and data mining field. I have a summer before school starts. Where should I begin?
How can I extract diverse tables from multiple HTML documents with out loosing structure?
Can I implement Linear Discriminant Analysis as a classifier after using it as a feature reduction?
Is Kaggle's Titanic competition tutorial a good way to learn machine learning?
How can you use reinforcement learning in robotics?
How do I make a Haar cascade classifier?
How can I fine-tune a pre-trained deep convolutional neural network model to do image classification on my own dataset?
Are machine learning use cases largely similar within a given industry such that the value only comes down to having proprietary or privileged data?
How are Dirichlet distribution and Dirichlet process related?
Why does training neural networks on multiple GPUs give a better performance than a single GPU machine?
What are the pros and cons of using a ConvNet on an image of a graph, compared to feeding a regular neural net with the same data as numbers?
How can I use machine learning in my mobile app?
What are some ideas to install an industry for the production of machine related component?
Does Inshorts use machine learning or natural language processing?
How is coding theory used in machine learning?
Could a machine learning model have predicted Federer's Australian open victory?
I want to go in the field of artificial intelligence so which college is best suited for it and which all subjects should I take for it?
What is the best technology to learn among big data, cloud computing, and machine learning, and why?
Why are there no machine-learning-powered ad blockers?
What are the best resources to learn the mathematics/statistics behind machine learning and deep learning?
How efficient is it to implement complex algorithms written in MATLAB to execute in Python, from a machine learning point of view?
Can I get a job in machine learning in Bangalore?
Where can I find the MATLAB code for principle component analysis and a multilayer perceptron ANN? I need these for fault diagnosis in rotating machines.
How do I apply deep learning or machine learning in electrical engineering, especially in smart grids?
What should I focus on more in machine learning speed (decision tree, linear regression) or accuracy (random forest, neural network, etc)?
How can I feel less amazed by machine learning and deep learning?
Is it possible to combine two neural networks into one?
Is it possible that SVMs with kernel will revive in the future? (competing with Deep Learning)
What is automated machine learning?
In a deep Q-network, what are the advantages/disadvantages of enumerating all possible action states even if actions are independent?
What is text annotation in machine learning? Explain with examples.
What is the effect on choosing a different number for abstract object input in supervised learning?
Is it just me or all the Q&As on Quora are fed into some massive AI for learning?
What is the simplest code example for Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) in TensorFlow?
Should I pursue my interest in machine learning, or should I learn web and Android development to get a job?
Can the Inception model be used for an image forgery detection data set containing tempered and non-tempered images?
What is the best machine learning?
What is a good machine learning algorithm to predict a range of continuous variables?
What exactly is openai.gym? What does it do?
Is there any solution to prevent the collapsing mode when using the Variational Autoencoders?
Are there any short courses (not online) in Machine Learning with Python in England?
Specifically, what are all the math concepts that I need to know to learn about machine learning and deep learning successfully?
What are good techniques to debug seq2seq LSTM time series models in TensorFlow?
Why are the calculations of the ML models mostly based on linear weighted sums?
Which should I choose: ETH Zurich's MSc in CS, fully funded Wisconsin-Madison’s MS CS, or Cornell’s MEng in CS?
Can I use machine learning to play a strategy game?
How do I reduce the dimensions of binary features (approx. 276)?
Are there any weaknesses in the use of max pooling and average pooling?
In deep learning, is there no (good) alternative to CUDA available? Isn't it bad to focus only on NVIDIA?
Should we directly use SVM instead of HOG + SVM if we want to preserve color information for a classification task?
Why is it that if we are overparameterized, then there exists a data distribution under which the generalization error could be arbitrarily bad?
What specific kind of "autoencoders" is MATLAB using, i.e. denoising, etc.
Is it possible to predict the verification codes for sites like Facebook and Gmail using Machine Learning?
Can I add GPU on my Mac for deep learning with Keras?
What are the best online resources to learn LSTMs (and RNNs)?
Which of the following projects would hold the most future benefit- 'the page rank behind Google,' 'complex brain networks,' or 'neural field models'?
Is IBM Watson overhyped?
How does one learn to predict the next word by predicting a path through a binary tree?
Is machine learning going to overthrow dynamical system?
Can we build a neural network that can learn to classify things?
What is the chronological order of face recognition algorithms?
How can one learn to deal with an addition?
How are machine learning and deep learning related?
What are the top machine learning startups in Israel?
What is the Bayesian Model Averaging and its applications?
What is exactly gain curve in machine learning?
If gradient descent updates a parameter based on the derivative, could it get stuck at a maximum?
What is the best machine learning classroom courses in Hyderabad?
Does the normalization of the weight vector affect the prediction of perceptron?
Why is the standard gradient descent rule non-covariant?
Does a neural network model which has fewer errors necessarily need to have high accuracy in testing data ?
How can one obtain a residual plot using R or Minitab for an ordinal logistic regression model (with 4 predictors)?
In the parking lot, according to the CL-RRT algorithm and biased Gaussian sampling method, how do I set the parameters of the biased Gaussian sampling?
What is future of mechanical engineering in the world of AI and machine learning?
Is there a term for a machine that cannot be driven backwards?
What is the advancement of deep learning vs artificial neural network?
What hardware is needed to implement an intruder detection system?
How could you cluster similar users in the MovieLens dataset?
Performance of the GPU in a Windows laptop for data processing purposes - How is it measured, and how to find out its value?
What is the process of building up high quality datasets at Kaggle?
For the variational auto encoder, why do people use cross entropy in the cost term as opposed to the sum (q (z|x*log (p(x|z))?
How do I get into top industry AI/ML research groups without getting a PhD?
Can machines understand the meaning of words?
What are recent advances in drag discovery using artificial neural networks?
Do algorithms have qualia?
Is supervised learning used more?
How can a machine learning engineer help a small restaurant owner improve their business?
How do I learn to build recommender systems with Python?
Do you need to be a genius to be able to pull off a PhD in Machine Learning or Statistics?
In artificial intelligence, which basic topics should we surely learn?
When I shop at Amazon, I only get recommendations per item. Don’t they take into account all the items in my cart when recommending things to me?
How do I design the output layer and the cost function in a NN for Multilabel-Multiclass (Mutually-Exclusive) Classification?
Why do some people always say that we can use much less statistics to estimate parameters with Bayesian Inference?
I am wondering if Bayesian optimization can be used in a fixed time, which is not a day long?
How does a neural network give the answer of a new input not used in learning?
What are the limitations of a computer-aided approach in electrical machine designing?
What data augmentation techniques are available for deep learning on text?
How should I decide the discount factor in reinforcement learning?
Is it possible to use machine learning for generating CSS styles?
Is it possible to apply object localization without having box regions in the ground truth?
How do I identify entities in natural language search query?
Why is the multi-armed bandit a one-state MDP?
When is deep learning used in scientific research, in the physics and maths fields?
Why does learning machine learning make you a great thinker?
What is difference between Retesting and regression testing?
How do I learn theoretical machine learning?
How the better classify events using machine learning?
What applications does machine learning have in cybersecurity?
In layman’s terms, how would you explain the distributional hypothesis in natural language processing (NLP)?
How do I compute precision and recall for classification, where both classes are equally important?
What are some interesting project ideas in Deep Learning?
What are some Kaggle problems that will help a beginner to advance?
Is it available to use artificial learning to course arrangement?
Research has been done on driver behavior profiling to help reduce road accidents. Do you think it works? If not, what improvements can be made?
Where can I learn more about predictive modeling for patterns of human settlement?
What are examples of machine learning projects where heuristics are effectively combined with model predictions?
What are the topics that a UX designer must pay attention to for AI, Big Data, and ML?
Is it possible to create my own layer in Tensorflow?
Does the “tap 2 find” feature in Toontrack EZDrummer use Machine Learning to find similar MIDI files?
If deep learning outperforms other machine learning models, why don't we always use deep learning for solving ML problems?
What are some off-the-shelf solutions providers in AI & ML for retail?
I dream to invent the first artificial superintelligence. What paths should I take?
What are some project ideas for undergraduates related to machine learning and IoT?
How can I analyse the results of the WEKA experimenter on several data sets? Is it only deciding on V and *?
There are 40 attributes in a vector, and there are 50 or more such vectors. How do you find the similarity between these 50 or more vectors?
What is the objective of automatic recognition?
Do economists use probabilistic graphical models?
Do algorithms rely on AI to predict a surface on a video or image?
Why does single-layer MoS2 have broader Raman peaks than multi-layer? Why do the Raman peaks get narrower as the thickness of the MoS2 layers increases?
What is a perceptron?
How do I get Indian people image dataset to make my own full body classifier?
How do I get job at Google New York as a software developer or for machine learning right after college?
How can I use the M. L. Khanna book properly?
What is a new trend in linguistics studies?
Why have Google, Microsoft, and Apple all acquired many machine learning startups?
What career options are there for an undergraduate with an interest in deep learning, computer vision and artificial intelligence?
When should we perform feature selection before running deep neural networks?
How can principal component analysis be explained in simple words?
Can Generative Adversarial Networks be described as a training method where the loss function is learned instead of being hand selected?
How can I convince middle management to embrace external machine learning trends and to invest in the skills of their employees?
What do you think about blockchain technology and its future use?
Is interpretability of deep neural networks a solvable problem?
What does machine learning do to our religions, and will AI believe in God once singularly is reached?
The OLS method requires a set of assumptions to ensure that the estimates are unbiased. Does the gradient descent method also require similar assumptions?
I want to buy a decent second hand PC for starting out with deep learning buying a GeForce GTX 1070, what features should I care about?
What are the current best preventions for adversarial example attacks in neural networks (May 2017)?
Why do cranes and big machines have diesel engines?
What is organising learning?
How do you use a multi-armed bandit for a recommender system if the items in your catalog have different prices?
What are some good Product Management resources for AI/ML/NLP?
What are the limitations of some dimensionality reduction methods you know about and how do you think researchers can improve them?
What are the areas where AI and machine learning are being used in supply chain and operations?
What is the difference between confusion matrix and area under curve?
How does a machine learning system store its learned memory?
Should I quit my job and spend 3 years to learn machine learning and deep learning?
By 2037, will most jobs be done by machines and AI?
What does stationary data mean in machine learning and data science?
Which algorithm works best for adversarial bandits?
I need a laptop for deep learning. What budget laptops should I buy in India? I am just starting with deep learning.
Why do Conditional GANs need Gaussian noise z in addition to input x?
Assume 10 data samples, each with 36 entries and the entry has 100 dimension. Which is better to save in R, nested lists or Matrix of vectors?
The Gaussian density function is said to represent many concrete real life processes, can anyone list them to me?
Which university is better for a master's in Computer Science with a specialization in Machine Learning, UCLA or University of Toronto?
What is lucky algorithm and its real life implementations?
In the real-world scenario, data is both linear and non-linear. How can I use ANN to handle linear data?
Is it likely that artificial neural networks would have been discovered without trying to model the brain?
Can I learn artificial intelligence without knowing machine learning?
Is Pan-Ning Tan, Steinbach and Kumar a good introductory text for Data Mining?
How do I interpret the Wagner-Whitin model matrix for 12 periods?
Are there any good survey papers on supervised dimensionality reduction?
After an M.Sc. in Statistics, should studying Machine Learning be helpful? I don't want to pursue a PhD in Statistics right now.
What are the good books on image reconstruction using principal component analysis in MATLAB?
What is the intuition behind the issue of variable dependency in regression/time-series models?
Which one is better for algorithms and machine learning, Coding Ninjas or Coding Blocks? I am preparing for IT giant companies.
What are some good programs to evaluate the output of a speech recognition system?
Can the covariance matrix for the Gaussian process be made to vary with time?
How do I study deep learning in depth? I have a good knowledge of it, but I’m interested to understand the details.
How would you explain backpropagation in neural networks to me like I am a 5-year-old?
Are there (yet) any AA missiles using visual imagery and machine learning to become nearly unevadable?
What practical skills should an aspiring machine learning researcher learn (Linux, parallel computing, GPU, ect.)?
Is it worth pursuing a PhD in Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing?
What is the best approach to build an implicit recommender system?
What is natural language processing?
For someone new to Machine Learning, how do I enter the self-driving cars field?
Is it possible for a language major (English literature) to start a career in the field of Natural Language Processing? If yes, then how?
What is a generative model for data that is consistent with using the (discriminative) model of logistic regression?
What is embedded intelligence?
What parts of a data scientist's job are least likely to be automated in the future?
In what ways can Machine Learning be used in a typical production server support environment?
What is the minimum knowledge required to apply for a natural language processing and machine learning post?
What are some things that I need to do in order to become good at machine learning?
What are some introductory projects that can be undertaken in the arena of machine learning and cyber security?
How can I get the segmentation patterns of each cluster found by k-means?
What are some good universities across the United States that offer Master’s degree courses for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
What’s a good approach to machine learning regular expressions, using just examples?
How do I form a team in Kaggle?
What is the algorithm to find out the pattern in images for feature extraction?
How can I use KNN for mixed data (categorical and numerical)?
What is better for making conversational chat bots (using NLP), Deep Learning or traditional Machine Learning?
What exactly differentiates a recurrent neural network from a feed forward network with a limited time window?
Should I work for salary in a company or for learning process?
Are there any open source image analysis and feature classification software packages for thermal imaging?
Where can I find some tutorials on neural networks?
Is there any connection between an LDPC's belief propagation and a neural network’s back propagation?
What are the best practices for building something like a News Feed?
Which is a better elective, Natural Language Processing (NLP) or Digital Image Processing (DIP)?
How can I use machine learning to find the unique subsequences from a DNA sequences (FASTQ format) dataset which only have one type of disease?
What are the best artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep vision, and NLP websites/blogs in 2017?
Why does data mining with machine learning not involve statistical hypothesis testing?
Is it better to learn AI over ML, in case ML becomes obsolete?
Can you improve or learn to drive using a race simulator?
By using the sliding window method, how do you train an SVM over HOG features?
What are the algorithms that can be used in R for prediction in categorical data?
How can I become a machine learning engineer without college?
What is a good book or other source for a quick review of regression, including OLS and logistic?
How do I learn sentiment analysis? Is there a complete guide available online?
What is the correct approach to perceiving Artificial Intelligence, and what are the right ways to learn it?
What's the diferrence between machine learning and deep learning?
Why don't scientists work on time controlling machines?
Does functional analysis provide a generalized version of the complex singular value decomposition of a complex matrix?
What degree is needed for a career in machine learning?
What is adversarial machine learning? What are some real examples of that?
Where can I find research assistantship/ internship openings in computer science-related fields, like machine learning/deep learning/NLP/CV?
Should I shuffle train and test dataset sin financial time series forecasting?
Is an MS or PhD in Machine Learning necessary to work in this field in any company?
How do I read the accuracy of Naive Bayes algorithm for a binary classification?
Which algorithm does Google's AutoDraw use to associate our drawing with an existing one?
Is Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course still the best machine learning course out there?
Which database is good for a recommender system?
How do I learn Google AI TensorFlow easily with a non-IT background?
What is the correct replay memory algorithm in Q-learning with a neural network?
Can I use machines used in restaurants for an apparel store?
What type of problem is best suited to using gradient-boosted machines?
Is the backprop used to format convolutional filter use the response from the classifier?
What are the NLP, ML and AI libraries that are used by Quora to process the text content?
How can I learn precision?
What are the relevant features to extract from a weather time series needed for a classification purpose?
How does Amazon Echo respond instantly to a phrase?
Can we do sentiment analysis on YouTube data like we do on Twitter using API in Python? How? If not, is there any other way to do it?
How does the performance of CNNs and CDBNs on image and 3D segmentation and classification compare?
As a framework, do you recommend Apache MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe, or Caffe2?
How do you design or image a computer simulation/model about the human brain?
What theory of learning is being applied when the teacher is using direct instruction and giving a quiz?
Can I use machine learning for parsing emails?
How do I implement DBSCAN algorithm with 1000 variables?
What are the current trends in gradient free optimization?
What are possible ways to create a fixed sized feature vector from a variable sized input vector?
How is data augmentation done when it comes to sound data?
How do I use sonnet framework?
What is high-dimensional data in big data?
What is non-parametric data?
What is the best real world analogy to explain singular value decomposition (SVD) to someone with little math background?
What are the different techniques for natural language processing to solve an autograding essay?
Which dimensionality reduction method can maintain the translation relations between points?
What machine learning systems have you helped build? What were the biggest challenges you and your team faced?
Does it really affect if we model a feature in Boolean vs numeric (1 for true and 0 for false) while using scikit-learn ML algorithms?
In machine learning, is the bias the same thing as an approximation error?
What is an automated causal search?
Can Indians develop a neural lace?
What are the key differences between Bayesian program learning and deep learning?
What is the state of the art talking about time series forecasting with ML?
What are the differences between DBN and CNN? Which one is good for object detection and why?
Can you suggest some summer schools on Gaussian Process Models?
Is it possible to do a PhD in machine learning, after an MSC in applied maths?
How does Redfin use recommender systems?
Are Deep Learning & Neural Networks different fields of computer science?
How can I learn machine learning quickly?
What is formability and machinability?
Is Bayesian optimization for continuous values?
What are the most basic neural network models a beginner should learn?
In which cases does transfer learning or fine-tuning a model not work?
How does AdaBoost decide decision stumps on a multivariate case?
How do performance for deep neural networks evaluation differs with batch size?
What are the unresearched applications of artificial intelligence?
Why do people feign interest in Computer Science research areas like Machine Learning?
Do the current techniques of machine learning applicable to captioning a modern commercial film of English language?
What are the best books for solving GATE level problems in an n-machine power system except previous solved paper?
What is natural language understanding?
What are the promising new techniques in machine learning? Specially in multivariate time series.
What is MRI brain extraction in deep learning?
When using LSTMs on a time series is there some way to artificially place a bias on more recent time steps to align more with the previous step?
Where can I find a large chart image dataset?
What are best machine learning sources?
What are some recommended books for machine learning beginners?
How do I study the Deep Learning textbook by Ian Goodfellow?
Is GloVe a deep learning model? Does it have anything to do with deep learning or neural nets?
What are some web resources that provide large amounts of data about car crashes (especially DVR records of the crash)?
Is submodularity taught in graduate school in machine learning?
What is the generalized algorithm for the steepest descent method that can be input into Scilab?
What model platform ideas can one sell using sponsored data input?
What do you mean by potential gradient?
What are the best source for learning Machine Learning and Natural Language processing?
What percentage of CFA jobs will machines take in the next 5 years?
Is it a crazy idea to quit a job at the age of 32 years old in order to learn programming, machine learning and deep learning for 1 year?
I am a .NET programmer. I am starting to learn machine learning. Should I learn Python or R for practice?
Is it possible to map multilayer perceptron and random forest results from WEKA using GIS?
How is the working environment in Action Non Food BV?
Do random forest tend to overfit as the learning rate is increased?
How do I switch to a computer vision job?
Is there a good Python library to impute missing values using more advanced methods rather than mean/median/most frequent value?
Can a machine learning model use multiple algorithms such as logistic regression, neural networks, and decision trees at the same time?
Where can I find the best explanation about how machine learning works?
How can you export a trained convolutional neural network from TensorFlow to MATLAB?
What are some applications of machine learning and AI, for space-based remote sensing data and GIS?
Who introduced GPU to deep learning?
What are the available public datasets for Automatic Target Recognition in Synthetic Aperture Radar images?
What is the best order of learning to learn machine learning?
Is the Data School machine learning with text course worth it?
How can we make use of learning in the future?
Is training neural networks akin to making illegal moonshine in the prohibition era?
Is gradient boosting appropriate for class-imbalanced data sets?
Why is main reinforcement always kept below the distribution reinforcement?
Which course should I take after a first course in machine learning, AI or NLP?
Are there any benefits in advancing artificial intelligence research from DeepMind’s victory over Ke Jie besides PR?
I started to learn machine learning and AI. And I also installed the Anaconda framework and Unity. How can I get sample Anaconda projects to test?
How do I determine & build usage patterns based on user's location history? What are the sources of data or available research on this topic?
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?
How do I prepare for a data science or machine learning interview at a big tech company?
With keywords as the input, are there any models to generate meaningful text?
What are the features of a BS4 engine?
Are self-awareness and selfish motivation requirements for AGI/ASI?
How can I solve a multicollinearity problem to make a regression on an economics series?
Where can I get the best lectures on reinforcement learning?
Many deep learning frameworks have been developed till now. As a freshman in the area, how can you do further research or engineering work in deep learning?
How do machine learning application scale?
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?
Which major is better if I want to study Machine Learning and AI in grad school: a BS in Computer Science or a BA in Data Science?
When running a cross-validation, am I supposed to run a cross-validation only once to build a model or as many times as I want?
What are the best techniques for recognizing content topics and building recommendations from a series of links/conversations?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
I want to go for robotics and machine learning and I am in 1st year ECE. How should I begin in stepwise manner?
After TensorFlow, should I really bother with learning C++ for machine learning or should I stick to Python?
Which top US universities can I target for a master’s in artificial intelligence/machine learning with a budget of 30-40 lacs INR?
Should I go for a game development year-long internship and job offer when I am interested in data science and machine learning?
How much does Facebook pay for a PhD in machine learning?
How can I design machine learning algorithms from scratch?
How is machine learning relevant to me as an investor?
Do you know of any research groups or companies that think about applying artificial intelligence to the corporate finance field?
Does having a deep knowledge of reinforcement learning change your outlook towards life? How?
Is having skills like web or Android development valuable for someone who desires to become a data scientist, or am I just wasting my time? Note that I am studying IT engineering.
Using TIMIT database for speech, historically we fold the phones from usual 61 to 48 while training and 39 while testing. Why?
With Google, etc., offering machine learning tools through their clouds, is it wise to start a consulting company that offers ML based services?
Can Seasonal Hybrid ESD (S-H-ESD) be used as an anomaly detection algorithm for SAX's string output?
What is the conversion of cc into mL?
Should I still watch out for multicollinearity when training NNs or other non-linear models?
How advanced is multilingual NLP? If machine learning generates results for one language does it take the same effort to add another?
Can I publish a paper on machine learning using publicly available data sets and without the help of any guides or professors?
Where can we use machine learning in banking and finance?
What does Keras do when the number of training examples is not a multiple of the batch size?
Could neural networks be used to breed a dog in the style of a champion?
What are probabilistic computational models?
Why there are some tutorials saying ICA is a non-linear version of PCA?
When can I get the data vector after using an RBF kernel?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I classify objects (buildings, vegetation, ground, vehicles…) in point cloud data acquired from Lidar?
What are some discriminative neural networks?
Is it a waste of time to learn machine learning library such as TensorFlow instead of implement the algorithms from scratch?
Why do we use vectors in perceptrons or may other machine learning algorithms instead of scalars?
What are some examples of cool machines?
Can the human brain suffer from overfitting?
How is machine learning and deep learning implemented in Android applications?
Where can I find good image sets for image recognition model training?
How can learning be defined in artificial intelligence?
How do we wisely choose the epoch value for the training of a deep learning model (especially for LSTM)?
How does one Master’s graduate apply to a PhD in a somewhat different field?
What are the most well-known instances of incremental classification models in machine learning?
Does knowledge in machine learning help in raising kids?
Is it possible for a high schooler to start learning machine learning?
How do I solve a problem of a large distance matrix in t-SNE?
In convolutional neural networks, what should the size of the last feature maps be? Is it beneficial to go as small as possible, e.g. 1 x 1?
What is the "lexicographic method" in optimization?
Do I need to pursue a second PhD in AI to be successful in the AI or machine learning field, if I already have a PhD in physics?
What are some good papers about the performance evaluation of Machine Learning Algorithms in the field of economics or generally in the social sciences?
What is the Bentham and Hooker classification?
How do I handle the data that each sample is a two dimensional time series? For example, trajectory data set. (machine learning)
How do you maintain your in-depth machine learning knowledge?
What is SVM? Can you explain the algorithm in detail and its application?
What is Generalized Reduced Gradient (GRG) nonlinear programming?
What are the best universities in Canada/Australia that offer master’s degrees in Machine Learning? Are they better than the top US universities?
Which CS subjects are the most important to cover for an EE undergrad to do well in an MSCS program specializing in ML or NLP?
The best line fit can be found analytically by the least squares method. Can we say that linear regression (least squares) has an optimizer?
Is artificial intelligence mechanically achievable?
What is the use of k-means clustering? Where is it applied?
Why is daily practice essential in any task? Explain in terms of psychology and brain neural networks.
Why did it take so long for Thompson Sampling to be proven as the optimal solution to the multi-armed bandit?
How is artificial intelligence used in RPA?
What are the best machine learning summer schools for summer 2017 in Europe?
What exactly is a Dynamic Neural Network?
Which is the better machine learning research center in Canada, MILA Institute or Vector Institute?
How do I use artificial intelligence to pay online?
Does it makes sense to measure/analyze the relationships between descriptors of a given dataset ?
What is it like to do a Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Data Mining and Big Data in Bangalore?
How can I incorporate side information into a convolutional neural net classifier?
What are the skills required for an FPGA hardware designer to work in machine learning/AI domain?
What are top graduate programs in machine learning that would also be good places to combine this topic with climate change research?
What are the best machine learning algorithms that are used for classification?
Why is there a decrease in the performance of pre-trained models?
How can we prevent the hijacking of high level AI by criminals? How might they use it against the world?
What are the principles of natural language processing in AI?
Which tutorials or books will I find good for machine learning and soft computing codes?
In an $950 laptop for deep learning, is a 1050ti (4GB) OK for entry level?
How important is a good professor for Calc 1?
Is it possible to use the GloVe model (stanford NLP) for other categorizations like active/passive and happy/sad, or is it just for positivity/negativity?
How can I detect anomalies, considering the influence of non-stationary noises?
What site or book should I refer to learn artificial intelligence?
What are some counter intuitive theories?
In scikit-learn, what is the difference between SGDClassifer with log=loss and logistic regression?
Which biotechnological problems are currently being explored using deep learning?
Does the magnitude of eigenvectors mean anything in spectral clustering?
What are the best programming languages to learn for machine learning and natural language processing?
Why would a parameter ever be deemed to be a 'nuisance parameter'? Why would sigma be deemed a nuisance in the context of Gaussian distribution?
What was the “Enigma” machine?
How do I perform character-level text classification, using Caffe? I need help with the data preparation steps as well.
How can we minimize idle GPU time when using TensorFlow?
Should I go for a Ph.D. in Machine Learning, if I am targeting research level positions in the industry, though I work in the virtualization and cloud computing area?
What are the applications of moving object detection?
What are some good approaches for information retrieval on a short text?
How can machine learning help a mechanical engineer working in the IT field?
With the development of scalable computing frameworks like TensorFlow and Spark, will single-machine computing still be relevant? NumPy could be just API.
What is the actual significance of weights in neural network?
Is learning machine learning in online courses really worthwhile?
How do I code XOR gate in artificial neural network?
How does a neural network learn? Is it by a back-propagation algorithm?
How can we combine two deep neural networks and train them end to end?
How does deep learning differ from (error) backpropagation?
Are support vector classifiers different from soft margin classifiers?
How can I start building simple machines if I am a total beginner?
Can a startup use a machine learning/deep learning technology in a B2C platform (considering the availability of data)?
Where can I find a labeled data set for sentiment analysis in Spanish?
Is there an NLP test metric that specifically zeroes in on word order?
What parts of the spacecraft vontrol system are automated by learning from data (machine learning)?
Can we approximate the partition function ZZZ well if we only have access to a sampling method from p(x)p(x) p(x)  and access to the unnormalized probability?
Is there an optimal anomaly detection setup (supervised, semi-supervised, unsupervised) or does it depend on the particular problem to be solved?
Which is the best (computer) networking book to refer to?
How do I develop an application which can diagnose a disease like ADHD (Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder)?
What are the recent paper of convolutional neural networks (CNN) for optical character recognition (OCR)?
Will MIT's 2017 discovery of memory formation imply inspiration for deep neural net architecture?
VIT (Vellore) offers an M.Tech in biomedical engineering. Does this course prepare you to work in the artificial neural networks/signal and image processing domain?
What is an easy explanation for using the cross entopy as a cost function for softmax?
What are the best NLP companies?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
In a 100-dimensional word-vector, say, what do each of those 100 features correspond to?
Is there any mind map of speech recognition?
Why is machine learning important?
When do I know I am ready for machine learning?
From where can I study artificial intelligence as it is not in my college curriculum?
What do you think about the demand of artificial Intelligence?
Which regression techniques are more robust than latent class regression?
What is the difference between transfer learning and domain adaptation in deep learning?
How should I pursue a career involving Artificial Intelligence in India?
How can we find the accuracy of fuzzy C mean clustering in MATLAB?
Why can't the GeeksforGeeks website publish articles on machine learning?
What is the difference between machine learning and MDPs (Markov decision processes)?
Should we always use neural networks with regularization?
Should I major in statistics and minor in CS or the other way around, if I am interested in AI, ML,and DL?
Is it fine to create a tutorial post in my blog about a competition hosted on Kaggle, after it ended?
Are there any companies working related to machine learning in Coimbatore?
What are the exact steps to reproduce YOLO v2 in TensorFlow as I cannot fully understand the anchor box and the last layer?
Have anyone registered for the Cognizance course at Coding Ninjas?
How can I land with machine learning in an engineering job just after my b.tech?
What is the process for converting my data set to the MINIST data set?
How do I know if I implemented a deep learning architecture in a published paper correctly?
How does de-biasing Lasso work?
How long should it take for a 1-dimensinal data to fit a Gaussian Mixture Model?
Can I use deep learning or ANN for a clustering problem like KNN?
How do I understand the beauty of the backpropagation algorithm?
Is transductive learning a popular technique in machine learning?
What Machine Learning algorithms are most useful for forex trading?
How can I get the predicted labels per example row after applying a 5-fold cross-validation in RapidMiner, e.g. for SVM?
Which is better for doing an MS in CS (with a specialization in Machine Learning), UT Austin, UCLA or Columbia University?
What are funny job titles for machine learning engineers or data scientists?
Can AGI be achieved by gradient-based optimization? If not, why doesn't OpenAI put more focus on neuroevolution?
What is batch normalization?
What does "Bagging reduces the variance while retaining the bias" mean?
How is deep learning research at NYU?
How do I get into robotics and/or machine learning?
Can a beginner programmer complete a Natural Language Processing project?
How do I solve Iris flower dataset classification problem using Machine Learning algorithm in Java?
What are some great podcasts that talk about IOT, Machine Learning, SDLC, etc.?
What is currently the easiest way to do text detection in images?
If the factors in a multivariate regression model are assumed to be response independant, how good is regression analysis at analysing complex systems?
What is “machine learning” about?
How are the filters and output of the convolution layer being computed?
Where can I find machine learning dashboards to test all the recent developments?
Is it a nice idea to do a Ph.D. in machine learning from IIT Indore having done an MSc and an M.Phil in mathematics from DU?
Does Google Photos use DPP machine learning to curate photos?
Why does my custom HOG detector always draws a rectangle on the center of image and not on the person?
Can we view clustering as a form of dimension reduction?
How was Pearson's correlation coefficient derived?
How do I test the extracted rules of the rule-based classifier, and what's the next step that I should do after I create this model?
What are some good video lectures about machine learning and deep learning?
What is the best option to automate tasks that use table information, browsing and logic?
Is squashing pixels of images to values b/w 0 and 1 as a preprocessing step enough for all deep learning problems?
How can l explain that sequential representations are invariant to the length variation of sequence-like object in convolutional neural network?
What is the best unsupervised method to find semantic object parts in images?
How should I train my train model with a regression model?
Does self-learning AI use unsupervised learning?
Which are the leading organisations/companies working in the field of CAD/Machine designing field?
What is the best way to learn aptitude?
What is the difference between 'linear regression' and 'generalized linear regression'?
How much do machine learning experts earn?
What is the purpose of a CMM machine?
Should we expect the first AI to defy us and rebel against it just being our tool?
Have you ever come across an ensemble of convolution and recurrent neural networks?
What are the best online institutes for machine learning?
What is the role deep learning playing at Segment?
How can I find all publicly available data sets, e.g., Google for data sets?
What are the best ways to learn data science if you are working as a mainframe developer?
Do practitioners in industry actually use DPP for machine learning?
How do I make $10,000 in a month if my background is Physics/Mathematics, and I’m interested in Machine Learning/AI?
How do I combine two different loss functions, which are in different scales?
Which libraries/frameworks help in deploying neural network weights on different hardware platforms?
What are some good research topics in artificial neural networks or data mining?
What is the difference between a .pb file produced by tf.train.write_graph and the .meta files produced by tf.Saver.save in TensorFlow?
Where does Jungle Scout get the Amazon data set it uses to project sales volume?
Does Artifical Intelligence currently play any role in the advancement of renewable energy?
What is Mandrel size used in reinforcement bending?
Which machine learning methods does Featurespace use to detect fraud?
Do the machine learning models in driverless cars use supervised, unsupervised or reinforcement learning?
What is the best way to learn about computational neuroscience?
What are the minimum characteristics of the necessary system of deep learning for object tracking?
Can I ever be good enough in machine learning?
If a machine learning model is developed using a standard framework in Python (ie. ski-kit learn), can the model still be considered IP?
What are the reasons that robots should be used for automated scoring of written content using natural language processing?
Should I join a machine learning sales role at Meltwater or a real estate sourcing role at WeWork?
Where did you learn the current skills you use to make streams of income you currently have?
How do I run IB3 on Weka?
Where can I find a PhD position in computational biology and machine learning in North America or the UK?
To what extent are optimization techniques from machine learning, like gradient descent, being used in financial modeling?
What is the difference between TensorFlow and MATLAB when developing DL programs?
How are vocabulary subset computed in "On Using Very Large Target vocabulary for Neural Machine Translation"?
How might one detect internal expressions with NLP?
Theoretically speaking, is it possible to predict the stock market using technology (AI, ML)?
How can a physics student with no programming background build a career in machine learning or artificial intelligence in the US?
What is the best way for a school student to learn artificial intelligence?
Can machines teach other machines?
What is meant by 'held-out likelihood' in statistics or machine learning?
Is Université de Montréal good for computer vision?
How are Convolutional Neural Networks related to the convolution integral?
How can artificial epigenetics be useful for artificial intelligence?
How do I solve logical reasoning number series problems with machine learning?
Is studying Microprocessors and Interfacing in college really going to help me later when I want to continue in the field of ML/AI?
Which foreign companies offer internships to final-year CS students in PHP, Python, ML, and AI without paying any money to access an internship portal?
How good is AWS for machine learning?
My experience with the performance of IBM Watson's NLP capabilities were bad. How was yours?
In Machine Learning, one constructs a model to be applied against test data. What is the object called that comes back, populated with results?
Is it worth spending 6 lacs in IIITB or going to IIIT Allahabad? I’m really confused about this. I have an interest in machine learning, so which would be best?
Which should I learn, Node, Rails, Android developing, or machine learning?
What is the symbolic learning theory?
In AI, what is an ML model?
Is cross-entropy loss always better than squared-error loss for deep learning tasks?
How can I read everything about machine learning in Quora?
Why are there so many fake data scientists and machine learning engineers?
What should I charge for machine learning consulting work?
Can random forests be used for explanatory analysis?
What problems does AI and Machine learning helps in neuroscience?
Will information ever run out?
How is Mathematical Logic used in Computational Linguistics/Natural Language processing?
What does "How many experiment can you run in terms of Machine Learning" mean?
How can I perform max pooling on the text input in TensorFlow?
What is the best book for the design of machine elements?
Is it good to start my career as a software engineer first, then go to machine learning after getting experience?
What is the best predictive algorithm to predict behavior using a CSV from my checking account?
How do I compare an input against a number of trained neural networks to output an integer e.g 1,2,3 (7 NN to compare to in MATLAB)?
What is the difference between Hidden Markov Chain and Markov Chain?
Will it work if Propofol 10mg/ml is taken orally?
What programming frameworks (e.g., Theano, TensorFlow, Torch) do development teams use to implement deep learning applications in production?
What do natural language processing researches do?
How likely is it that someday the USA will have an AI computer or machine as president?
What are some good courses for learning machine learning using Scala?
Why do we use the discretize option in Weka?
What percentage of time will I spend working on machine learning algorithms as a senior analyst with Dunnhumby if I join the business insights team?
What are the advantages of sentiment analysis in education?
What are the possible/potential benefits of solving/completing Kaggle competitions for a prospective graduate student?
What is the best available question generation neural network?
How do I use cross -validation in a GMM-UBM approach?
How do I apply deep learning or machine learning to satellite imagery?
How do I decide between data science (mining, analytics, and analysis) and machine learning?
What is the best way to compute prediction intervals for neural networks?
What are the complexity, challenge and strength of recommender systems?
What companies in Chicago offer machine learning and data science research summer internships?
What is the MOC of a machine? Why is it required?
How can Python be used for support vector machine classification?
Convolutional neural networks have had great success in vision for computers. Can we apply them to NLP and speech, as well?
In which order should I learn neural networks, machine learning, AI, and NPL?
What are the usual data science algorithms for insurance companies to classify fraud and non-fraud claims?
At this moment, how hard is the competition for getting a job in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence in the Bay Area with a PhD?
What are some good books on the practical aspects of machine learning?
Can a senior tester enter into machine learning?
How do I classify watermelons? I need 3 outputs (ripe, unripe and unidentified) for using in an artificial neural network.
What is SPM8 in preprocessing?
What is the average starting and mid-career salary of someone with a master's in machine learning?
I want to learn machine learning, what should be my course plan?
How do I compute the overall accuracy, FAR, FRR of my Violation Detection Computer Vision Algorithm?
How can I get the data for deep learning in bioinformatics or fintech?
Can I use clustering (k-means, etc) on a large set of data to automate the process of finding similarities and make recommendations?
Is there an algorithm that can generate an equation based on given set of patterns/data?
What is the best machine learning training in Bangalore?
What is the best way to learn about blockchain industry applications?
I am new to programming, what does it mean to train a neural network?
What do you think about EXIN certifications in Ethical Hacking and Machine Learning?
Do ABD undergrads get MA/PhD roles in tech/quantitative finance firms?
What are the elements in reinforced learning?
What are the typical steps involved to solve a problem with machine learning?
What is the difference between calling a tf.Session after and before constructing a computational graph in TensorFlow?
What is “plim” in regression?
How can I change my field of work from a software engineer with C++ to Machine Learning and AI?
If AI create forms of math too complicated for humans to understand, will we still try to learn them?
What are the most creative applications of reinforcement learning?
Who is leading in machine learning research between CMU and Google?
What is best way or tool to make multi-labeling for digits dataset?
What are some best practices for training machine learning models?
Is deep learning a better career than IC design, nowadays?
Is the hardware requirement for GANs the same as the usual discriminative neural network?
How many people want to learn about computer vision, game development (PC and Android), neural networks, JavaScript, Arduino and robot-making online?
Should I go into data analysis or machine learning?
What are some good introductions/reviews on dimensionality reduction and/or Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) in Machine Learning?
What's the best way to cheaply train and run large neural nets for people without access to corporate or academic resources?
How do I classify a time series, where each value is a distribution?
Are review papers in Machine Learning easier to publish than normal research papers?
What are the main uses of Twitter and Facebook sentiment analysis?
Are there any remaining formalized computer vision tasks where a human is still substantially better than a machine?
Is soft max a type of Gibbs distribution?
What input neurons can I use for playing a grid-based game with Q-learning and neural network?
Where does the softmax loss come from?
Which part of our neural system acts as a master clock?
How important is to find the global minimum instead of local minimum in neural networks?
What does fit method actually do in KNN and other classifiers, in scikit-learn in Python?
What data was used to train the NER model in spaCy?
What is conceptual clustering?
What is the goal of classification?
What is the meaning of chunk in learning and studying field?
Do you know all the business functions where Machine Learning is impacting the world?
How can so many people be certain about AI’s future?
Can one train a probabilistic model without having to compute the partition function?
What are some conferences and journals related to NLP?
Is there a way to see the classification error of the word prediction task from gensim word2vec?
Can one design an AI to make itself better via some reinforcement learning, including changing its own model and hyper parameter?
What are the names of some renowned professors who are conducting research in deep learning with an emphasis on DSP and adaptive filtering as an application area?
What is MarcoPolo Learning?
I’m currently a marketing analyst and have the option to either move to the machine learning area or be a program manager. Which is better, since I have an MBA?
What is the meaning of "PAC learning with irrelevant attributes"?
What is “log loss”?
How can I know if the data sample I selected is good for a regression model?
How can I implement basic matrix factorization for recommendation system in Java? And which library is the best to use in this case?
I’ve completed Stanford's CS229 lectures and problem sets. Now what?
What is the best ML classifier to use to predict x, y, and z locations in 3D space, assuming sufficient training data?
What's the best place to find a remote machine learning job?
How can I be reasonably sure how many duplicates are in my data set?
What tool can I use to extract relationships out of text?
How do I integrate the concept of artificial intelligence with machine learning, deep learning and neural networks (real world based example)?
Do you think machine learning is just another bubble, or is it really the future?
Is there any way to load a pre-trained model, that was trained using Theano, into TensorFlow?
What do I need to do for a chat bot, with machine learning?
Which technique do you prefer in feature extraction in images?
How do you use mini-batches in LSTMs for time series prediction, if you only have a single, long time series?
Will a machine learning model ever be better than its training set?
How do we generate and manage intermediate forms in natural language processing tasks?
What are some marketplace sites for making money online?
What should I do to collect my own MNIST like data for training purposes?
Andrew Ng: What are some exciting new directions in deep learning this year?
Should I be amazed that my colleagues know TensorFlow, Caffe, scikit, Theano and deep learning?
What machine learning libraries are various companies using?
Does Airbnb hire junior machine learning practitioners, or do they prefer to hire grad school PhDs?
What is the importance of a VC(for Vapnik–Chervonenkis) dimension? How can that be explained in detail?
How do I start to learn AI?
What would artificial intelligence perceive as beautiful?
What is the relationship between language development and learning /teaching process?
What is the difference between "training" and "tuning"? Is tuning a part of training?
What should I learn for machine learning, C++ or Python?
What are some mind blowing facts about programming data science and machine learning?
Signal processing techniques along with machine learning; have been used together for fault diagnosis while ML can do all alone for CBM. Why?
Are there any studies on the effectiveness of adaptive learning systems not done (or supported) by related industries?
A computational graph in TensorFlow is a DAG (directed acyclic graph). How does it account for looping in the program if the graph is acyclic?
While there is lot of talk and hype about natural language processing, what are some of the widely-used cases currently being implemented by large firms?
What is more important for data science, computer science or statistics?
How does the Windows R server run a machine learning algorithm?
If I only practice machine learning and data mining algorithms, it seems I would fail to answer on-campus Data Structure & Algorithms questions?
How do neural patterns work?
How hard is it for a front-end developer to learn machine learning and deep learning?
What is Rectified Linear Units?
What's the difference between heteroscedasticity tests and normality of errors tests?
What topics will be covered by Ravindra Babu Ravula in the Machine Learning course? And also who is the hero, he is waiting for to start this course?
Which is better among UMN Twin Cities and NYU Courant Institute for MS CS? My area of interest lies in AI/ML.
Can l train a convolutional neural network (CNN) with images of different background black/white?
What are some ways to make deep learning interpretable?
What are the real life uses of Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
How should I start to learn data base?
Why some model of deep learning based on CPU, others based on gpu?
Is machine learning hard to master?
What companies make extensive use of dark data?
How difficult is it to learn machine learning and deep learning after age 30?
What are the techniques for evaluating neural network algorithms?
Can you make me understand the linear regression by a picture?
What is the difference between residual nets and recurrent nets?
Is there any instructor-led classroom training in Pune for machine learning and data science for a complete beginner?
How are convolutional filters trained?
Can I just double the same data for a classification task in terms of data augmentation?
What is the affect of the amount of data in the KNN algorithm on the error rate?
What are the algorithm for fake review detection in sentiment analysis with steps?
What should be the best approach to solve for pattern recognition?
Which website is best for learning machine learning?
What will cost for Ravindra Babu's machine learning course?
Why are most (if not all) hardware accelerators for deep learning for inference (prediction)?
Will learning Vim be useful in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning?
How do I start using Raspberry Pi? I want to run machine learning algorithms on it. Where do I start and how? Are there any suggestions for boards, too?
How does additive smoothing (pseudo counts) play a role in the context of Naive Bayes classifiers?
How can document similarity detection be applied for a recommender system?
Where can we use artificial neural networks?
What happens if I double the same data that was duplicated for classification in machine learning? What kind of impact does it have?
What do I do? I love fitness, music, writing and business, and I have good grades but hate coding, so I’m not able to do it well, but my goal is an ML startup?
Are neural nets always convex with respect to the weights? And if not, how does gradient descent work so well?
What is the difference between Google Swivel and GloVe?
What are some examples of deterministic and non deterministic algorithm in statistics?
In which type of industry is a slag removing machine used?
How can I optimize MATLAB's ANFIS using the conjugate gradient descent method?
What are the fit() and fit_transform() methods from the scikit-learn library? How do they work and why do we use them on the train_set and test_set?
Why do GANs give an approximation of p_data(x) /p_model(x)?
How can Kaggle be useful for a student?
How is the back propagation algorithm implemented in the brain?
What is the difference between the Naive Bayes Classifier and the Bayes classifier?
Why are companies like NVIDIA and Intel so interested in deep learning?
How do you organize data?
What is the best online Machine Learning course for a non-computer science student?
Is there any ongoing research that focuses on learning deep representations from small datasets?
Which machine learning tools and platforms can be used in an Asian language environment, like Japanese and Mandarin?
What are the mathematical topics that need to learn before starting data science course?
What if in the future, an AI machine could reprogram its purpose to be to propagate its own survival?
What is the next fad after machine learning?
Would you consider deep learning as a major step towards achieving general intelligence?
Which are the best sources to learn Interactive Machine Learning?
If I have a single layer neural network with 200 hidden units, will it be considered a deep network?
How does Age of Empires 2 AI work? Is there a machine map of the AI?
How do SVM and LS SVM relate?
How can I compute HOG vectors for a dataset and save them to be used later, using Python?
Regardless of the related expenses, what is the best way to evaluate the quality of a feature set (so as not to select the smallest number of features)?
In importance sampling, what is the difference between p(x)p(x) p(x)  and q(x)q(x) q(x) ?
James Altucher: did he use any kind of machine learning techniques building StockPickr?
How can I start implementing machine learning in my workplace?
What is machine learning of selenium web driver?
Where should we use ML and MCT in physics Class 10 calorimetry?
How can we use tf-idf in movie recommendations?
How do you deploy a machine learning app engine?
Could Batch Renormalization replace Virtual Batch Normalization in GANs?
What will happen if we make a machine which is capable of improving itself?
Do you think that deep learning will change?
Is it true that we can only do tagging manually and not automatically (for the purpose of making a training data set for machine translation)?
What are the top machine intelligence startups in Israel?
In e-commerce, if you use a recommendation system, how do you calculate who would have bought that product regardless of the recommendation system?
Should I use the k-means implementation of Matlab or implement my own for a 1-dimension problem?
What function do you use, if you have an input and output?
What type of machine learning is used to set retail gasoline prices?
Will it be useful for an ECE engineer to learn Big Data, Machine Learning for IOT application?
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?
What is the procedure to create a custom taxonomy structure from a corpus of documents? Help would be appreciated.
Is it possible for a mechanical engineer to learn machine learning without any coding experience? If so, how can I start learning?
With the Python programming background, where can I find free online materials to learn NumPy and SciPy that emphasis on learn by practice?
Do input variables for neural network have to be all real values?
How can I get the probability distribution of classes with pixels that are either 0 or 255?
Has machine learning been used to accurately identify individual dwellings/structures on satellite imagery?
How can I cross validate my movie rating prediction results against a verified recommendation engine (MovieLens data set)?
For IoT, embedded, and machine learning, which university is better (jobs and opportunities, balanced), RIT or UIC, considering that both will cost me the same?
What is the definition of precision in machine learning?
Is it required to get a master's or PhD to work in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence in companies like Google?
What are the ways to access the closed Kaggle competitions and their winning solutions?
Do engineers apply what they learned at school to their work?
What is the best learning trajectory and software to use in order to tap artificial intelligence for crime prevention, saving lives, and predicting events?
Do I need to be a Data Analyst in order to get a job in the machine learning field?
What are the topics and related materials or resources for learning linear algebra and probability required for understanding machine learning?
How can l detect redundant images in a dataset?
Is there any good book to understand syntactic procedure for deriving semantic consequences?
How do I compute the gradient of a Softmax function?
Is it necessary to be an Android developer before getting into machine learning?
In which deep learning problems neural networks are prone to high biases?
How can l improve my Optical Character Recognition (OCR) predictions with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) on noisy images?
Can I apply for a convolutional neural net on data with 70 features or they are too few?
Should I build a customer sentiment analysis tool?
How do I dumb down the concept of a neural network?
What is the better choice, to be a mobile developer or a machine learning engineer?
Where do I learn about the Turing machine perfectly?
What is it like to be a machine learning engineer?
What, if any, recent progress has been made on making general Boltzmann machines (and not just RBMs) more efficient/practical to train?
What are all the maths skill I have to know to learn artificial intelligence?
Is it useful to use an error model in machine learning?
What scenarios are you using machine learning for today in your applications?
Is machine learning the same as in memory cache?
As an undergraduate student, what is the best way to learn machine learning?
What does it mean by sequential representations in deep convolutional neural network?
What machine learning algorithms get sentiment of reviews?
Does logistic regression has a virtue for very sparse and high dimensional feature compared to other models?
How do I calculate backpropagation on a global average pooling layer?
What is the definition of a "Bayesian prior"?
Do I need software development skills if I want to be an ML engineer?
What could be the output of a neural network if we consider a numerical sheet as an input?
How can I do a sentiment analysis in Orange?
Is Rutgers a good school for PhD in Natural Language processing?
How do I obtain a confusion matrix for a Book-Crossing dataset?
Can IBM's Watson fool the reCAPTCHA image identification check?
When doing cross validation, do we pass the entire X and y, or X_train and y_train from the train_test_split?
Is there any TensorFlow implementation of Google's Smart Reply: Automated Response Suggestion paper?
Can I create a tutorial about the competition hosted on Kaggle after it ended on my blog?
How did you get truly proficient in your CS field (e.g. ML, CV)? What boosted you the most?
How can ML/AI benefit astrophysics and cosmology?
For what kind of model do the minimum description length (MDL) and the Bayesian information criterion (BIC) give the same estimation?
Given logistic regression, what does it mean to calculate its p-value? And why is it useful?
Have you ever solved real life problems using data science? If yes, state the procedure that you have followed?
Is it possible to train a neural network with only positive examples?
How does Quora perform text classifications?
What are current state of the art algorithms for human activity recognition from video data?
Disregarding order book data or volume, which features are frequently used for the prediction of market direction using machine learning classifiers?
How can dark data be made useful?
How do you calculate the optimum number of layers for a given problem in DNNs?
Which domain (such as image classification, Natural Language processing, etc) in deep learning has exponential growth?
What is a probabilistic fractal?
What will happen if we remove one edge (new graph G’) from a directed graph G?
What is the theory/principle to manually design a good feature set for machine learning problems?
Why is the cost of a CV set lower than a training set? Is it just pure luck?
What kind of data is badly suited for deep learning?
What are the differences between Prediction Model IFDS and Business Rule based IFDS for car insurance companies?
What are some features, layers, pre-trained networks, etc. that should be added to Keras?
Why are CNNs used more for computer vision tasks than other tasks?
Which is the best nanodegree course in Udacity between Machine Learning Engineer and Deep Learning Foundation?
In artificial intelligence, what is SLAM?
How should an inexperienced CS student gain prowess in Machine Learning/Data Science?
What's the best way to determine variable importance in a neural network?
Financial data are in flux like "cats that change their faces because computers recognize them on YouTube". Is there a solution to this problem?
What is the importance of machine learning?
What is the content of AI specializations in top universities?
Will machine learning discover new strategies for chess like AlphaGo did?
What is sparse coding?
How do engineers design machine learning models to cater for safety in self-driving vehicles given the shortage of data as accidents rarely occur?
Is there a computational model of artificial neural networks?
How can machine learning help to determine the optimal temporal staffing in an emergency department?
Can a machine learning robot mimic the speech of Trump?
Why is temporal correlation used in near duplicate video retrieval?
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning inside of the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
What are examples when we can avoid confronting the partition function in Machine Learning?
Are there some real world examples where automatic kernel learning (learning kernel function from data) is used in practice?
In the future, could we create machines that create artificial universes?
Is multi agent system a prerequisite of Q learning?
Is there a LSTM in TensorFlow that processes one character at a time?
Which machine algorithms can we use in case of retail transaction data apart from association rules and clustering?
What makes you recall your dream in a precise manner?
Which one is the most popular (and powerful) library for deep neural net in r?
What machine learning algorithm should I use for credit risk assessment?
How can I measure similarities between two correlation matrices?
How can I assign topics to a new document using the same LDA model?
What are some machine learning methods that one can use to model spatial (x, y, speed, and time) data?
What does hybrid loss function means when developing a neural network?
What, if any, is the compensation premium for machine learning software engineers vs other software engineers?
How are the four processes of observational learning implemented?
What career can I pursue with a PhD in Computer Engineering on Machine Learning?
How do I make a real time representation of Machine Learning algorithms?
What is the perfect chronological order for learning maths for machine learning?
What is the domain of artificial machine?
What is a “Hierarchical Merge Tree”?
How do I become really good at machine learning?
When is a large-sized kernel useful in CNN?
What deep leaning model can handle sequence input and discrete output? Could LSTM + CNN do so?
What problems are better suited to inductive logic programming than other forms of machine learning?
What is state of the art in Natural Language Processing as of early 2017?
What is the learning curve of Apache spark?
What is the detailed math behind weight optimization in artificial neural networks?
Do I need to work at Google to do their course in deep learning?
What is the state of the art of multi-criteria recommender system as for 2017?
What algorithm does R's "glm" function use to optimize the logistic regression parameters? It’s not Newton’s method because I get different results.
What is the difference between SVMS and MCLP (multi-criteria linear programming)? Why is the latter better, especially RMCLP?
Can I assess the performance of single models in a stacking ensemble with the test set?
How does one extract an MFCC with MATLAB’s straight model?
How can I deal with unbalanced samples in machine learning, especially when I estimate the parameters of my learning module with the likelihood?
Is there any good open data for a comparison between K-Nearest Neighbour and Naive Bayes?
What are the top institutes for machine learning in India?
How did University of Adelaide's Machine Learning Group come to have only Chinese professors?
What are some of the best model-free methods in machine learning?
Which are the new challenges for ANNs in the healthcare field?
Is linear transformation of a function equivalent to expanding the function using a series of basis functions?
What are some unknown applications of machine learning in daily life?
Can a lead software engineer easily become a lead machine learning engineer?
What is the Bayesian network Python and R package that supports continuous latent variables?
How could knowledge representation and reasoning be used in data science?
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?
Why do we use all filters option in weka?
What is meant by 'ground set' in probability and machine learning?
What are the different predictive models?
What would be some interesting and convincing projects for a portfolio, if I want to start a career in the area of text mining?
What should I do in order to become an idea machine?
Why do some people fear AI despite the lack of progress in the field?
What are structured topic models for language?
Should I prepare for college placements or practice machine learning and data analysis skills, it being the start of summer break before my 3rd year?
Can we use deep neural networks for training an A.I. for a computer game?
How does experience in RPA help me in learning AI/ML?
Which are the companies working in IOT and machine learning in India?
How can I learn implementation of machine learning?
How can we implement decision tree algorithms using MapReduce in Python? Are there any other sources available?
What is the difference between vanilla neural network and recurrent neural network?
Do you have any good statistical learning based textbook on introducing random forest?
How is the 'negative dependence' concept different from negative correlation?
Do data science/machine learning consultants make more than those who are salaried?
What is to learn?
Is there any master’s degree offered in any well-known universities which offers a combination of machine learning with computer vision and robotics?
How do you classify a variable?
Can you train a deep learning solution on a large dataset using intense computational resources, and then deploy it on a small embedded device?
If we primarily use LSTMs over RNNs to solve the vanishing gradient problem, why can't we just use ReLUs/leaky ReLUs with RNNs instead?
Does intuition have anything to do with pattern recognition/IQ?
Why is deep learning hyped despite bad VC dimension?
How do I make an artificial intelligence, like Apple's Siri?
Why SVM can not handle incremental feature learning, once new instances appear joined with new features?
How do I decide on a career option before it’s too late?
Are there concerns with deep learning for image classification for mission critical systems, like issues with retraining, forgetting, etc.?
How do I present survival data that includes time-varying covariates and fit the model in R?
Have you ever observed that batch normalization actually slows the training down?
What are the most famous tokenisms used to token non English phrases for machine learning and AI models?
Why are some companies hesitant to incorporate machine learning?
Has been there a classification of types of Wayfinders?
How do I use the Bayesian average?
What are some practical applications of supervised machine learning?
Should I practice algorithms with C++ or Python for an interview for a big company internship with a focus on deep learning and looking for a PhD afterwards?
As a student, is it smart to create my own programming math libraries?
How do I identify the best category for a product using machine learning?
How are latent factor neural networks trained?
Can machine learning be considered a living thing/organism?
How should I start learning the maths for machine learning and from where?
What measure of spread/variation is used to describe skewed data?
How can I daily update my neural networks parameters with newest data?
Is it beneficial for an EE student to learn machine language in any aspect?
What are some challenges in developing Text To Speech technology that is indistinguishable from human voice?
What would be the best strategy to learn as much as I can about Machine Learning, if I have three full weeks to dedicate to the task?
How are machine learning algorithms different from traditional analytics algorithms?
In any word embedding (e.g. Word2vec), can the vectors of a trained model be updated manually?
Which companies are hiring for computer vision in Pune as of May 2017?
How can I use machine learning for the stock market?
Is it possible to train/test a neural network model (if the dataset stored 'offline' on a local machine) on 'Amazon web services' or 'Google cloud'?
How should I handle unbalanced data while using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in Python?
Is AI/ML research a threat to mechanical engineering in the future?
Why are gachapon machines so popular?
In computer vision tasks, is HoG a rotational invariant?
When would you say an aspiring programmer is ready to begin learning and applying the Introduction to Algorithms (CLRS) text?
How much does it cost to buy custom artificial intelligence-based data analytics software for IoT?
What is the best way to become a professional robotics engineer, e.g. by using machine learning, ROS, or simple Python/C++ programmed Raspberry Pi/Arduino?
What are cooperative learning models used for?
How do one begin a career in artificial intelligence?
How do i train SVM to classify moving detected object from videos in MATLAB as like human, car or animal?
How can I solve the problem related to small training data conducting machine learning or deep learning?
Is there any way to do prediction of malware behaviour through machine learning algorithm by doing reverse engineering of malware samples?
Are there any unexplainable anomalies in computer coding that could suggest machines have a soul?
How can I make better understanding of activation functions in Machine learning specially the math behind them?
What are some of your favorite machine learning manuscripts and why?
Which companies use machine learning software?
Do I have to be good at solving and implementing algorithms before I can dive into machine learning?
What is the importance of classifiers in machine learning?
When preparing data set for supervised machine learning, are there any ways other than manually labelling the training data set?
What is the meaning of Probabilistic?
How do you structure your machine learning projects?
Does getting admitted to a top 5 PhD program at the age of 34 the same as if you got in at the age of 24?
Why is a sigmoid function still used in deep nets if it introduces the vanishing gradient problem?
What are some of the limitations or drawbacks of Convolutional Neural Networks?
Could I do clustering to “features” rather than samples?
Is there a way to find football videos that are already annotated?
What is block-wise variable selection when doing regression analysis?
In reinforcement learning, what is the difference between a state value function V(s) and a state-action value function Q(s,a)?
In machine learning, is the variance the same thing as the estimation error?
Can you suggest me the best way to perform deep learning processing using spark?
How can I practice problem-solving skills in machine learning with actual data?
What does Yann LeCun mean when he says "In the real world, you can't back-propagate gradients" and that "Differentiation is the essence of learning"?
When will India face unemployment because of automation?
Which are the leading artificial intelligence companies in BFSI industry?
Why does teacher forcing Recurrent Neural Networks make them less powerful than vanilla RNNs?
Is data analyst a high rank job? Where does it lie within the hierarchy of a big AI company? I am new to this field.
Can a neural network be taught to conditionally ignore certain inputs?
Should I learn CUDA from scratch to write my own deep learning algorithms on GPU or use an existing library such as Caffe or TensorFlow?
What are some must-implement Deep Learning Papers that every DL researcher should implement?
I'm a 20 year old Finance student and want to participate in the Machine Learning/AI revolution. I have no programming experience. What should I do?
What if Quora bans Quorans because their writing styles don't fit their goal for machine learning? What if the sarcastic answers don’t benefit the AI?
How can I understand the math notation in deep learning research papers?
Do Indian offices of Google do publication-worthy work in deep learning?
What real-life problems will be solved with Artificial Intelligence (AI) within the next 10 years, i.e. by 2028?
How close does a chess algorithm get to the algorithms employed in machine learning?
What does "offline evaluation" mean in machine learning and recommendation systems?
Could a change of basis help SGD converge faster?
How do you train a neural network for a fast style transfer?
What is the best coding bootcamp for machine learning and deep learning?
When processing categorical variables for ML algorithms, what's the best way to recode them?
Do the eigenvectors/values of a Gaussian Process' covariance matrix have any significance or suggest any interpretations?
Is artificial Intelligence going to be the new dictator of the 21st century?
What job or field or position that used to be a safe bet is no longer the case, due to artificial intelligence and machine learning?
What are the institutes which provide machine learning summer training in Delhi?
What is the importance of automatic model selection in machine learning?
Are there any web accessibility projects that utilize IBM Watson?
How do I integrate ML & AI on my omnichannel retail app?
How does images being filtered with different image filters affect the training of deep neural networks?
Would you like to share your story of how you learned machine learning?
What should a person do to establish a career in Machine Learning with a software testing background?
Which is more important: choosing a good prediction algorithm or choosing the tuning parameters within a given algorithm?
Can Generative adversarial network be used in classification/prediction?
What is the mathematical proof for neural networks?
What should I do to pursue a career in machine learning? Is it a graduate degree course or an add on to computer engineering?
Why does a depth-wise separable convolution model like Keras Xception perform exceptionally well compared to GoogleNet Inception or any other TL models?
How do you understand the Delta in Back Propagation Algorithm?
How do I build a machine learning system for automatic code review?
Does Russia have top research institutions on machine learning? How about Eastern Europe?
What is the best ML/AI language to learn?
Where do I learn about deep learning architecture?
Technology always fascinates me, but I want adventure in my life. I want to become a billionaire, philanthropist, and much more. What should I do?
Why doesn't prior distribution have much impact on posterior distribution when we have a lot of data?
What research has been done on generative adversarial networks (GANs) generating text?
What is the most efficient algorithm for parallel stochastic gradient descent?
Do convolutional neural networks work the same way as the networks in our brain?
What volume of data is necessary to use collaborative filtering?
How do I prepare lake/wetland parameter file for the Variable Infiltration Capacity (VIC) model?
Is there a labeled dataset for multiple intent detection in sentences (NLP)?
Is there such a thing as smell recognition, like image and video recognition?
What is the one path-breaking development that has resulted in this decade of Renaissance in AI and machine learning which wasn’t possible prior to it?
Why the field of computer science has made more seminal contributions to data science than statistics?
What algorithms are relevant to designing an efficient curriculum or optimal learning path?
Is it possible to create a music lyrics generating software using speech recognition libraries?
Are recommender systems a good area to do research on?
Why is the derivative of the LSTM cell state w.r.t. to the previous cell state equal to the forget gate?
Which matters more in a neural network design - the number of layers or the number of nodes?
What is latent resource?
How does cluster analysis work?
Where can I find a dataset for my paper?
Why is support vector machine more popular than relevance vector machine in the industry?
What are some common face databases for face recognition task?
How can I learn machine learning, deep learning and neural networks from scratch?
What is the function of back propagation in a LeNet 5?
There is a machine that knows everything. Does the machine understand everything?
The loss function neural nets try to approximate happen to usually be convex, so gradient descent works well, but why would untrained vars be convex?
How can I motivate myself to program more, even when nothing seems to work good?
What machine learning algorithm should I use when I have 5-6 independent categorical values and 1 dependent continuous variable?
What is the best methodology for variable selection for predicting binary response with over 200 variables, in R?
How many training samples are needed to get a reliable model in ML?
What are stateful dataflow graphs?
Can I run clustering with features like account balance, # trades and age? Is the euclidean distance calculated right or should I normalize the data?
How can I do convolutional neural networks in Keras?
In machine learning, why isn't an error on the validation set reported?
Can I get better placement through Android development or machine learning?
How did Mark Zuckerberg and Adam D’Angelo make Synapse without all these modern machine learning and AI tools like Tensorflow and R-caret?
Is anyone at Realogy working on lifestyle search, valuation or other applications of machine learning and predictive modelling?
What is the limitation of machine learning to financial trading?
How do I hide deep learning models and architecture for production?
How can I land a machine learning job at Google/Facebook AI Research?
Can I use Splunk to mine large non-machine data for insights?
How can we use machine learning to help in treating sickle cell disease?
Can I shift my career BI analyst to Machine learning engineer?
How can I automatically tag documents with multiple labels and wildly-unbalanced, unknown priors using a small training set?
WIth 12+ years in SW development, what are the right skills/courses to achieve a successful transition into ML, AI, or ADAS fields (will ageism allow it)?
Is it bad to tell an interviewer that you will work well below their rates?
What if Simone (2002) became real?
How do I understand Top-N accuracy in machine learning in a simple way?
I am learning neural networks and CNN, how do I determine the number of features in convolution layer, max pooling and number of neurons in FCL?
Other than the learning experiences, what incentivizes people to use Python's SciKit (and the like) rather than just using an online solution?
What is meant by POS in sentimental analysis?
How do you adjust the weights of an ANN using backpropagation when you've got more than one hidden layer? (Details are in the description.)
What is the MATLAB code for k-means clustering?
For a self-taught developer trying to get into the programming/ML industry, is it recommended to put my personal projects on GitHub?
How efficient is an artificial neural network in the development and prediction of performance of a pharmaceutical formulation?
Can a convolution neural network have integrated information?
Are there examples of clustering in deep learning without the Images dataset?
I have an intermediate level in Python. What would be the best way to learn Tensorflow?
What GATE score is needed for doing an MTech in machine learning at the IIST?
Why is the k-means clustering algorithm considered an unsupervised learning algorithm? What is it "learning"? Isn't it just another greedy algorithm?
How can I create an efficient and accurate classification algorithm as fast as I can?
What are the medical imaging domains where deep learning can play a major role?
Should I be a data engineer or a software engineer, if I'm interested in machine learning down the road?
Does IBM’s Bluemix natural language understanding take reviews of a product as a text and generate responses?
Which algorithm is used in machine learning for natural conversations?
How to find users similarities based on their indicative data (age, gender, marital status, current state residing in, etc.)?
Should I leap to machine learning?
How do services like Wibbitz work? What kind of NLP algorithms are they using to analyze text?
What are the best online materials and syllabus to start learning AI in 2017?
How do you match the same addresses written in different ways? Example: 45, Srinagar 190001 and 190001, Srinagar, 45.
Can I buy a GPU for deep learning with a low budget of like $100?
What are necessary steps to be followed while solving problems using time series models?
How do I choose the best deep learning algorithm or R package for a data set?
Why should I learn Scala for machine learning?
What are some helpful guidelines to creating new features while I am doing data cleaning activity for prediction using machine learning algorithms?
What is an algorithm for pattern recognition, and also an example of pattern recognition?
Who are some of the best professors in Neural Networks, and related fields, that you know of?
How do I choose a PhD dissertation topic in deep learning?
What are some of the ways to learn machine/deep learning in drug discovery or healthcare?
How does fastText output a vector for a word that is not in the pre-trained model?
What would you call non-machine learning techniques?
What is the point of studying generative modeling?
What is the main difference between 2D ConvNets and 3D ConvNets?
What are more general-overarching books/articles on deep learning?
Why does Google provide open-source code for machine learning, making AI systems and other basic codes, etc.? Does Google benefit from this?
Is it silly to produce samples form a probability model to improve its own parameters?
Is there any convolutional latent semantic model implementation in TensorFlow?
How do I put this data set into Weka?http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Mammographic+Mass
I have two job offers after 4 years of experience -- one for Computer Vision, and the other is for Machine Learning. Where should I go?
Where does one start if one wants to know all the pieces of machine learning in a cloud environment? Are there any good resources out there?
Is there a "non-handwavy" explanation for how batch normalization works?
How do I predict time to fail for certain electrical devices?
Is plotting machine learning plots on Python hard for everyone?
Is this a good time to start a machine learning company?
Do you know a simple and interesting data set?
What algorithm(s) does Amazon use in their recommendation system?
What is the level of e-learning in the Nigerian context?
If I already know programming, is it possible to become a machine learning engineer in just one year?
Why we don't need fully connected layers when all of the layers have weight sharing connections in a convolutional neural network?
In Deep Q learning, is it sensible to perform multiple weight updates between each action?
How can deep learning be useful for psychiatrists?
What is the key difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? Why is it easier to do supervised learning (I need mathematical proof)?
What is the state-of-the-art in optimization used in machine learning?
What is the difference between linear transformation and linear functional?
Which machine learning framework is highly recommended for building a image-to-text engine for fast and easy implementation?
Is it possible by using Natural Language processing and Machine Learning to extract relevant information from a sentence?
Can you work on Machine Learning with a Statistics PhD?
What are some good open-source projects in machine learning written in Python?
What is the connection between gradient methods and the ordinal least square under the linear approximation?
How should I formulate a process for measuring efforts for credit compliance? Do you have any ideas as to how data points and benchmarks can be set out of the key outcomes?
What is the feasibility and capacity of AI usage in the field of grant writing/grantsmanship?
What type of research relevant to artificial intelligence can one do in a statistics PhD?
How does dual form linear regression solve the under-constraint problem when the dimension is larger than the amount of data?
Could a deep learning algorithm create realistic cloud maps for semi-procedural planet generation?
In what order should one learn different mathematics concepts for data science?
How can discrete optimization be used for machine learning? What are some applications in which it is used?
What are the general approaches to solve classification problem?
How do you train a model to process a real life image from different sizes?
Who are some of the recommended people to follow on Quora for topics on Machine Learning and Deep Learning?
What is the relation of artificial intelligence and expert system?
CS Careers: Can you tell me what you do, why you enjoy it, what specific skills are needed, who should pick this path and who should stay away?
How do I rotate data points such that contrasting class labels are orthogonal to each other?
Are Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) considered an online method in machine learning?
What is the fastest k-means cluster algorithm in the world?
What is the relationship between combinatorics and machine learning/artificial neural networks?
How can I build an algorithm and learn how to use it for the stock market?
How much machine learning would I learn by completing the Andrew Ng Course (the one on Coursera), on a scale of 100?
What is the opinion of Klaus Schwab and the WEC's Fourth Industrial Revolution within the scientific and technology communities?
What is the connection between Hilbert Spaces and inner product space?
How can I know the best quantity for epoch and batch size for deep autoencoder?
How do I get data from a scanned copy which is stored in a database using machine-learning algorithms?
Can I run multiple deep learning models on the same GPU?
What is the recommended book on "neural plasticity" for computer scientists, programmers or deep learning practitioners?
What are some branches of statistics that I can learn after AP Statistics?
How can I use genetic algorithms to train a better neural network?
How to make a Lexicon dictionary based Twitter sentiment analysis program in Python?
How do I implement natural language processing for .net web applications?
What are conditional Adverserial Networks?
How would you see a deep fully convolutional network with no reduction in maps size?
What is attribute learning ?
Does Google use customer data to train AI models?
I want to become a data scientist with machine learning speciality, what courses should I take?
How does the cross entropy loss guarantee that we learn valid probability distributions?
Where I can find a text classification code using Rhadoop?
How do I learn machine learning and AI from the basics?
How do I find similarities among top 10 neighbors in a dataset?
What is discrete cosine transform? Why is it required for speech recognition?
Where can one find new papers on machine learning and deep learning? Is there any kind of aggregator?
As a second year undergraduate student, should I get into Machine Learning and AI or focus more on computer fundamentals like OS and networking?
Is deep learning "real AI"?
What are some of the good resources to learn more about large-scale spell correction (like the ones by Google/Microsoft)?
Being a Mathematics student, is it possible to shift careers to data science and machine learning?
Where can I find a free plain text corpus for English?
What is meant by 'rapidly mixing' with respect to a Markov chain in machine learning?
What is the difference between shared/part-shared layers and domain-specific layers in convolutional neural networks?
How do data scientists and machine learning engineers work together on an end to end industrial ML/NLP/CV application at a large tech company?
Why is an extreme learning machine called useless when compared to deep learning?
How should I start extracting features from videos with data from a camera on top of tables?
What are some machine learning classification problems for paper publication?
How would you summarize the core ideas of Machine Learning and Deep Learning?
Can a neural network be trained to distinguish between previously unseen words and typos?
Which approach should I use for extracting specific relations from text in the domain of company takeovers?
Is there any AI groups/organisation in India which beginners can join and contribute part time?
I have MS CS admits from Columbia University and UCLA. My interests lie in Machine Learning and Data Mining. Which would be a better choice?
What components make up deep learning?
How can I find a relevant tagged image according to a text?
Can you suggest any Python tool which can train module for feature extractions?
Can one apply for a PhD in machine learning without CompSci background and skills? Can it be learnt on the job?
Which is better when it comes to trained models, TensorFlow or Caffe? I know that a year ago TensorFlow didn't have many trained CNN. Did that change?
What type of machine learning effort is Microsoft particularly focused on with their immense resources?
What should I learn, AWS or machine learning?
Can anybody help me in Multioutput Gaussian Process regression by Twin Gaussian Process?
How good is the Data Analytics and Machine Learning Program from SP Jain School of High Technology in terms of training and job placement?
What are the 10 surprising machine learning applications?
What are the machine learning techniques that are used in building a anti virus programs?
What will be the biggest machine learning use cases of 2017?
How do I append ndarrays of different shapes for clustering purpose?
What is the right way to encapsulate Tensorflow model creation and training in a class?
How powerful would a smartphone have to be in order to run a neural network that can decide the severity of a tumour?
Is Artificial Intelligence being used in Chartered Accountancy?
What are the proposed algorithms for fake review detection in sentiment analysis?
Which skills should a machine learning expert master? Do you know where to learn them?
Since all the big tech companies are investing in AI, is another AI winter impossible?
Can I plan for machine learning course of Ravindra Babu sir without any prior knowledge of basic data structure and algorithms?
Why is SVM used for a binary classification?
Is it better to use Naive Bayes or Deep Learning or something else to classify text? What are the advantages of each approach?
Should I learn machine learning (supervised) before deep learning (unsupervised)? I just have a laptop at home, so will the computing power be enough?
Can you recommend some good books, blogs, articles, and papers dedicated to model ensembles and especially model stacking, a.k.a hybrid model ensembles?
Why do we need RandomForestClassifier when DecisionTreeClassifier selects the best feature at each split?
Are there already trained models to classify the topic of scientific articles?
What is a good summer school for deep learning that you can still apply to (April 2017)?
What is a field in computer science that is really "hot" at the moment?
How much linear algebra is necessary for machine learning if I want to be able to understand the machine learning algorithms perfectly?
What is an optimal approach for cascade learning?
What is the difference between the AdaBoost and random forests algorithms?
What types of problems are well-suited for machine learning? Which are not?
What performance impact does installing a virtual machine have on a Win10 host machine? If so, does performance return 100% when the VM is shut down?
How can I add multiple shades with reactive() within the Shiny app?
Is it impossible for a student to implement a project using Convolutional NN?
How are semiotics and cognition related?
What's an easy way to build a retrieval-based chatbot that learns from responses?
What are the use cases of using Natural Language processing (NLP) in various industries?
In the future, could I create a startup that creates AI machines which are infinitely self-replicating, create artificial matter, and make new universes and multiverses?
What are some recommended MOOC courses for learning the fundamentals of distributed systems applied in Apache Spark or Hadoop type echo systems?
How long does it take to learn artificial intelligence/machine learning?
In which machine do we use skewing?
Which is the recent best paper on sentence semantic similarity using deep learning?
How would you solve the below perceptron diagram?
How can I start in data science without a computer science degree?
What is the forecast for the Asia-Pacific neural network software market and its segmentation?
Which university is better for an MS in CS, UCSD or USC?
How could I use a shared GPU server safely?
How do I start learn statistics for machine learning?
Can you see my YouTube channel Código Logo and tell me if the content is good?
How can I get the Yelp Filter Review dataset that contains both recommended and filtered reviews? There is no public link for downloading the dataset.
If you sort all the weights of a trained neural network in ascending order, how would the curve of the sorted data look?
Is there a specific reason why a neural network with more layers might perform worse than a network with fewer layers?
What thesis topic on machine vision is best to work on for an ECE student?
What are some good books/resources for studying linear algebra and other mathematical topics that are used in Machine Learning?
For a 1 lakh INR budget, what laptop should I buy if my main focus is running machine learning algorithms, internet surfing, and watching HD videos?
Is there an app that uses deep learning to find out which celebrity I talk like?
What is the difference between “cluster” and “cooperative”?
Is there a mind uploading research centre? How can I join that? What is required to join?
What is “NBW” in the MATLAB Delta-Sigma Toolbox?
How does deep learning find the unknown unknowns in data, and what are examples of such?
Which are the companies that are working in the machine learning software in U.A.E?
Who are the best researchers in the field of deep learning in Germany?
What is a contrastive loss function in Siamese networks?
In Batch normalization, transform of same input x to BN(x) is differrent from batch to batch, how it can learn a stable network?
What are some books, articles or courses, about machine learning from a UX point of view?
Who is the founder of ensemble methods for decision trees?
How does AlphaGo learn from its previous matches?
If machine learning is hot right now, what do you think will follow?
Is data characterization unsupervised or supervised learning?
Did Ditty App use Tensorflow to train their data?
Are mobile GPUs powerful enough to run deep learning algorithms meaningfully, or should things still be done in the server and sent to phones?
Could machine learning generate YouTube videos that make a lot of money?
How would you create a feature for the "order of pages visited" for machine learning?
As a chemical engineer, how can I start approaching machine learning?
How to apply time series analysis and machine learning to health management？
How do you apply simhash algorithms to clustering?
Is Google looking to reintroduce rule-based paradigms into their natural language processing applications?
What steps (in detail) would you suggest for an undergraduate to take in order to gain expertise in machine learning fields (see details)?
What is a support vector and how to calculate them?
What are the advantages of distributed representations?
Why would we ever want to confront the Partition function in Machine Learning?
What would be an example of a simple non-convex function?
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
What are some possible ways that machine learning and blockchain technology can improve campaign finance?
How do I get a machine learning internship?
How can I implement machine learning on a mobile client?
How does the shape of a neural network affect training accuracy and overall performance?
What is the best bachelor degree if I want to study artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in the future?
What is your guess of what Richard Feynman would think about Deep Learning?
What are the similarities and differences between multilayer perceptron (MLP) and radial basis function (RBF) networks?
What are some good resources to understand Machine Learning theories and algorithms?
How do I make a flow wrapper machine?
In TensorFlow, what is a "dense" and a "dropout" layer?
Which NLP library cover the most languages for a sentiment analysis project?
Is it too late for a 22-year-old software engineer to start learning machine learning and deep learning?
I have a classification project where some of the columns/features have more than 90% null values. How do I handle them?
Is it OK that the MAE has different results for different cases in a recommender system?
What are issues within the philosophy of artificial intelligence?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
Slowly more and more machines/AI are replacing functions of humans in the workplace. In the future will we buy a machine to work in our place?
Which is the best coaching for machine learning in NCR?
It seems everyone these days is learning about machine learning and data science. Isn't the job market going to be saturated in a few years?
To succeed in data science, which coding languages should I learn and master?
Which one is effective for learning machine learning implementation, MATLAB, Octave or Python?
How do I find all the fundamental cut-sets in a graph by using ring sum method?
Why does a neural network model yield a lower test accuracy ,as the NN architecture I use is deeper?
What do deep learning researchers think of the Simons Institute at Berkeley?
What computer do machine learning professionals prefer? Is an iMac a good choice?
What is the difference between CycleGAN and DiscoGAN? They both seem to be the same thing.
What do you mean by dynamics of machine?
What is the best source for learning machine learning free?
How can a combination of features be good for one classifier and bad for another classifier?
What are the correct value for-precision and recall in image processing?
If all the computing resources were almost the same almost 10 years ago, then why have we developed such a great interest in AI and ML, circa 2016-17?
Should I drop out of my college & take a data analysis course? How can I get a decent job if I develop good skills in data analysis but am not a graduate?
If given an option between machine learning and Internet of Things as an elective, which one is the best to choose, keeping in mind the scope and the future?
How is Bayesian optimization used in practice?
Do I need to be a good mathematician to learn artificial intelligence and deep learning?
In machine learning, how can we interpret a situation in which training and test errors are both high? What should we report back to our customers?
I need to identify groups of users sharing similar interests including time availability. What's the best Machine Learning algorithm for this purpose?
What is the distribution-free setting in Statistical Learning theory?
How do you prove the Return On investment for a predictive model?
What is the relationship between word embedding and topic modeling? Can we use word embedding to enhance topic modeling?
What does it mean if my neural net's validation loss is constantly staying below training loss?
What determines the storage capacity in associative memories in neural networks?
What are the advantages and disadvantages when we compare convolutional neural network and recursive neural network for natural language processing?
Do human brain neural networks serve multi purposes, i.e. used for multiple, different tasks?
What is a good MLP neural network framework with ReLU on Java?
How can I optimize bus stop locations?
Is stacking always better than voting based methods for expert learning settings?
What is the current state of the art in Android TV STBs?
What is the relationship between clustering and classification in machine learning?
What are possible uses for predictive modelling?
How can I get personal tutoring on neural machine translation with Keras?
Should I learn Blockchain (Ethereum) or machine learning this summer?
Is C++ better for performance with a scientific web app (backend)?
What are the good reading materials for auto encoders?
Does Trump's limit on H1B visas help US citizens in STEM careers like CS and Data Science get higher wages, since there is a lower supply of workers?
What is the goal of the 'Big Machine' (global industry, tech development, academia, etc)?
What is the current state of using machine learning in production optimization?
How do I construct a decision tree?
Would the USSR still exist if they had computers and machine learning?
What is a step-by-step procedure to conduct a project on sentiment analysis using MongoDB?
How do I prepare textual data (text format files and labels) for textual classification in TensorFlow or a recurrent neural network?
Can AGI be accomplished/solved by a lone wolf?
Which foreign universities provide courses for machine learning?
Given the rise of machines and AI, what kind of professional knowledge do I need to have in order to stay on top of the game in the future?
Why do we use Jupyter Notebook although we have Python shell and IDLE (default)?
What is machine learning about?
How do I learn about machine learning versus data science versus artificial intelligence versus neural networks versus natural language processing? How do they differ and what skills set do I need to master them?
Is it any good if I focus only on machine learning and algorithms and not much on the analysis of data?
Are PhD programs in machine learning still worth it?
What is the body of knowledge for data science?
How do I calculate the rate of human concordance ?
How does Feed-Forward Neural Network Language Model work on morphological analysis?
Where actually is "learning" in Machine Learning?
What is the best convolutional neural network for extracting features of the Face?
Would an embedding layer in Keras map an unknown word (like a strange name) after training?
What is the best approach to learn a mapping from strings to continuous variables? (coordinates from addresses)
What is decimal scaling normalization?
What are data mining case studies for direct insurance companies?
Can we, via artificial intelligence, train a machine to determine whether a sentence/situation/joke is funny or not?
Is there any research paper or articles on why CNN or any deep learning model works so well?
Which specific use-case would you like to see solved by application of an artificial neuronal network in the future?
Which is the best IIT for research in machine learning?
What if I just take a normalized mod score from multiple machine learning based methods, instead of a logistic regression? What will happen?
What is the major difference between deep learning and machine learning?
Which topics should I learn to understand the internals of CMU Sphinx?
Is the new Titan Xp worth buying to build a new machine for deep learning (for my PhD in NLP/ML)? Should I wait for a future GPU?
What is the best way to get labels for my topics using LDA (Latent Dirchlet Allocation)?
Is there a Quora Tensorflow tutorial?
What is the easiest way to deploy a machine learning model developed in R for production?
How do I practice implementing machine learning algorithms without a big theoretical/mathematical understanding?
What Machine Learning algorithms help to classify questions to particular intent in the case of chatbots?
How does the agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm rank dimensions for determining similarity?
How can we implement AlexNet CNN network with predefined MNIST datasets using MATLAB codes?
Does an artificial neural network do anything that is fundamentally not equivalent to classification?
How do I calculate the error between the original characters and the recollected characters in training with Hopfield neural networks?
What will be a Moore machine for a binary adder?
Which universities in Japan are the best for a post-graduate degree in machine learning?
What are the best computer vision and deep learning companies in France?
Which learning algorithm is best used for predictive analytics employed in a financial dataset?
What are the most state-of-the-art (leading the best results) models to analyze time series or sequential data? Is there any suggested literature?
Which ML model/algorithm do I use for my project?
How do I extract given celebrity sentiments from daily newspapers without reading the entire newspaper (like Hindu and DC)?
How can a business analyst contribute in Data Science, Machine Learning, and Big Data?
How should I learn machine learnng this summer and implement it in a project as minor or major?
Which topic or idea in deep learning doesn’t require too much computational power, but is still fertile for some new twist?
How do I train a new convolutional neural network on imagenet from scratch?
How do I get better at Deep Learning?
What are some untapped applications for machine learning?
What are the motivations for considering the use of more hidden layers in mul- tilayer feedforward neural networks?
As a beginner in Deep Learning today, which framework should I use?
How does KNN work?
Can the Tesla Vision neural network learn passively in "shadow mode"?
Why could adding blur or noise worsen neural network results compared to only using original images?
What are journals with a low impact factor for natural language processing and information retrieval?
What are the difficulties found in natural language processing?
What is a Gaussian process?
From where can I do PhD in Machine Learning after MCA?
If the generator and the discriminator use SGD in Generative Adversarial Networks, why is the adversarial training called unsupervised?
Can deep learning algorithms predict the outcomes of sports matches?
What exactly are the hardware requirements for a Recurrent Neural Network?
What type of deep learning algorithm does IBM Watson uses for Natural Language Classification? Does it use CNN or RNN?
What is lasso regression and ridge regression in less technical words?
Is Google Street View built using Machine Learning techniques for clustering?
What are the best applications of machine learning algorithms in long-term trend predictions?
Does an electronic document reviewing program exist?
Why is AUC maximizing SVM less popular than the regular SVM?
What are some open problems in unsupervised learning (clustering)?
Is there any way through GATE electrical to get into machine learning related research course?
Which online machine learning course give me overview and practical exposure to it?
How do I create a new dataset from a Google image search to fine-tune a pre-trained model for ImageNet classification?
Will the solution of SVM always change from the current one if any support vectors were not part of the train set?
Why is a dataset created in the evaluation of NIDS?
What is layer normalization?
How do I evaluate multivariate regression?
What does it mean when the coefficients of a multiple linear regression decreases?
Is there a collection of blank or filled in legal documents for training a neural network?
Is there any rule of thumb in training RNN model?
What is the difference between adaptive optimal control and reinforcement learning?
Why can classical n-gram models be viewed as performing nearest neighbour lookup?
What are the disadvantages of a decision tree?
What might Apple do with Lattice Data?
How do I scan the complete internet to create an events timeline? Is it possible to scrap the complete internet?
What is interesting about neural network?
How do I make Q-learning with ANN work for a simple board game?
How do deep neural networks for image classification respond to typical image variations such as illumination, focal length, etc.?
Can I train on the test set after model assessment?
What are the requirements for making a flop machine?
Is it possible to implement a convolution neural network without using GPUs?
What are error functions available in machine learning?
How can I apply machine learning to the food and pharmaceutical industry, particularly in product development?
What is the best way for a class 10 student to learn artificial intelligence?
What are some relatively unknown but powerful data science / machine learning tricks?
What is a layman's explanation of perplexity in machine learning?
What is the best budget FPGA kit that would be fit for an accelerator for a neural network's algorithms?
How do I determine distance from device to image captured using machine learning techniques?
What is the significance of machine learning in the IT sector?
Why is optimization on discrete parameters difficult?
Which course is better, Stanford Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng, or Columbia Machine Learning by Paisley?
What are some examples of free artificial Intelligence based solutions?
What are areas in investments that machine learning can be applied to?
How does General Assembly's data science immersive program fare against data science, AI, and machine learning/deep learning courses from MOOCs?
Shall I train the neural networks on the same training set for a voting classifier?
Why does TensorFlow use non standard terms for Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
Can beginner do an IoT project using machine learning?
Is it possible to learn machine learning and data science through MOOCS and other online sources or should I go for a masters in CS?
What is the network architecture of artificial intelligence?
What are the differences between semantic and non-semantic models?
Is improving one of the big data clustering algorithms enough as a topic for a PhD?
Is the Softmax loss function suitable for a large number of classes?
How can POS tags help input features to improve ML algo learning to build a text classification algorithm?
How do I improve the generalization ability of CNN on text classification?
What is a Caret package in R programming and what is its use?
What are the learning paths to build machine learning based on a mnemonic generator and provide it as a web app? I have experience in HTML, CSS, js, Java, and C.
Does the recently open-sourced DeepMind's library sonnet have the capability to establish itself as a standard for deep learning?
How do I best utilise my Computer Science and accounting degrees, taking into consideration the advent of AI, automation, etc?
What is meant by "Batch" in machine learning?
What is the best neural network architecture for time series forecasting?
What is a VVPAT machine?
Is smaller cross validation always an indicator of a better predictive model even if a predictive model has a large number of parameters?
Can you have two different GPUs in the same machine/deep learning system?
What are the most important Python skills to have for data analysis/machine learning?
Considering that most deep learning models use heuristics to select the best one, how do you design a model?
Is the University of Gothenburg going to be a good place to study natural language processing with CLASP up and coming?
Do all model ensemble parameters lie on the same optimization curve?
Is it possible to create a design of a web page using machine learning? Like generating CSS styles, assuming that we already had HTML.
Are neural networks just linear classifiers linked with nonlinearities?
What are some research problems in Generative Adversarial Networks?
How does one decide between Random Forest and LASSO regression for variable selection?
How does TensorFlow’s Float32 Precision work?
Is there a difference between prediction equation and the least squares line?
What can I research on in the field of artificial intelligence?
How is Professor Deepak Khemani's NPTEL course on Artificial Intelligence?
Is the deep neural network artificial intuition rather than intelligence?
Can I create a dataset and then use that to evaluate a classification algorithm?
Is it a good idea to do seam carving before feature extracting SIFT features?
If there was one object, personal belonging or a machine that you could interact with, what would it be? And why?
What is better when implementing machine learning applications, using libraries like TensorFlow or developing algorithms ourselves?
Can I start learning data science and become market worthy in 6 months?
How does one take care of numerical stability of the results while running any ML algorithm?
How can we make use of AI or machine learning to enhance the employee experience in an organization?
Should NVIDIA be worried about Google's TPU chips (May, 2017)?
What machine learning algorithms are the most dangerous in terms of losing control over machine reasoning and discovery strategies?
As a machine, what work does a computer perform?
How can I learn mathematics required for machine learning in practical and applied ways if I know some high school mathematics?
How is a PhD in Machine Learning? How long will it take to complete my PhD in Machine Learning?
Which has higher job prospects, Machine Learning vs Image Processing?
How do I plot ROC for a non binary image classifier in MATLAB?
Did anyone manage to replicate AlphaGo in the 12 month since its publication in Nature in January 2016?
Why aren't anonymized medical images shared freely like machine learning datasets?
What is the simplest example of training a neural network with TensorFlow?
What are the prerequisites for ‘the Deep Learning’ book?
Are there any Android neural network libraries in which we can embed our neural network model to make an Android app?
What are some latest and interesting machine learning research papers to read?
How can I map the raw data images to the object detection images in a KITTI data set?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
Can we use Dynamic Bayesian Networks to a single time series (i.e. DC noise voltage data filtering, prediction)?
How can machine learning be applied to accounting?
Is Dlib for Python used as extensively as OpenCV? I find that there is lack of proper documentation of Dlib Python packages, even on its official website.
What are some promising but fledgeling areas of computer science, just as young as machine learning was 10 years ago?
Is it possible to train a neural network one layer at a time?
Should I switch from Web Development to Machine Learning?
Are there test suites for common NLP tasks?
As a Computer/Data Science grad student, how do I contribute towards/learn about open source GMO or CRISPR/Cas9 projects if there are any?
How should one set the batch size and epochs number in Keras?
Does Hessian-Free Optimization relieve the vanishing-gradient problem in Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN)?
How does neural lace technology work?
Is Faster RCNN able to generate the region by its own for training?
How does Deep Belief Network solve the vanishing gradient problem?
Is there any other potentially powerful algorithms or computational models like deep convolutional neural networks?
How can we showcase our machine learning skills as our college project?
Is there any research to show how good it is to just choose sentences from the beginning of the text in a single document summarization of a news dataset?
Where can I find a large, unstructured text data set for relations extraction?
How can I design a system which will detect the cutting sound if someone cuts any tree, then have the system send me a message?
Can anyone suggest some good reading materials for fundamentals of machine learning and artificial neural networks?
Which companies are working on personalized learning?
Where is a slag removing machine used?
How useful would Faces of Suicide be for training an AI to recognize facial patterns in people that have committed suicide?
What are some plausible business reasons for Google Fiber besides “faster Internet -> more ad $ for $GOOG” & posing a threat to ISPs?
What happens if we manually increment a neural network’s weight?
Which professor gives projects in any field like Data Analytics/Finance/Machine Learning at IIT Kharagpur?
Are Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) considered a supervised method in machine learning?
How much deep learning can you do in 45 days if you work on it all day?
Why do neural networks actually work? You basically just matrix multiply a bunch of numbers.
Is the ordinary least squares a type of loss function optimization for regression?
Do you know of elite athletes that have used NLP?
Can you apply machine learning for a completely random environment?
When will humans learn that they are terrible at investing and just let the machines take over?
Why did Boston Dynamics program Atlas if they could embed machine learning algorithms into it and make it learn to walk smoothly all by itself?
Are there any artificial intelligence projects in the disability community that focus on object recognition?
What could be the reasons for being jobless in this summer ?
Assuming Koopmans’ Theorem, the lowest binding energy of an anionic cluster is equal to the neutral cluster HOMO-LUMO gap. Is?
How can learning .NET help me with machine learning in the future?
How good are Chromebooks for learning deep learning?
Which sports (tennis, volleyball, golf) is the hardest to train a robot to be good at?
What is a good theoretical subject to do a deep learning-related MSc project in? I am considering graphical models/reinforcement learning.
Can I apply for a PhD in machine learning in schools like CMU and University of Toronto if I did a mediocre job as an undergrad but I did decently with my MSc degree?
Which startups in India are hiring natural language processing engineers?
What is the correct way to calculate MSE in Q-learning with experience replay?
What machine learning algorithms should I use to rank the popularity and relevance of articles on the internet?
Is it a good master project for data science? I am thinking of using Raspberry pi cluster, install Hadoop, and Tensorflow for image classification.
In artificial neural networks, how can you map the existence of a threshold into an activation function?
How can a sentiment analysis help in improving an organization's image as it only provides positive, negative, or neutral polarity?
What does tf.app.run() do in TensorFlow?
How relevant are the topics of semantic web and information retrieval to machine learning?
Is there any topic in machine learning or pattern recognition?
Could and should a sophisticated AI system be developed from a basic machine learning that can code itself?
Are there any companies that run deep learning models on CPU in production?
How are the MNIST digit samples preprocessed?
How do I prepare for IIST's machine learning interview for M.Tech.?
On which YouTube channel can I get an introduction into artificial intelligence?
Which classifier is the best to detect leaf disease in real time?
What year will the hype of AI/Machine Learning catch up with reality?
Which is the best machine learning technique to classify ~50,000 unlabelled images (2-3% noise) into 3 different classes?
What are the topics I should talk about when writing an essay about deep learning?
Should I apply dropout to transposed convolutional (deconv) layers?
What is a neural tube?
What is your attitude towards the development of machine learning?
Will Udacity nanodegree program in machine learning help us land a job in India?
In what way can a neural network learn "on the fly"?
Is traditional AI becoming obsolete in light of the progress in deep learning?
What is the dual variable in machine learning?
Can the CNN in a TensorFlow tutorial used for classifying digits be used for English alphabet characters?
What is the best approach to do discretization in Weka, supervised or unsupervised?
How does t-SNE work in simple words?
Why is it that training with the softmax unit in Neural Networks is tractable if the partition function is intractable?
What are all the applications of artificial neural networks in civil engineering?
What are some of the most useful jargons to know in machine learning?
How do support vector machines (SVM) have the capability to ignore outliers?
Are there other ways to regularize the l0 norm than the l1 regularization that can be useful in machine learning?
What is the effect of batch normalization with a batch size of 1 in a deep neural network, in terms of performance and speed of training process?
Is Wasserstein GAN slower to train as compared to VAE?
When using AdaBoost in classification, will adding weak classifiers promote the hit rate?
Are there any beginner open source machine learning projects I can get involved in?
Have you recently used Google Translate? How is the quality of the translation with its new Neural Machine Translation? How is it for any language pair?
What is the importance of machine learning framework?
Is there a machine for detecting whether a human has depression?
What's the difference between Pytorch, Dynet, Chainer and TensorFlow Fold?
What is the relationship between correlation coefficient and goodness-of-fit in linear regression?
What is the best machine learning paid site?
How do I choose my role models (idols) and learn from their methods and achievements, without imitating them?
Which are the best books for learning synthesis of complex mechanisms?
Is it possible to combine a Convolutional Encoder and a Recurrent Decoder Network as a full stack autoencoder?
How big a problem is account sharing for apps that make use of recommendation systems?
How can I understand complex machine learning algorithms?
How do you do machine learning in Swift?
What are some good resources to learn about deep learning model deployment in production environments?
Are Smart Goals created automatically by Google's machine learning algorithms?
What are the classifications of networks?
Is there a modified absorption implementation in scikit-learn?
What sort of machine learning applications would be more prominent or useful in Japan and thus more effective to use in a MEXT application proposal?
In multinomial logistic regression, why is the p-value in the likelihood ratio test meaningful but in parameter estimates it isn't meaningful for each dimension?
Do we need a test set, if we're not choosing between hyper-parameters in building machine learning models, especially deep neural networks?
How does one use the "adapt" function in MATLAB's NN toolbox? (Is there any good documentation?)
Do machine learning algorithms give practically useful results for predicting financial time series data such as stock prices? If no, why not?
Is there any area of prediction models (order flow, technical indicators, etc.) that you ascribe alpha to?
What is Natural Language Processing?
Would combining multiple predictions generated by different algorithms normally give you better predictions?
What are the most popular ML regression techniques used on Kaggle?
Why does a neural network with more hidden units have a bigger capacity (space of representable functions)?
How do I process input data when using a Gaussion RBM? Should I normalize the data to a zero mean unit variance?
Is there a difference between face recognition and object recognition? And if so, what?
How do I find a zonal classification of Rachenahalli?
I want to start a business in India related to AI, machine learning and deep learning, what can I do?
My loss functions when training a neural network is jumping after every few iterations. What exactly is happening?
What does recall mean in machine learning?
Is there any best practice or technique for modeling databases/datasets for big data and/or machine learning?
What are hyped use cases of machine learning?
Does anyone research the robot state estimation for abnormal execution detection using non-parametric Bayesian HMM?
From where can I learn to convert Keras code to TensorFlow code?
How should I approach improving my algorithm, if my test set brings bad results?
Who can give the HSLDA (Hierarchically Supervised Latent Dirichlet Allocation) code?
Algorithms seem to be involved with many parts of our lives. What are they and how could I learn more?
Is there a dynamic voice emulation software?
How do you feel about artificial intelligence?
How many times do you apply prediction models for user transactions everyday?
What would be the role of IT service companies in the world of artificial intelligence and machine learning?
How does Saleswhale know what to reply to leads?
What are good methods for natural language generation?
How do I implement Machine Learning on manually extracted features?
Can machine learning be used to minimise MDR tuberculosis cases?
Are there some common jobs which are likely to be replaced by computers/machines in a few years?
Can a machine tool be a machine element?
When the posterior discrete probability distribution is known, which neural network activation function and loss function should be used?
How is machine learning technique enhanced and improved while no one knows exactly how it works?
What is an intuitive explanation of sampling from Bayesian networks by likelihood weighting ?
In artificial intelligence, what is a convolutional neural network?
What are some books, links and websites that I can use to teach myself data science and machine learning?
What is Logistic regression and what are its advantages over linear regression?
What does it mean that Adagrad and Adam optimization algorithms are doing diagonal conditioning?
Do I have to learn Python to be able to understand Machine Learning?
Is TensorFlow a good place to start for a beginner who wants to learn machine learning?
What are some good undergrad level Machine Learning courses? Where can I find their syllabus to design this course for such programs?
Why are linearly separable problems of interest of neural network researchers?
How much do we know about internal workings of deep learning algorithms that were used in image classification datasets like ImageNet or Pascal VOC?
What are the current problems of subjectivity classification in Twitter sentiment analysis?
What data mining algorithms can I use to maximize profit for a gift card company that stores sales, orders and customer data in a relational database?
Is it fine to leave the rest of Machine Learning and only focus on ANNs?
Can we combine HOG and PCA in image classification?
How deep is deep learning?
Are there any companies in the UK that hire graduates for machine learning related positions?
Why do people prioritize statistical method for name entity recognition system to algorithmic exact matching?
What is a Bayesian Neural Network?
In AdaBoost in classification, will adding weak classifiers promote the hit rate definitely?
Between Stanford NLP and spaCy, which one provides the best performance for tokenization, POS, lemmatization and NER? Is it worth it to use SyntaxNet only for POS?
How is the cycle time related to a machine’s down time?
What is a good topic for a master’s thesis in software engineering related to natural language processing and machine learning?
Why does a simple bag of word models like tf–idf work better for IR tasks compared to deep learning?
As an experienced software engineer, which area (AI, big data, machine learning, deep learning, or information retrieval) should I focus on for my future career?
Which are the best and free artificial Intelligence APIs to learn and code for MVP in the market today?
The general public is arguably unaware of machine learning’s potential. Is this the single worst threat to our civil liberties worldwide?
What are the best certifications/courses for a software engineer with four years of experience in entity extraction, NLP, semantic search, Groovy, and Grails?
How can I keep track of the latest deep reinforcement learning paper?
Does peusdo-inverse for linear regression remove collinearity?
If your neural network isn't learning (or isn't learning much), what steps do you take to figure out why?
My boss asked me to setup a GPU farm for training deep neural network with a budget of 50k USD, how should I get started?
In what order should I learn - AI, ML, data science, deep learning, NLP?
Is it problematic to use machine learning to model the genomic data of huge populations?
What is the future of deep learning for medical image segmentation?
For DL tasks, why does the model degrade in quality when using a larger batch size, and is that applicable in the case of all optimizers apart from SGD?
Can neural network be used for silhouette images classification?
Why is deep learning able to be applied to speech recognition successfully given that speech is non-stationary data?
How much computing power does Google add annually, considering its strong effort in transition from ‘Mobile First’ to ‘AI First’ strategy?
What should I learn in web development?
What skills do freshers need to get into machine learning or an NLP job?
How can I read and understand research papers as a software engineering student?
Why does a predictive model, when it’s trained with another dataset (which is from same source as the first one), become statistically insignificant?
What are some state of the art XML querying techniques?
Is it normal for some classifiers to change their prediction performance from fixed amount of data each time I run them to train?
Why are there so many fakes in the Data Science/ML industry?
What open source EDA tools should be used to learn and practice DFT concepts?
How can I generalize a name for "Auto-grading essay" using Natural Language Processing? Can I say "semantic similarity" using NLP?
Is it possible to build a machine-learning algorithm that can learn to do the job of a Wikipedia Parsoid (that is, translate Wiki markup into HTML)?
Can machine learning be used in converting old B&W movies to color?
What is the best reference in machining ''manufacturing methods"?
What are the possible areas of research in applying machine learning for SDN security?
How can I compute the p values for the accuracy of two classifiers using k-fold cross-validation?
Is there any other machine that will perform the same operations as that of a Hand Press Machine?
Which are the most helpful programming languages to machine learning?
What is a kaggle notebook? How is it different from a kernel?
What is bias in neural network?
Is there any field of science where big data and machine learning is not applicable for any reason?
What is the fastest way to learn TensorFlow and use it in building large-scale image processing and natural language processing applications?
Can someone with no knowledge of data analysis or proper coding become a data scientist and also learn machine learning?
Do you need a PhD or master’s to be a machine learning engineer?
What is the best way to find recurring patterns in multiple images?
Can we use GridSearchCV() on CountVectorizer() when using scikit-learn models on text data, or can grid search only be run on the predictive models?
What is the target propagation and how is it implemented to train deep neural networks?
How do we determine model estimation?
What are the ways to do data engineering if we have a large dataset with many attributes?
How does one show that the expected value of a mini-batch in SGD is equal to the true empirical gradient?
What techniques can be used to deal with false positives?
Is there a Tensorflow guide on Quora?
What library does deep learning expert use to manually construct novel neural network structures or come up with new neural network techniques?
What is machine learning in computer science? How would you explain it in a way that a mechanical engineer can understand?
Is it possible to perform topic modelling in k-means clustering?
How can we improve machine learning applications in scientific domains like Climate Science which are limited by the quality of data?
What is the difference between SVM and KSVM (support vector machine)?
What should an AI researcher read to learn neuroscience?
What kind of data science or analytics study can I perform with technical support data?
What is the difference between Numeric Prediction and Classification?
Hypothetically could we build a machine to predict the future?
Would deep learning enable us to improve our research methods instead of just analysing big data with the current methods?
What is the difference between parameters and hyperparameters when training multilayer perceptrons?
Did you implement machine learning algorithms from scratch for the purpose of learning?
How soon will AI and ML make software developers obsolete?
What are a couple of interesting machine learning companies in Germany?
I like the theoretical part of machine learning but I don't like the implementation part. Does that affect my chances of getting a job in that field?
What are some of the specific areas where I can apply machine learning techniques in power system analysis that can lead to publication?
Is it important for a deep learning engineer to know C++?
From where does IBM Watson obtain its knowledge?
How can I handle a very large data set for data mining?
What does an NLP specialist make?
How do plumber and OpenCPU compare when it comes to deploying ML models?
Will there be a challenger to NVIDIA in the GPU market?
Where can I get a master’s in machine learning that teaches deep learning in the UK?
What do we understand by a convas model?
When tuning a neural network, how long do you typically wait while training before changing the hyperparameters and trying another configuration?
Can you cite good examples of machine learning applications in the context of smart cities?
How can we apply unsupervised learning in Python with defined constraints, in order to figure out the most profitable trading strategy?
Where generally is machine learning or artificial intelligence used in supply chains?
What are the skills required for an entry-level Machine Learning job?
Can I contribute to the field of machine learning from a computational biology background?
Is it possible to analyse the affect of IV on DV through logistic regression (rank them)?
Where are word embeddings used in industry?
How should I prepare for a master’s in deep learning/machine learning in India/abroad as a mechanical engineering student at a tier 2 college?
Are there examples of multiplayer competitive games where each agent is trained with reinforcement learning?
How do I add new output for a pre-trained model in TensorFlow?
What are classifiers?
Is it possible for someone who has no CS degree to learn machine learning and get a job?
What are some must-know important points in logistic regression?
What are synonyms for observations/samples that refer more to what I input into a machine learning model, rather than to what I literately observe?
Would a chess engine using a neural network similar to AlphaGo (Google Deep Mind) be an improvement over the existing brute force calculation method?
Why do we use neural network to do NLP task?
How can I speed up machine learning applications built in python?
Does general adversarial network require more hardware than neural networks that uses discriminative model only?
What is the closest machine or device we have to predicting the future?
Do you think that Machine Learning could be used for IT audit purposes?
Who is the founder of the ensemble decision tree? What is its significance and how is it constructed?
Has federated learning been successful?
How many companies actually do use sentiment analysis?
How do binary convolutional neural networks work?
How do I calculate the correlation of every row in a 2D array to a 1D array of the same length?
What are the best resources to learn about AI?
How does a deep neural network escape/resist the curse of dimensionality?
Is there a good open source or web based tool for look-alike modeling?
How can I cluster TIFF files using Weka?
What photographs show love?
Does scikit-learn support ordinal logistic regression?
What is the UJI Pen character data set? I'm unable to understand its format.
What are some uses of SQL on machine learning or scientific applications?
What is an advanced machine learning engineer able to do that a mediocre one can’t?
What procedures should be followed to do a final-year research project on pattern recognition and image processing?
How informative are such clustering results? What are we supposed to read out?
How much do technologies like AI and machine learning rely on metadata to derive their capabilities?
Can l transform 3D images into a 1D vector to train CNN?
When did Google, Microsoft, and Facebook get serious about machine learning?
Is man a biological machine?
What is meant by neural network?
What does the eigenvalue of a Hessian mean in machine learning?
What are the pros and cons of a career as an Analog Design Engineer vs. Machine Learning Engineer?
What is the best way to evaluate goodness of prediction for positive unlabeled learning problems?
Is there any point in trying to solve the gradients of complex neural networks, such as GRUs and LSTMs, manually?
Is trying to be borderline machine intelligent good?
Why is logistic regression generally resistant to overfitting in machine learning?
Where can I get deep learning lectures by Dan Becker other than on Datacamp?
Can you suggest the disadvantages of AI?
How important is parameter learning (gradient descent) for ML?
When will the first AI-generated and constantly learning individual TV guide be available?
In a music recommender system using Naive Bayes, should you use the name of the artist in the model?
Where can I freely access machine learning and AI journals where I can keep tracking new research results?
What does it mean to be good at machine learning?
Is there any implementation of deep learning or tensorflow based anomaly detection system?
How do I make my own artificial intelligence like Jarvis having deep mind like Google, what programming languages should I have to learn?
When do you need grid predictions in machine learning?
What are some good universities abroad to pursue an MS in AI, machine learning, or data analytics?
How useful will it be to do MBA after MS in Machine Learning/AI?
What is high dimensional data?
Where can I find free industry reports on the natural language processing industry?
What is a faint cluster? How can you determine its distance?
What is the most systematic way to understand Deep Learning algorithms?
What are the common points and differences between NLP problems and recommender systems?
How do I determine if an estimator suffers from high variance?
How can analyze ROC curve in Stata?
What are the advantages of logistic regression?
How do l replace nominal values into numeric values in a given data set for applying clustering algo?
What is the real difference between machine learning and a robot?
Which certification course should I choose for data scientist?
What GPU Server Architecture would one use for larger scale Deep Learning inference deployment?
Are there any recent research references on converting unstructured text to structured relationships?
How do I start deep learning tutorial from basic, I hardly have knowledge on machine learning?
Is there any online service where I can train and test deep neural network?
How do I use the PCA result for predictive modelling or on test data?
What are the standard techniques to model/simulate people's long-term and short-term mobility?
In what kind of abstract, 2-player, self-contained game would a human have the greatest advantage over a computer?
How do I land my first job as a machine learning specialist?
How do I use LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) for ranking documents with respect to the query?
What does MaxUnpooling do if the maximum value for the corresponding MaxPooling operation is multiple times higher?
How do I estimate the parameters of an extended logistic growth model?
Could you use convolutional neural networks as an optical character recognition substitute?
Which loss function should be used in tensor flow for ranked recommendation models?
How can I prove that my Lasso model is not overfitting?
Is it OK to jump into big data or machine learning with the mindset of opening my own startup in the future?
What do paralegals do that can be replaced by machine learning?
How do I implement machine learning for SAP testing?
How do we go about looking for a career in Machine Learning? What sub-fields are there, and how do we explore them?
Can an electrical engineer without any certification do a machine learning job at an Indian startup in Bangalore?
What is the best book for machine learning applications?
Is Neo4J literally free?
Which is the best open source to implement a Convolutional Neural Network? Is it good in terms of speed and feasibility?
Where are the most updated research on artificial intelligence?
Is the free probability useful in machine learning?
Do you think artificial intelligence is a good trading tool? Would you try it?
Could speech recognition replace stenography?
What should I learn first machine learning or neural networks?
What would be a salary comparison between an Artificial Intelligence software engineer, a Machine Learning software engineer, and a software architect?
Where do I get cryptanalytic videos with machine learning converting cipher text to two different plain texts?
Which a machine learning approach, would you recommend for accounting docs or OCR classifications?
Where can I download co saliency image pair dataset? The original link is not working.
Do you think Pytorch will be more poplar than Tensorflow?
What is the difference between Markov networks and Bayesian networks?
How can I convert collected handwritten images of size 32x32 into a dataset with the extension SCV or PKL?
Is it possible to use customer lifetime value as the objective function for a reinforcement learning algorithm?
Is it in all cases that the support Vector Machine (SVM) perform better than Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) backpropagation for classification?
Are there any data augmentation techniques for NLP?
Which school is better for a PhD in ML and AI, the University of Southern California or the University of Wisconsin?
Is it possible to land a machine learning engineer job without a college degree?
Where can I get a small machine learning project in Python or R?
How can I evaluate the best possible results for an SVM classifier?
What if we make or train an AI to predict its own growth based on data like achievements, research and major breakthroughs in recent years?
Is strong AI more likely to be developed via merging the brain with technology than via pure machine intelligence?
In computer vision, how do you prove that Difference of Guassian is a good approximation to Laplacian of Gaussian?
How is it possible to combine web development with machine learning?
HR posed a question without any data -"We want to build a recommender system for our product. Explain how you would go about it." How do I respond?
What is the difference between network layer and datalink layer?
What is the best approach to learn data science (simplest one)?
How can one apply data science to Facebook ads?
In layman’s terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?
What do you think about Weka (knowledge analysis software)?
Can we evaluate a deep neural network without a test set?
Can I run a deep learning algorithm with TensorFlow 1.1 backend using a Titan X GPU?
How much data structures and algorithms knowledge is needed for working in machine learning?
Why is deep neural network able to represent non linear/polynomial functions?
Don't you find solving kaggle-like machine learning problems intellectually boring (compared to competitive programming, for example)?
Why can’t we always bypass confronting the partition function in machine learning?
How do I use deep learning to classify the stance of one document and a given comment sentence on it?
Is Edureka good for learning data science?
While there are substantial advancements in Natural Language processing, it is still not 100% accurate. What innovations are being done on this?
What is an appropriate way to compute the similarity between two set of tags?
What are the best machine learning puns?
How well do text summarization in machine learning work so far?
What is the best Python IDE for machine learning?
How is machine learning used in data science?
What if the morality in the Bible is nothing but training patterns for our deep neural networks?
What are some alternatives to automated machine learning, such as DataRobot, for predictive analytics?
Which is the best university for doing a Ph.D in natural language processing in India?
In a random forest, how do we calculate the OOB error rate when observations appear in all trees in RF?
In reinforcement learning, do we assume that each state is independent of the past and future states?
If AI learns bias, can't we just leave those variables out of the model?
Is machine learning and artificial intelligence capable of automating automation?
Suppose we have a complete AI system that simulates the mind of a simple animal e.g. a rat. What parts of this system can be accomplished with an ANN?
How do I replace JavaRDD, JavaPairRDD and DataFrames using DataSet?
What is word alignment in the natural language processing domain?
Is there a way to check if a multivariate dataset sample came from another population dataset?
How do I get into the top universities in a machine learning programme?
What company machines are used in pencil manufacturing?
What are some fields (or works) that cannot be replaced with AI?
How many CC units are in an ML?
Are there some toolkits similar to Weka?
What are the techniques used to predict on a very small size data set, with nearly 20 observations?
Is eye movement that is associated with thought processes (Such as in the subject of NLP) considered "nature" or "nurture"?
How can I know if I'm qualified enough to apply to machine learning related jobs?
What is machine learning, and how do you get a career in machine learning?
Does time variable show recurrent connection in RNN?
How do I do nonlinear regression in Python just like nls() or nlsLM() in R?
Is there any automatic code/way to optimize the neural networks parameters on MATLAB?
How can we use cyc system in the field of Natural Language Processing?
What are the most important hyperparameters for XGBoost, and in which direction do I tune them from the default?
How do I do a multilabel classification with XGBoost?
What is state-of-the-art in terms of natural language processing using deep learning?
What is the most commonly used speech recognition toolkits?
How can we use deep learning in cognitive sciences, and in which part specifically?
What is better, web development or machine learning? I want to get a job instantly as soon as I graduate.
What is the determination of machining parameters in CAPP?
What's the best way to learn data modeling?
How can I combine private equity with my interests in machine learning?
What convolutional neural network (CNN) approaches are used in order to correct optical character recognition (OCR) errors?
How could machine learning be useful in the design & verification field?
What would be the pros/cons of doing a graduate minor in neuroscience/cognitive science/psychology vs. math/stats/none for a CS PhD student?
Can I do a sentiment analysis for several areas using several data sets in Python?
What is the formula to find the threshold value in contourlet-based denoising?
Should a machine learning engineer have a PhD? Can’t a normal student become a machine learning engineer?
Why doesn't the use of a forget gate in LSTMs cause vanishing/dying gradients?
Is it possible to give approximate solutions for Hilbert's 10th problem using deep learning?
Why is Google a learning orginization?
Is it a feasible way to understand CNN from the frequency domain?
Is it possible to train a Generative Adversarial Network that uses LIF neurons?
What are the different π-models and t-models and what is the perfect condition use for them?
What is the theory behind AlexNet and SqueezeNet achieving their accuracies in the ImageNet classification challenge?
How do I create a movie recommendation system?
Do the leaders in machine learning like Michael Jordan and Andrew Ng implement frameworks by themselves?
How do I use Machine learning in a typical production support environment?
How can you find and replace synonyms in a text corpus in R? (Read description)
Is a fully connected neural network equal to a feed-forward neural network?
What is the support vector machine in data mining?
What can we expect from machine learning in the future?
How can backpropagation be implemented in max pooling layer?
Where can I find good problem statements on 3D geometry processing, machine learning and deep learning that can be taken at a PhD level?
How do I understand whether a particular problem can be solved by machine learning?
Can generative adversarial networks still generate data 5 sigma away from the mean of the distributions of at least one dimension of the data sampled?
Are there any games that are good for beginner neural network creators to test their skills on?
In a neural network (unsure if it is keras specific) what is the difference between batch-size and batch-training? When would I need both?
What do machine learning algorithms look like for simple tasks?
Can generative adversarial networks (GAN) be used for anomaly detection?
How good is the machine learning program at the University of Alberta?
In the random forest algorithm, why should randomly selected tree outperform the best thought decision tree?
Is anyone using unsupervised machine learning to take data storage distribution decisions?
How do I start with Kaggle datasets to implement the Machine Learning algorithms?
What is a good machine learning model for a very sparse and highly dimensional feature set?
What is the purpose of Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Studio? What can I do with it?
Is it worth to spend 8k USD to build a computer with powerful GPUs to learn deep learning?
What are the various data mining techniques for fraud detection?
What should be the RAM size for my RNN model?
How do I start learning machine learning from basics?
What, and up to what extent, should I learn to become a big data and machine learning test engineer?
I'm very interested in machine learning, especially NLP, from the business perspective. Where can I find information on related seminars in the US?
Is there any free project on machine learning with R, which I can download and do practice?
Should I do research in machine learning if I am only of average intelligence?
How efficient is an artificial neural network for the development and prediction of pharmaceutical formulations?
How do I learn engineering machine drawing in 1 week?
If you could solve one huge problem with machine learning and AI, what would it be?
What are possible diffculties for training deep networks?
How do you get top companies to offer you an internship in machine learning with no working experience in the field?
Are the skills of a social scientist trained in regression analysis useful in finance?
What is energy function in Markov random fields? How are they related to conditional probability?
How can we use machine learning to distinguish between articles/posts and other stuff?
Why are generative adversarial networks so creative?
How did the University of Toronto become forefront in machine learning? Was it a conscious effort on the part of the university’s investment in the field?
What resources can I use to gain a deeper understanding of Tensorflow?
Where does industrial machine vision systems require innovation?
What algorithms except from neural networks can be implemented in tensorflow?
What is the most effective way to learn Machine learning while working?
How can I find SVM?
How do I start learning machine learning and deep learning without advanced maths background?
What is Constrained K-means Clustering?
In speech recognition, what happens to the 'erm's and 'ah's?
What is the biggest challenge in generative models?
What are some resources that I can learn algorithms for segmentation and object detection using deep learning from?
What are some possible altruistic applications of Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, and Artificial Intelligence, as a whole?
Can Convolutional neural networks de-blur an image?
What are the prerequisites to learn machine learning from scratch?
How can I collect a handwritten character dataset?
How does TED's smart search engine called?
Which are the common filters used in CNN learning algorithm?
Why should regression in machine learning minimize mean square error rather than mean square relative error?
What is the latest feature extraction for sound recognition?
How do I tune the random trees max depth parameter using cross validation and F1 score as a metric on an imbalanced dataset?
While artificial Intelligence (AI) is hot again the issues are the same, is AI there to replace or help us in the workplace?
Dose "tensor" in deep learning mean the same thing as in mathematics?
What are the recent papers on cooperative machine to machine communications?
How can I learn artificial intelligence with a little bit of knowledge of Python?
How can I make a recurrent neural network in R?
What are the pros and cons of using functional programming for machine learning?
What is the difference between Kaggle Kernels and Jupyter/iPython notebook?
What is the benefits of studying machine learning?
Does Google fund a lot of academic research, especially in machine learning?
Are discriminative models always preferable over generative ones if I only care about accuracy?
What are fundamental building blocks of biological neural network?
Does a variational autoencoder preserve properties? For example, if the input is Gaussian, will the output be Gaussian?
Can someone learn to be innovative?
What is a good overview book/paper/tutorial/course on model-based reinforcement learning?
Which field is the best, big data or machine learning?
How do I choose the activation function in Q-learning with ANN?
What is the generalized algorithm for steepest-descent method that can be used to Scilab?
Is there a Machine Learned or AI System to write Jokes?
What is the use of a machine language?
Do online karaokes sell voice recording for Machine Learning (speech recognition) purposes?
Are MAINGEAR (Razor) desktops good for Deep Learning work?
Where is a Deburring machine used?
How do I tune hyperparameters of ML algorithm using Bayesian Search? Please help with with an example with proper steps for MLP.
What makes Hilbert spaces useful?
What is the scope of image processing or machine learning in ISRO or any government organizations?
Should I choose higher K for K-fold cross validation if my algorithm produces higher accuracy?
How do I get started on computer vision?
What is the meaning of cluster based approach?
Do Neural Turing Machines use hard or soft attention?
Are the Machine Learning A-Z and Deep Learning A-Z courses by Kirill Eremenko on Udemy any good?
Can loopy belief propagation only be ran on graphs without pairwise potentials?
What are some interesting, but lesser known applications for neural networks?
What’s a good way to learn how to write algorithms? What techniques are used?
How can I start learning and practicing machine learning and how can it be used in the field of Cybersecurity?
What's better for me, a course on data science/machine learning or programming?
Which one is the best toolkit for neural machine translation?
What's difference between "Count of Clusters" and "The maximum valid cluster"?
What is meant by "no. of parallel paths" in rotating machines?
How can I use ATI radeon R7 for deep learning?
How can I estimate the cutoff point in logistic regression?
How do you only train a specific layer of a CNN model so as to "speed up" training?
Can we use neural machine translation (like seq2seq) for named entity recognition?
Is it possible to automatically improve a song's digital file by up-sampling and machine learning?
How do I justify the performance of deep learning models?
When one samples a probabilistic model does one assume the model was already trained with the training set?
How could I the find state of the art accuracy/performance on UCF101 dataset?
Is there any deep learning model which can not back propagate error differentials to its input?
Can machine learning help us discover new planets?
What will be the impact of machine learning/artificial intelligence on UX design field?
Will it be worth doing machine learning summer training from Coursera, and will I become eligible to build my own project using ML concepts?
What is the next generation operating model esp. in the digital world?
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?
Why is the output all the same with batch normalization in my neural network?
Where I can get pattern recognition and applications lecture notes for ECE students?
Where can I find resources for personalized learning using ML project?
What are the great ideas on opinion mining (sentiment analysis) for research?
What learning objective functions can I use for logistic regression?
In Polyflow, what's the algorithm in the mixing task?
What is ROI projection in Faster-RCNN?
Which of these two models is unbiased - simple linear regression or LASSO regression?
What should I be doing to build a career in Machine Learning? Where do I begin, and what are my options?
Does knowledge of domain enough to construct selective features to build a prediction model with 0.8 regression?
Why is exponential family useful for machine learning?
What makes a machine intelligent?
What are some other areas in deep learning which do not include image or vision?
Why is there no work of variational auto-encoder on larger data sets like CIFAR or ImageNet?
How do you deal with missing values when scoring a model? Can I use multiple imputation when building the model?
What happens when we use one factor loading only for each latent factor in SEM (structural equation modeling)?
What is an efficient and systematic way to learn machine learning theory?
What is the purpose of worms in an expeller machine?
HR told me that I can expect programming and scripting questions in my machine learning interview. What can I expect for "scripting" questions?
What directions/fields in applied mathematics are away from (not very relevant to) data science?
What accounts for the rapidly increasing popularity of machine learning?
Can someone give me an intuitive explanation on Hyperband that is an approach to Hyperparameter optimization?
How do distributed representation avoid the curse of dimensionality in natural language processing (NLP)?
Where can I find tuberculosis numerical dataset?
What amount is needed for mechanical engineering colleges?
How do I convert the dataset<Row> into a JavaPairRDD?
Which should I choose between machine learning and computer security?
Is there any reason I should think about the distribution of datasets when dividing for training and validation?
Where can I learn about vectors completely on YouTube?
What is hybrid support vector machine and how does it work?
How is reinforcement calculated?
Could we train a neural network to go back in time and kill Hitler?
Is there a machine learning library that can identify the odd image/images from a given pool of images ?
How, when, why and who started the concept of engineering, machines, and engines in world? What is the origin of these?
How can I get an Indian HS classification?
What is the most popular method to classify the topics of news articles?
Having a computer science background, is it worth it to learn R and data science?
How can a high schooler with coding experience get involved with research in artificial intelligence?
What is the better way to start with Machine Learning?
How do I predict next label in the sequence of labels?
What are the best papers on neural network memories?
In a deep neural network, why does batch normalization help improve accuracy on a test set?
How can I learn Cantonese?
Is machine learning the future of the programming world?
Is it true that the more you want to know if your algorithm overfits, the less sure you are about what you know, since the test set size decreases?
What are some do’s and don’ts for beginners in machine learning and programmers?
What are feature reduction algorithms that do not need the number of features to be given?
How is the part-time MTech in machine learning at M. S. Ramaiah University, Bangalore?
How will artificial intelligence impact your current job?
What is the ideal place for a sound machine, and how do you set it up?
What are some deep learning researches done by tech giants allowing the public to involve?
What is the difference between a shaper machine and a planner machine?
"It's not what you know.. it's who you know". Is networking more important than education, as networking saves the long, learning process 'till later?
Why do LSTMs in Keras require a matching batch size for fitting and predicting?
Why is class probability distribution in Naive Bayes, CART, boosting trees, and random forest said to be distorted? What is the meaning of distortion here?
Are there any modern neural networks that are fundamentally similar to Hopfield Networks?
What are some new things for research in deep learning for e-learning?
Can AI and machine learning technologies forecast the social implications of converting to AI and machine learning for humans in 5, 10, and 20 years?
Which machine learning algorithm should be used when trying to rank an optimum solution involving multiple and multi discipline objectives?
What is the best example for false negative, false positive, true negative and true positive in machine learning?
What is a good source or explanation about phoneme error rate (PER) and position-independent error rate, or letter error rate?
How can l explain that the traditional Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) units suffer from the vanishing gradient problem?
Is it true that machine learning is basically pattern recognition and optimization?
What is meant by an activation map for feature visualization in deep learning?
What can we learn from nature, and how can we make use of that learning for the future?
Is bias and variance for real-valued targets? What is the difference between bias-variance tradeoff and confusion matrix?
How long will the deep learning fad last?
On what kind of data do EM Gaussian mixtures tend to work well?
Where can I find a company’s datasets that are suitable for textual classification?
Does Facebook/Instagram use image recognition to enrich Audience Insights and target settings on Facebook Ads Manager?
How does NLP help people in sales?
What are some of the best deep learning projects that you have personally worked on?
Can an AI learn to write grants?
I am currently learning data science in Python on DataCamp and working with data sets on Kaggle, but I am afraid I won’t get a job. What more can I do?
Why is it that if SGD is visited at most once then one is minimizing the expected loss directly and not the empirical risk?
When should I bootstrap features when using Bagged Classifiers?
What companies or agencies use(d) Vader for sentiment analysis?
I have been learning feed forward neural network and backpropagation for 3 months and still can't understand it, what should I do?
Should I still do a Master’s in Data Science and Machine Learning in the USA in 2017 after the proposed changes to the H-1B visa?
Why accuracy increased when SVM and naive Bayes used together?
What is the best classifier I can use in "Real Time Face Recognition" after extracting features by using "Alexnet"?
Among all existing deep-learning frameworks, which one has the lowest level of encapsulation and is the most flexible for developing a new modelling framework?
Can I have some descriptions about what data scientists and machine learning engineers do usually on daily bases?
What does it mean for loopy belief propagation (BP) to converge?
What is the latest algorithm or approach for sentiment analyzer or opinion mining?
What are the most promising AI and machine learning startups in NYC/Northeast?
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?
What is a primal and a dual problem in support vector machines?
Are the existing techniques for the automate grading of text based content able to grade technical based content?
Is there a website to learn how to post process an image of a butterfly?
How do I elicit regression coefficients (linear and nonlinear regression) from a domain expert?
Can machine learning aid in malware detection? What are the bottlenecks in such an implementation of ML?
What are the uses of an input-process-output model?
Should I know data structures and algorithms for an interview for a position in machine/deep learning? I come from EE and haven't studied DS&A
What's a good reliable (and not too expensive) 64-bit Intel Linux-based laptop with Nvida GPUs in it? I plan to use it for Machine Learning.
Does Laboratory of Neural Nets and Deep Learning at MIPT provide teaching activities in any of CS disciplines?
Does clustering fix within panel auto-correlation across time periods?
Where can I get solved MATLAB predictive maintenance (machine learning) examples to train myself and apply what I am learning?
What are the reasons that may cause TensorFlow stopping backprop gradient?
Will we be able to invent such a robot that can understand like a small learning baby?
Is it necessary to be good at AI/ML for a CS major?
What famous athlete has used NLP?
What is the difference between an expert system and machine learning?
How do I decide at which layer to put batch normalization in a very deep convolutional neural network?
What are some of the best online courses to learn about autonomous cars?
How would you start business optimization using data analytics and machine learning?
In the given Bayesian network, is D independent of E and F given C?
What are some cool things AI developers do to their homes?
How are you using MNIST in your day-to-day life/work?
What are some of the specific areas where I can apply my machine learning techniques in power electronics?
Is there any accurate information for the sentiment analysis APIs in Google Cloud?
What are some of the good applications of machine learning techniques in power system analysis?
What is the best way to learn artificial intelligence with Python?
Which university should I choose for a Master’s in Computer Science, Washington State University or the University of Georgia in Athens?
How do I get the label of the topic modeling LDA output?
Are experimental or unorthodox machine learning algorithms used in the industry?
What is the future of machine learning at IIT Hyderabad?
Is labelled data the bottleneck of progress in AI?
How do I predict word stress by machine learning?
How can I apply a convolutional neural network algorithm to analyse Twitter text?
What should I learn today that will help in the near future?
Where can I host my new image dataset, around 1.2 GB?
Is it difficult to learn neural networks?
How do I plot attention heatmap on sentences for sentiment analysis?
What are some of the good resources on adaptive machine learning? Not just theory but possibly code, too.
Can machine learning be used to decide the best type of analysis for a given data-set?
Can we build a rig for cryptocurrency mining and deep learning at the same time?
Where can I learn more about the Microsoft computer vision API?
For an encoder/decoder setup using an LSTM pair, why do we condition the decoder on the hidden state of the encoder?
What qualifications do I need to do to publish a paper on the field of machine learning? Can anyone try to publish a paper if the person has knowledge?
What is the effect of increasing the number of features and number of clusters?
Does a strong math major student with machine learning research experience without having taken any CS course have chance for top PhD programs in CS?
What is the current mainstream method to label the lane marker?
Where can I find a list of all the clustering algorithms?
Do recommendation systems only operate on when you buy one item, or do they recommend based on your whole cart of 2 or more items?
What methods are there to fight the vanishing and exploding gradient problems?
What proportion of real world business problems can actually be solved by applying AI and machine learning?
How do I find next number from the list of previous numbers using deep learning?
How can I measure uncertainty or give confidence interval measures along with an existing neural network model?
How do the ICC(International Criminal Court), ICJ(International Court of Justice) and PCA(Permanent Court of Justice) differ from each other?
What are some new professions and roles machine learning and AI will create?
Can you provide examples of effective Deep Learning domain adaptation from 3D engines to the real world?
How do we use LSTM to do label predictions in text classification?
What concepts in optimization do I need for machine learning?
Which machine-learning companies have offices in Bangalore, India?
Why do people do text classification for text mining?
Which book to reffer to start learning machine learning?
Why is having a large "support" important for Bayesian nonparametric models?
Are support vector machines friendly?
Can I learn about artificial intelligence from IT professionals?
What happens if a dropout is applied to connections (weights) rather than the units?
What are the assumptions behind the Bayesian Imputation?
What is the difference between fuzzy logic and machine learning?
What are the best linguistics features to use in subjectivity classification?
How can I use machine learning algorithms to predict future insurance outgoings?
Are there any good Deep Learning reading groups organized in the Seattle area?
How do we know which kernel to choose when using the Gaussian process machine learning method?
What kind of project can I make using embedded systems and machine learning together?
How do I classify the content in the customer review on a product, like whether it contains any suggestions, criticism, or evaluation, etc., using NLP?
Where can I find a good resource for multiple choice questions for Probabilistic Graphical Models?
What is meant by application clustering?
How good is a UCSB PhD in robotics and control/machine learning in the EE/ME department compared to other top schools?
Does computer science at CMU Qatar have strong Machine Learning and computer vision courses just like the PA campus?
What is a good journal or publication for an unaffiliated researcher to publish his algorithms/methods in the area of statistical machine learning?
Is it possible to simulate a software test lab using Machine learning?
What are some use cases for machine learning in VR?
Assuming someone just completed high school and wants to get into Machine Learning, what pathway would you advise them to follow?
Which European countries are actually working and doing research on the Internet of things (IoT), machine learning, data science and robotics?
What will be the future of (robotic) prosthetics, in the next few decades?
Why is the capacity of CNN determined by the size of the parameter? I think the number of neurons in FM are also important.
Should I learn Scala for big data and machine learning?
Are lenders using AI algorithms to make decisions on credit and loan applications?
How do you determine what is difficult about a machine learning problem/dataset?
Would a 1080 TI be enough for deep learning (RNN, Boltzmann, CNN)?
Is there any MATLAB code available for neural network weight optimization using genetic algorithm?
Why are the weights frozen in the discriminator of GANs during training?
Where can l find a curated list of computer vision for Optical Character Recognition (OCR)?
Where can I find sample ATM EJ logs for my machine learning experiments?
Why do latent variables need to be correlated when we're specifying the measurement model?
How do we measure the performance of an industrial cluster?
Is a career switch from Java with 8 years of experience to Machine Learning a good move?
Is there any summer courses for machine learning or support vector machines that can be recommended?
How can I do a machine learning project from scratch if I have no idea about it?
What is the prerequisite knowledge for learning artificial intelligence?
In my discrete mathematics class, we proved that there are problems that cannot be solved by a computer. Could those problems be solved by an AI?
Karpathy mentioned during a lecture that it is possible to replace the FC layer at the end of a CNN with an average pooling layer. Has anyone tried it?
Do you think universal adversarial perturbation research is a fair one on deep neural networks?
What should we call an agent in artificial intelligence?
How do I make decision using Machine learning?
What are the advantages to a predictive model with features versus just using slices and dices of the data to identify positives and negatives?
How is it that Generative models and GANs enable machine learning to work with multi-modal outputs?
What are the best sources to study machine learning for practical purposes (not just the plain theory, but to be able to build real software)?
What are the job prospects for a machine learning engineer intern? Does it close doors to software engineering jobs?
Which data mining algorithm should be used to predict energy consumption for the next year?
How do I implement sentiment analysis on customer feedback projects?
In machine learning, is it assumed that the given data has no sampling bias, or do they just not care because they cannot change it anyhow?
How do you explain what a Bayesian solution is in a half-sentence?
What is the meaning of Deep Neural Networks built on a tape-based autograd system?
How good is Deep Learning research at Video Analytics Lab, IISc?
What is the difference between a recommendation engine in a graph database and machine learning?
Is the dimensionality of the hidden (recurrent) state in a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) always the same size?
Where can I find good problem statements on 3D geometry processing, machine learning, and deep learning to undertake a Ph.D. project?
What CNN models need a batch norm but are small enough to do a very quick test?
What is Manhattan LSTM?
How we can use naive Bayes classifier for sementic sentiment analysis of Twitter data?
What’s the current scenario on placements after an M.Tech in Machine Learning at IIST?
What does it mean to have high AUC but low F1 score?
Are there any publicly available taxonomies for natural language processing?
What companies in Miami offer machine learning and data science research summer internships?
How do I build a bot platform similar to Gupshup & Smooch?
Can​ a totally beginner at programming, start off with machine learning?
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?
Can I output the timing of words in a speech using Tensorflow CTC using RNN?
What is the physical meaning of using SVD/NMF on a spatial correlation matrix?
What is the application of machine learning in the music industry?
Where can I learn about the basics of artificial intelligence?
How much data do I need to train a chatbot?
Which is a better country for a Master’s in machine learning - Australia or Canada?
Which machine learning approach is suitable for mapping word coordinates to tabular data from a scanned image?
What are the main differences between back-propagation and target-propagation and why isn't the second one applied to train GANs (for example)?
Are there Machine Learning libraries present in the C programming language?
Should I learn Machine Learning and Android App Development simultaneously? If yes, which programming language(s) should I go for?
Are there any known problems in batch normalization?
In Java, how can I plot k means clustering output data?
How do I learn some machine learning and deep learning in a week to impress my boss and colleagues?
What is ground truth in supervised classification?
How do engineers take notes and organize them (on what software) for science, manufacturing processes, programming languages (Python), machine learning, books, links, etc?
What is the difference between the coordiate gradient and the conjugate gradient?
What is the unit of a potential gradient?
In Naive Bayes classifiers, is there any statistical justification for assuming independence?
In NLP, what's the relation between the CYK and the inside-outside algorithm?
How do I get into AI and ML?
Are there any startups which would pay me to learn Machine Learning and AI?
What are some great data science based insights?
In ecommerce, what is considered a strong percentage of revenue that is achieved by a recommendation system?
In ABC classification, why do we forecast only a few items from the A category?
What are the steps you should take before performing multiple regression on a large data set?
What are some good books to get me up and running with machine learning with Python?
What happens to the brain neural networks/connections you had as a baby, child, adolescent? Do they just disappear with aging?
How dependable can upcoming AI be considered?
How can I implement an enemy AI in Unity3D that learns?
What are the pros and cons of an MS ECE program with a track in Computer Vision, Machine Learning and Algorithm in Northeastern University (Boston)?
What are the challenges for machine learning from the perspective of the Automotive safety process? Would testing be the only safety?
How do I start learning for research in machine learning?
What is a neural network? How do I learn about it? What are the skills that I must learn that will explain the basics?
To what extent are neural networks used in spectroscopy?
Why did the authors of the Deep Learning book use the name structured probabilistic models instead of the standard probabilistic graphical models?
How do I build machine learning algorithm as a beginner?
Is it possible to have a higher F-measure value than the accuracy for a highly imbalanced dataset?
Are there any private coaching institutes teaches the best of machine learning?
Is it preferred or good to have certifications in predictive analytics and machine learning for a data scientist to remain in the competition?
How would you create a neural network for conscience?
What is the difference between a decision tree and a decision table ?
How can I master machine learning so that I can join Google for machine learning related positions?
How do I learn machine learning fast?
What is outlier analysis in data mining?
What is the best startup tutorial on Keras’ deep-learning library?
What is the nice task using only unsupervised leanrning models?
How good should I be to enroll in a Machine Learning Master's degree?
What's the best way to run machine learning on Android devices?
How easily can actuaries change to IT-related careers like data science, machine learning and software development?
How should I learn about AI?
What are some good references for Robust Statistics?
Is the cross-entropy cost function viable for regression problems? Why or why not?
Is the Bayesian hierarchical model useful in the industry or finance?
Are memories stored in synapses or neural networks?
How should I teach myself about topics like AI and Deep Learning if I have no prior knowledge of programming? I want to start from the basics.
What are “predictive models”?
Assuming Koopmans’ Theorem, the lowest binding energy of an anionic cluster is equal to the neutral cluster HOMO-LUMO gap is wrong. why?
What is a 'typical set' in probability density estimation for Bayesian inference?
Why do people use Scala for machine learning? Doesn't making everything an immutable object make it slow?
Can I get a deep understanding of machine leaning by being self-taught?
Which machine learning/NLP approach would you use to categorize documents into categories like sports, politics, entertainment, etc.?
If I predict clusters on a whole trainset then use them as categorical features and perform CV, would it be a leak?
How good is Surrey University’s machine learning?
How does a neural network model fractional powers for input variables?
What are the recommended methods to prevent over-fitting in evolutionary optimization?
What machine learning algorithms does Google use for its search engine?
I have a strong math background. What coursework should I take to study machine learning?
What projects in machine learning can be built after completing Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera?
What is the state of art in scanned document text detection, Optical Character recognition (OCR) pipeline from a computer vision perspective ?
How do I implement clustering with size controls and constraints?
How does a neural network modify its weight without going into a ping-pong effect?
Which are the highest paying companies in India for machine learning/deep learning?
Given the rise of machines and AI, what kind of professional knowledge do I need to have to stay on top of the game in the future?
What are three tests that are necessary to determine the parameters of a synchronous machine?
What algorithms are particularly useful in machine learning?
Can you explain intuitively or with an example why the gradient points to the direction of steepest ascent?
How do I go about identifying spirals in an image and outputting the locations of the pixels of the spirals?
Which is the best way to finetune VGG-Face with FER 2013 dataset?
How do I get realistic test data sets for a test case reduction technique?
How do I study the nonparametric Bayesian method systematically?
Why should designers or PMs learn about machine learning?
Why can't machine learning algorithms handle non-stationary data?
How are image recognition and object recognition different areas in deep learning?
Is it better to use rule-based or machine-learning algorithms for classification in a closed question answering domain?
Is it feasible to build your own fMRI machine?
How much machine learning is used at Huawei Research and Development Center in India?
How can univariate and multivariate statistics be generalized to solve practical Machine Learning problem?
How do I generate qualitatively different sequences such that the quadratic variation grows sublinearly?
What should digital Product Designers know about Machine Learning?
Why is ReLU non-linear?
Are there any machine learning/data science/programming classes, during the weekend in Toronto?
How can I generate decision trees in ML?
Can I use clustering (data mining techniques) for fake account detection in social networks?
Which pharma company uses Bosch packaging machines?
If you had an AI assistant that was proven to consistently make better decisions than you in all cases, would you choose to follow it consistently?
What's a good simple but overlooked machine learning idea for LinkedIn?
What are some good universities for a professional MS degree in Machine Learning and Computer Vision?
What should be the appropriate size of training data while training a neural network?
Who are the best professors working on machine learning in India?
What's the abbreviation for orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis?
For a classification problem (two classes), is it better to use two outputs with softmax or one output with binary cross-entropy?
Are feature selection and generating a prediction model the same? When do we use feature selection in the process of data mining?
How can we build explainable AI?
How and when do I use the reshape function in Python ML?
How should I start with polyphonic pitch detection?
Is there a theoretical upper bound in the length or complexity of an input to an NLP system that uses current techniques?
How do I extract from the voice signal acoustic vectors in Automatic Speech Recognition?
What is the advantage of an end-to-end trainable neural network?
What are the best meetups for machine learning in NYC?
What should I know to be a junior machine learning developer?
Could you train a CNN to effectively play Gomoku?
Is Nokia Bell Labs a good place for machine learning research?
How does the training time for a convolutional neural network scale with input image size?
How do I build up a Hadoop and Spark cluster using docker and deploy to AWS?
How do I create a new machine learning algorithm?
Did Google Deepmind succeed because of its breakthrough in algorithm or because it found the right problem to tackle?
What is happening mathematically when region proposals get resized according to final convolution layer activation functions in Fast R-CNN?
How do I learn machine learning and deep learning without any fear of complex maths and algorithms?
What is the best way and best steps to learn machine learning (software and hardware)?
Where can I find resources on machine translation?
What is the difference between machine learning and machine intelligence? Do they mean the same thing?
What are the best methods to interpret what attributes different convolutional layers are picking up on?
What is Google's machine learning?
Are there any online machine learning classifiers used in computer vision?
What is the difference between yaoi and shounen-ai?
Is the 'homoscedasticity' assumption in linear regression equivalent to that 'the residual items are not related to the independent variables'?
Can I say that sentiment analysis is one of a data scientist's jobs?
What are the differences between thinking humanly and thinking rationally?
What is the no-free lunch theorem?
Machine learning seems to be everywhere these days. But is the technology we see now mature, or are we still taking baby steps?
How do I perform an evaluation on the recommender algorithm using negative tests?
What is the easiest neural network type to begin with, for reading handwriting?
What improvements in algorithms made deep learning possible for neural networks?
Is there any generalized algorithm to disaggregate energy data of any house?
How can I use Faster R-CNN and RPN for sequence text detection in noisy invoices?
What is the best algorithm for sentiment analysis in unsupervised learning?
What makes it possible that the Bayesian approach gives us more information beyond just a point estimate?
Will Artifical Intelligence based robo-advisors lose all their edge due to taxes?
Is there any deep learning implementation of retrieval based question answering?
Why should we use GAN if the differences between the generated samples and the real samples can be directly measured?
Ios development or machine learning?
Can sentiment analysis on tweets be considered as a sentence level classification?
Are the weights of convolutional filters random?
What are some interesting AI or machine learning projects to support an application to a university master’s program in AI?
How do we use the First Order Inductive Learner algorithm? Explain with an example.
How can I network with models?
What's the better double major combination for AI/Machine Learning: CS and math or CS and statistics?
Why does the output of my neural network increase nearly monotonous?
In what ways is a "Lie Access Neural Turing Machine" superior over normal NTMs?
What is the best and fastest way to learn machine learning, considering that I am a novice in this field?
How can I become very good in applied mathematics for robotics and machine learning before graduate school and while studying alone?
What is the best way to understand the Receiver Operating Curve (ROC) in Machine Learning?
What are the prerequisites one should have before taking the course on ML by Andrew NG on Coursera? Can I take this course with no prior knowledge?
What is a neural network?
Is majoring in Cognitive Science at UCSD with a specialization in machine learning and computation an employable and/or lucrative major?
Which is a better start for learning machine learning: projects or theory?
Why is it not easy to add new words to co-ocucurance matrices but it is easy to add to word2vec?
What are all the differences between on-line learning and off-line learning with backpropagation?
Is autoencoders perform rowwise or columnwise reduction?
Where can I find more resources on computer vision?
How can I get a machine learning job in 9 months?
How do you make variational inference with a large dataset faster?
As a Python programmer with no experience in cloud computing, where should I start to learn and use Spark for my future machine learning project?
What is dimensional hopping in machine learning?
Could someone help me determine which path in my education would best suit my interests?
How can I learn artificial intelligence at its best from scratch?
Does winning a Kaggle competition matter outside of Kaggle?
How do I use servers to run weka classifiers on large datasets?
What is parametric estimating, bottom-up estimating, and three-point estimating in PMP?
How do I know when Q-learning algorithm with ANN as function approximator converges?
How do I retrain SSD object detection model for our own dataset?
What are some areas where machine learning cannot be applied despite having lots of data?
What can I do to start earning from freelancing in 3 months?
Which is the best institute in Bangalore for machine learning, artificial intelligence, and deep learning (need hands-on)?
Can I make my own news recommender system? How?
What are machine components which can not be made by casting?
Could I use pre-defined filter weight for convolutional neural networks?
As an industrial engineering student interested in a data science MSc, what programming language should I start learning?
During the optimisation of a deep neural network, is the only benefit of a large step size, the fact that it will train more quickly?
Can TensorFlow be used as GPU-accelerated NumPy? If so, what are the limitations?
What are the qualifications and job descriptions for machine learning engineers?
How can machine learning and predictive analytics derive business values?
What are some of the ways or algorithms employed in snort to detect network intrusion so that I can implement them on my own?
How can you visualize the outputs convolution or pooling layers in TensorFlow?
Which open-source framework can do multithreading gradient boosting decision trees?
Where can I learn engine dyno tuning in India?
Is having a degree/certificate a must when it comes to getting a job offer in machine learning? If not, then what are the tricks for getting such a job?
In a feature selection problem on a dataset, is it normal to have an accuracy of 100% for one algorithm and 66% for another (30% difference)?
How easy is it to learn a boolean function with gradient Descent using a Deep Learning?
What kind of input is in Siamese network?
What should I learn in order to sustain in modern age of IT industry which is automation and machine learning?
What is the best clustering method for deep features, and what is the best layer to get this deep feature? What about Conv 5 from VGG16 net?
Given that early stopping is mostly equivalent to L2, does it make sense to combine both regularization techniques?
What programming languages are used to create online chatbots like cleverbot.com
Is Machine Learning taught in classe préparatoire aux grandes écoles?
What current diagnoses are invasive, but can become non-invasive using machine learning algorithms?
Is Tensorflow only available for Python?
Do the course notes of Andrej Karpathy's course on convolutional neural network cover everything in the lecture videos?
What is a good online tutorial to understand the mathematical basics of PCA, ICA, Tensorial PCA, and Tensorial ICA?
How can an artificial neural network calculate weather forecasting?
Is there a way we can use virtual reality technology to visualize how a deep neural network learns?
What's the difference between machine learning in MATLAB and Python?
Which MOOC is good for advanced machine learning?
What are the differences between forming and machining precesses?
What is the correct way of implementing a machine learning algorithm?
Can Ravindrababu Ravula give me some details about the online classes for a machine learning course?
How can I get started in humanoid robotics and artificial intelligence?
What foreign languages should a data scientist learn?
In Latent Dirichlet Allocation, how words are assigned logically to topics and the Gibbs sampling perform this?
How useful is the machine learning course from Coursera?
Is it possible to design menu cards through deep learning algorithms?
How good is Java for Machine Learning and Data Analytic implementations?
What kind of convolutional neural network architecture would you recommend for scenery classification?
Who are the best professors in US who offer research projects to undergrad students from Indian universities in machine learning?
Should I continue studying Machine Learning and Data Science during college if I don’t intend to do a master’s degree?
In credit scoring, what are the advantages and disadvantages of machine learning relative to traditional regression techniques?
What is meant by calculating the moving average of parameters in machine learning?
What is TensorFlow, and how can we get started with it to get into machine learning?
Is it possible to get a job in data science or machine learning right after graduation? If so, how?
What is the meaning of ensemble in machine learning?
If I plan on learning TensorFlow and Keras, which one should I learn first?
Can I implement deep learning to classify MRI images using MATLAB?
How can one find distractors (incorrect answers) for multiple choice questions with Machine Learning if we have the correct option?
Is machine learning going to take over computer science jobs?
Why do so many software engineers put machine learning into their CVs just because they know some black-box library such as TensorFlow?
What tools or libraries exist now for transcribing music to MIDI?
Why are we saying machines have 4 poles?
How has Quora helped you to improve your professional skills?
Which course is better, Machine Learning by Andrew Ng or machine learning from UC, Berkeley on EDX?
Is there an equivalent of Stack Overflow for economists?
How close is the Kaldi ASR to the state of arts in the speech recognition?
What is the use of neural networks in the IT industry?
Which problems are now required to be deeply studied in the field of sparse coding and dictionary learning?
What's the intuition behind the extra feature map that connects to layer 1 via a uniform filter in the deconvolution paper?
What is the state of the art in unsupervised image clustering?
How is the machine learning repository or data set made, and how can I build my own?
How do I use the HTK tool kit for speech recognition practically?
Is fuzzy logic still useful today, given the dominance of machine learning?
If you could have one of the behemoth tech companies help you with one thing for your AI/ML startup, what would it be?
Is there a difference between additive models and generalized additive models?
Does it make sense to use additional user information (like age, sex or even Facebook likes) for recommendation systems?
In Feature Engineering, when performing Feature Selection, why should correlated features not be present?
What are good textbooks out there on Machine Learning using Java?
Why must we do normalization before using distance-based machine learning models such as SVM, KNN, etc?
How does bullet classification work?
Can ARIMA models be compared if p and q differ?
What are the examples of machine learning use in retail analytics?
What are some of the best options for experienced professionals who have just completed masters’ in machine learning later in life?
What are some good resources to learn the necessary mathematics for machine learning and NLP?
How do I install a feature selection repository?
When we increase the amount of training data in the KNN algorithm, why does the error rate reduce?
At what point does artificial intelligence become a problem? Or perhaps will it be problem free?
Is any of the major content platforms using neural networks for recommendation?
Where can I find a dataset of transcription factor networks with meaningful labels? Or how can I get labels?
What are the most common data normalization methods used in machine learning?
Why might making price prediction a classification task instead of regression helpful?
Which is more useful to learn: thermodynamics or theory of computation?
How does the number of columns in a Spark Dataset decrease performance?
In which stage does Feature Selection happen in Machine Learning?
According to many people, AI and machine learning are the major reasons for IT job layoffs. What jobs have been replaced by these disciplines?
What is better for machine learning research in Canada, MILA Institute or the new Vector Institute?
How does a Mechanical and Automation student learn Machine Learning?
How do I assign labels in AE using SVM?
Can logistic regression get 100% accuracy in learning the XOR function?
How does machine learning improve advertising in Facebook in terms of revenue, CTR and/or average dwell time?
How does the brain interpret relative distances while looking at 2D images on a screen?
How can I become a machine learning engineer after undergrad?
Can we predict the size of the deep learning model for a limited target system?
Where can I download Modern Machining Process by Pandey and Shan?
Will artificial intelligence combine with Big Data to create the next Industrial Revolution?
Is there any place in science where the Python statistical library is poor or immature compared to R?
Is machine learning only as good as the data it is presented with? If yes, then can this dependency be eliminated?
How do I learn to use Quora?
Why is human inference modeled by the Boltzmann probabilistic model? How is it better in comparison with other models, like the uniform or Gaussian model or a normal distribution?
Why would a total network error get stuck in an XOR problem with an ReLU transfer function of the Neuroph framework?
What is the best way to describe machine learning in layman's language?
How can I optimize parameters (cost and gaama) with the help of a grid-search using a 5-fold cross validation technique in OpenCV using C++ code?
Can I use IBM’s Watson voice recognition for my project?
How I can know if a data is linearly separate or not?
What is the best measure for comparing two predictive variables?
Will image recognition and deep learning software make EDI obsolete?
What are some good sources for machine learning and AI programming?
What should I choose as an elective, machine learning or graph theory?
What is TensorFlow? How can I learn it from scratch?
Does it make sense to write a machine learning application in Java?
Where can I learn surface modelling in Solid Edge?
What is the optimal range of standard error of regression model to be acceptable as a means of prediction?
What are some interesting Deep Learning problems that are being solved at the moment?
What is time distributed dense layer in Keras?
How do I get a list of Machine Learning SCI indexed journals?
How can I implement deep learning to classify medical literature, based upon some specific contextual-based criteria?
What are the steps to start learning Machine Learning? Any tutorial points?
Is there any artificial intelligence or NLP to automatically extract features from natural language IT job postings?
Can I use reinforcement learning for the parameter tuning of arbitrary algorithms, such as a Kalman filter?
Why is a logistic regression model used for the prediction of landslide susceptibility?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
Why university of Edinburgh Is better for machine learning than Oxbridge?
If two "paths" give the same total reward, can the model be forced to learn that the shorter "path" is better?
Which papers are related to Information Retrieval for closed domain question-answering?
Has anyone tried combining character level and word level in RNN or LSTM for text classification? What are the approaches to combine these?
